a	It is a little speech that I have written for him.
aardvark	She was kinda chubby, even for an aardvark.
abaca	Plants valuable for their fibre number about 300, and among them is the abaca (Musa texilis), from the leaves of which Manila hemp is made.
aback	He was taken aback momentarily, but he recovered swiftly.
aba	The men wear a tarbush with white roll, a black under-robe with white girdle, a short loose jacket, and when necessary an aba or parti-coloured cloak over all.
abaci	In 1202 he was again in Italy and published his great work, Liber abaci, which probably procured him access to the learned and refined court of the emperor Frederick II.
aa	The southeastern corner of the province is traversed by the Westerwolde Aa, which discharges into the Dollart.
abacus	One of the oldest manipulatives you're probably familiar with is the abacus, the ancient counting device in which beads strung on wires are used to represent single digits and groups of numbers.
abaddon	The distinction of good and bad angels is recognized; we have names, Gabriel 4, and the evil angels Abaddon or Apollyon', Beelzebub 6, and Satan'; ranks are implied, archangels 8, principalities and powers9, thrones and dominions 10.
abandon	She couldn't abandon her babies to him, even if he was their father.
abandoned	It was bad enough that I abandoned her.
abalone	I'll have the abalone slices with the oyster sauce, please.
abaft	Bertram Elliot, waiting to lead the Royals just abaft the bridge, was struck down by a shell which did fearful execution forward.
abase	The demotion did not abase his credibility with his peers.
aaa	One arbitrator shall be selected using AAA procedures.
abashed	He was pleased at the gratitude he received, but felt abashed at receiving it.
abate	In an hour or so the storm would abate and they could leave.
abatement	His obesity did not cause any abatement of activity when next he took the field.
abasement	Only an evil man would delight in the abasement of his children.
ab	In nonflowering plants the works usually followed are for ferns, Hooker and Baker's Synopsis filicum; for mosses, Muller's Synopsis muscorum frondosorum, Jaeger & Sauerbeck's Genera et species muscorum, and Engler & Prantl's Pflanzenfamilien; for algae, de Toni's Sylloge algarum; for hepaticae, Gottsche, Lindenberg and Nees ab Esenbeck's Synopsis hepaticarum, supplemented by Stephani's Species hepaticarum; for fungi, Saccardo's Sylloge fungorum, and for mycetozoa Lister's monograph of the group. For the members of large genera, e.g.
abattoir	A small local abattoir is used to reduce travel time.
abbess	The special feature of the institute was that the abbess ruled the monks as well as the nuns.
abaya	Not all Muslim brides in Asia would wear the white abaya.
abaxial	The abaxial surface of these leaves is covered with a suspicious gray film.
abbreviate	If the space is small, you can always abbreviate.
abbreviation	This is shown by the permanent abbreviation of the proper names Gaius and Gnaeus by C. and Cn.
abbacy	The date of his promotion to the abbacy is uncertain.
abb	The promontory of St Abb's Head is 3 m.
abc	Hence in trilinear co-ordinates, with ABC as fundamental triangle, its equation is Pa+Q/1+R7=o.
abandonment	Nine days after the abandonment of Moscow, a messenger from Kutuzov reached Petersburg with the official announcement of that event.
abbreviated	It has been often reprinted, especially in an abbreviated form.
abdicate	He agreed to abdicate and retire in favor of the next in line for the throne.
abduct	If someone attempts to abduct you, make noise.
abduction	We tried to help with the South Carolina abduction of a girl taken from her bedroom.
abbot	It was a different Howie Abbot who took the news.
abdication	After his abdication Northumbrian history degenerates into a record of dynastic murders.
abbey	In England there was once a famous abbey, called Whitby.
abed	She is resting abed after enduring a painful oral surgery.
abductor	Our abductor was nowhere in sight.
abdominal	Difference of opinion as to the nature of the abdominal appendages pre vails.
abeam	We spotted land abeam of the ship.
aberrant	They are not tales of aberrant individuals but of societal norms.
aberration	She is normally calm and level headed, so this outburst is an aberration.
abdomen	The abdomen under the wings of the butterfly still represents the larva.
abele	Of the European kinds one of the most important and best marked forms is the white poplar or abele, P. alba, a tree of large size, with rounded spreading head and curved branches, which, like the trunk, are covered with a greyish white bark, becoming much furrowed on old stems. The leaves are ovate or nearly round in general outline, but with deeply waved, more or less lobed and indented margins and cordate base; the upper side is of a dark green tint, but the lower surface is clothed with a dense white down, which likewise covers the young shoots - giving, with the bark, a hoary aspect to the whole tree.
abet	Try not to aid, abet, counsel or procure dishonesty.
abhorrent	The idea of the sovereignty of the people was to him utterly abhorrent, and even any delegation of sovereign power on his own part would have seemed a betrayal of a God-given trust.
abhor	I abhor this type of insulting behavior.
abettor	The burglar partly blames his actions on his uncle, the abettor of his crimes.
abide	I don't need to abide by the rules.
abhorrence	I could sense Howie's abhorrence at visiting his past.
abigail	His mother, Abigail Hussey, whom the poet strongly resembled, was of good stock.
ability	Freedom from that ugly feeling gave her the ability to speak of it lightly for the first time.
abeyance	This regulation fell into abeyance after the 12th century, and such inscriptions are very rare.
abiding	It is under the abiding influence of the Holy Ghost, and therefore cannot err in matters of faith.
abies	Conifers are rare, and the Scotch pine, which is abundant on the sandy plains, takes the place of the Abies.
abiological	On the other hand, the biological sciences are sharply marked off from the abiological, or those which treat of the phenomena manifested by not-living matter, in so far as the properties of living matter distinguish it absolutely from all other kinds of things, and as the present state of knowledge furnishes us with no link between the living and the not-living.
abiotic	It is also of a size and composition that is ideally suited to be formed by abiotic peptide synthesis.
abiogenesis	So far the theory of abiogenesis may be taken as disproved.
abject	The poor surroundings caused abject misery.
abjure	He was asked whether certain books had been written by him and whether he was prepared to maintain or to abjure what he had written.
ablaze	The trees were ablaze in fall color.
ablation	Laser therapy laser therapy Laser therapy is sometimes called laser ablation.
abjuration	The direct result of this investigation is not known, but it is impossible to disconnect from it the promulgation by Pope Alexander V., on the 20th of December 1409, of a bull which ordered the abjuration of all Wycliffite heresies and the surrender of all his books, while at the same time - a measure specially levelled at the pulpit of Bethlehem chapel - all preaching was prohibited except in localities which had been by long usage set apart for that use.
able	His father was never able to get custody of him as a child.
ablative	These include oesophageal stents - either rigid plastic or self-expanding metallic stents (SEMS) and local tumor ablative techniques such as laser therapy.
ably	The polyzoic view is ably championed by Braun (2) and (3).
abnegation	This instance of abnegation is the more worthy of record that it formed a marked exception to Laplace's usual course.
abnormal	The child's abnormal behavior was disturbing to those around him.
ablution	If one needed to do ablution once, I did it twice.
aboard	Climbing aboard, he slapped the reins to the team.
abm	It is the United States ' decision to withdraw from the ABM Treaty of 1972, which Russia considers erroneous.
abolish	He wished to control, not to abolish them.
abo	On the 23rd of January 1743, direct negotiations between the two powers were opened at Abo, and on the 7th of August 1743 Sweden ceded to Russia all the southern part of Finland east of the river Kymmene, which thus became the boundary between the two states, including the fortresses of Villmanstrand and Fredrikshamn.
abnormality	The x-ray shows a slight abnormality in your spine, which explains the pain you've been experiencing.
abnormally	The skull is abnormally thick and the cerebral capacity small.
abode	Huygens had before this time fixed his abode in France.
abolishment	Abolishment of slavery was a huge milestone in America's history.
abolitionist	In 1865 at the close of the war, he declared that, slavery being abolished, his career as an abolitionist was ended.
abolitionism	Abraham Lincoln hated slavery and became an advocate of abolitionism.
abominable	It's abominable! she screamed.
abominably	The child was abominably rude to the guests, so he was sent to his room for the rest of the evening.
abort	After their car broke down, they had to abort their plans for a weekend getaway.
abomination	This second writer singles out three of the Maccabean priest kings for attack, the first of whom he charges with every abomination; the people itself, he declares, is apostate, and chastisement will follow speedily - the temple will be laid waste, the nation carried afresh into captivity, whence, on their repentance, God will restore them again to their own land, where they shall enjoy the blessedness of God's presence and be ruled by a Messiah sprung from Judah.
aboral	Woltereck considers the siphonophores most nearly allied to the Narcomedusae, producing like the buds from an aboral stolon, the first bud being represented by the pneumatophore or protocodon, in different cases.
aboriginally	Curtius supposed that the population of this part of Asia was aboriginally of Ionic race and that the settlers from Greece found the country in the possession of a kindred people.
aborigines	The aborigines of Australia furnish an example.
abolition	When the majority shall at length vote for the abolition of slavery, it will be because they are indifferent to slavery, or because there is but little slavery left to be abolished by their vote.
abortifacient	The oil of savin is now occasionally used criminally as an abortifacient.
abounding	Regular physical exercise in the open air contributed much to his abounding vitality.
about	Do you want to tell me about it?
above	The figure above me answered.
aborted	He explained his aborted visit to Lydia Larkin and watching as she embraced her boss.
abortion	And I don't believe in abortion either.
aboriginal	Travelling on the water was an important activity in aboriginal times.
abovementioned	In this poem, which was written 593 A.H., at the request of Nur-uddin Arslan of Mosul, the son and successor of the abovementioned `Izz-uddin, Nizami returned once more from his excursion into the field of heroic deeds to his old favourite domain of romantic fiction, and added a fresh leaf to the laurel crown of immortal fame with which the unanimous consent of Eastern and Western critics has adorned his venerable head.
abortive	The invasion of the Goths and the death of Decius put an end to the abortive attempt.
abrade	However, do not abrade the skin by using a scrub brush.
abrasion	It was clean but showed fresh blood, and the abrasion looked painful.
abrasive	Other mineral products are graphite, garnet used as an abrasive, pyrite and zinc ore.
abridge	He wrote because he liked to write; he did not abridge, because he cared not to abridge.
abridgment	The Latin text is much shorter than the Welsh, but we do not know whether this abridgment was made on purpose, or whether the translation is an imitation of an earlier text.
abroad	So, as you are now too old to wander abroad and work in a circus, I offer you a home here as long as you live.
abound	Ducks, cranes and other aquatic birds abound in the delta.
abrogate	The ministry proposed to abrogate the electoral law of 1850, and restore universal suffrage; the Assembly by refusing made itself still more unpopular.
abreast	He insisted on being kept abreast of the news.
abruptly	He turned abruptly and left the room.
abreaction	Resentment is generated by the abreaction of guilt, and bitterness by the abreaction of pride.
abrogation	What we should seek, therefore, is to avoid the abrogation of, or unilateral withdrawal from, these treaties.
abscissa	A curve with I as abscissa and u as ordinate is called the curve of velocities or velocity-time curve.
abruptness	Darian watched her, startled by her abruptness.
abruption	Carla had her first baby at 19 years old and suffered a placental abruption.
abscond	The Treasurer was a member whose legs were burned, this ensured he could not abscond with the funds!
absence	He explained the absence of his fangs.
absent	Felipa nodded, her gaze becoming absent again.
abscission	A number of methods are used to delay petal abscission artificially, including the use of chemicals.
absenteeism	The crime of plurality, the holding by one cleric of two or more benefices, was especially attacked, as also clerical absenteeism and ignorance, and laxity in the monastic life.
abscissae	The ordinates of the curve give the strain in cwts., and the abscissae the distance in miles measured from the Canso end; as the strain is proportional to the depth, 18 cwts.
abrupt	He caught her arm, bringing her to an abrupt halt.
absolute	Jonny has the key to absolute power.
abscess	Pus being found, the abscess should be freely opened and drained.
absolution	Penance accompanied by the judicial absolution of the priest makes a true sacrament.
absentee	At least he was never an absentee in heart.
abseil	After reaching the floor we tried to pull the ropes through from the abseil point at the top of the crag.
absinthe	Be warned, absinthe is highly alcoholic and can make people a little crazy.
absoluteness	God reveals Himself in the logical idea, in nature and in mind; but mind is not alike conscious of its absoluteness in every stage of development.
absently	He looked uncomfortable and his gaze shifted absently to the cabinets.
absolve	He can only absolve you from mortal sins.
absorb	I have enough acreage and cattle to absorb some of the loss.
absolutist	Like her brother, she had all the domestic virtues, and, as was to be expected of a sister of Louis XVI., she was in favour of absolutist principles.
absolutism	This is perhaps the best that can be said of a king who incarnated the stolid absolutism of the period.
absorbability	In regard to water, all soils have two actions - namely, permeability and absorbability.
absorbable	Interceed absorbable adhesion barrier is composed of oxidized regenerated cellulose.
absorbency	If the look of your towel is as important to you as its absorbency, this is the best way to go.
absorption	Mention may be made of the absorption spectrum of benzene.
absorptive	The part in contact with the endosperm is plate-like, and is known as the scutellum; the surface in contact with the endosperm forms an absorptive epithelium.
abstain	During Lent, many religious people decide to abstain from something to focus more clearly on God.
absolutely	Cookies are absolutely forbidden.
absorber	This is chiefly due to the fact that in the former the heat of vaporization acquired in the refrigerator is rejected in the absorber, so that the whole heat of vaporization has to be supplied again by the steam in the generator.
absorbing	Alex nodded, soberly absorbing the information.
absorbent	In special cases, such as the preparation of edible oils and fats, a further improvement in colour and greater purity is obtained by filtering the oils over charcoal, or over natural absorbent earths, such as fuller's earth.
abstemious	Abstemious in his habits, he possessed great physical endurance.
abstinence	A nearly vegetarian diet and a complete abstinence from alcoholic stimulants is the ideal in such cases, but it must be modified to suit individuals, as sometimes very strict limitations prove injurious.
abstinent	Trusting that one talk geared toward sex education for teens will keep them abstinent until their wedding night is an ignorant way of thinking.
abstaining	Swine are very rarely kept, and then almost wholly for the European inhabitants, the Copts generally abstaining from eating their meat.
abstention	Sir George Grey found it impossible to maintain a policy of total abstention from the affairs of the republics.
abstract	They had no abstract ideas; in their minds all was concrete, visible and tangible.
abstemiously	Please eat and drink abstemiously at this event, we don't have enough for everyone to eat seconds.
absorbed	She took his hand and absorbed what she could of his power.
abstracted	Similarly an absent-minded man is said to be abstracted, as paying no attention to the matter in hand.
abstractly	At the same time it connects itself with the second problem, how to attain in conjunction with the abstractly rational character of the absolute an explanation of actuality.
abstruse	Dr. Bell is proficient in many fields of science, and has the art of making every subject he touches interesting, even the most abstruse theories.
absurd	It had an absurd ritual and a strange uniform.
absurdity	She pulled back and shook her head at the absurdity of his entrance.
abundance	The unhealthy lagoons contain abundance of fish.
abstraction	In the case of solid figures a more difficult geometrical abstraction is involved.
abundant	Pigs and goats were then abundant on the islands.
abuser	The abuser uses physical force or threats to intimidate the victim.
absurdly	The price at which the corn was sold was always moderate; the corn law of Gracchus (123 B.C.) made it absurdly low, and Clodius (58 B.C.) bestowed it gratuitously.
abusiveness	Their crude productions, for the most part, were conspicuous rather for insolence and abusiveness than for logic or learning.
abut	Both ranges abut at their eastern or E.N.E.
abusive	He flew into an abusive rage when he saw it.
abuzz	The Peak was abuzz with activity when Lana arrived several hours later.
abundantly	Tree frogs were chirping so abundantly that they sounded like crickets.
abutilon	Climbers starring this month are many of the clematis, abutilon, climbing roses and the honeysuckle (lonicera japonica ).
abyss	She glanced down at the black abyss before them.
abutting	Moonlight spilled over large buildings with triangular roofs into community squares abutting stacked parking lots.
abutment	The abutment towers are similar to the river towers.
abysmal	The red-clay is an abysmal formation, occurring in the sea bottom in the deepest part of the oceans.
academe	There is also access to thoughtful and provocative essays by opinionated people inside and outside academe on an array of subjects.
abuse	Fine, but I'm not going to let him verbally abuse you.
acacia	The acacia abounded on the borders of the valley, but the groves were gradually cut down for the use of the carpenter and the charcoal-burner.
academically	The parents were proud of their son for making good grades because he normally struggled academically.
academia	Degrees earned are of paramount significance in academia.
academical	He soon obtained various academical honours, and became professor of theology in 1511.
academician	He was elected a full academician in 1888, and an honorary member of the Royal Academy of Munich.
academic	Quinn is our age but he jumped two school grades on academic excellence.
acanthus	Another species, Acanthus spinosus, is so called from its spiny leaves.
academy	I am going to put you in the academy there.
abyssal	It must, therefore, be supposed that abyssal forms have gradually acquired such tolerance of darkness as makes their health independent of the sun.
acari	These larvae are minute oval creatures with a comparatively short apically fringed caudal prolongation and furnished with two pairs of short two-clawed processes, which may represent the limbs of anthropods and possibly the two pairs of legs found in Acari of the family Eriophyidae.
accede	The senior command did not accede to these requests.
acas	This is the advice received from Acas.
accelerate	To accelerate the proceedings of the committee it was decided to meet weekly instead of monthly.
accelerating	Hence they are very commonly made unstable, or accelerating, i.e.
acceleration	The acceleration therefore remains the same, and the velocity is unaltered.
accelerant	The dog is trained to indicate the presence of any fire accelerant.
accent	Maybe it was the soft accent that held her attention.
accept	Give her a little time to accept the idea.
accelerator	His foot pressed harder on the accelerator and the car jumped forward.
accentor	The so-called hedge-sparrow (Accentor modularis), really a member of this group, is one of the successful introductions into New Zealand.
accelerometer	It is a surface micromachined piezoelectric accelerometer employing a zinc oxide (ZnO) active piezoelectric film.
acceptance	Apparently her calm acceptance encouraged him to continue.
acceptability	Dianna agreed that focusing on the regulatory morass and public acceptability was appropriate.
accentuation	But, even within the pale of the Roman Church, this identification provokes emphatic dissent, and is repudiated by all who are shocked by the effects of a onesided accentuation of political Catholicism on the inner life of the church, and are reluctant to see the priest playing the part of a political agitator.
acceptation	By the decree of Canopus, Ptolemy III.Euergetes introduced through the assembly of priests an extra day every fourth year, but this reform had no acceptation until it was reimposed by Augustus with the Julian calendar.
acceptably	After the five-course banquet, Tyler's stomach was acceptably full.
access	You gave Howard access to the checking account.
accessible	The harbour is only accessible to small vessels.
acceptor	If any buried hydrogen bond donors do not have an acceptor, they are listed.
accession	The dates of his accession and death are unknown.
accentuate	There are several strategies to choose the right eye shadow to best accentuate your eye color.
accessibility	Perhaps the most remarkable traits in Longfellow's character were his accessibility and his charity.
accidentally	I can cover up the girls who accidentally get hit by cars.
acceptable	She had continued her classes and was somehow maintaining acceptable grades.
accessories	The top was clean except for accessories and a few letters standing upright in a sorter.
accipiter	Kenya's largest accipiter, usually found alone or in pairs with a pair needing a territory of around 13 sq Km in Kenya.
acclamation	But when he concludes the prayer and thanksgiving all the people present answer with acclamation ` Amen.'
acclaim	At William's coronation it was he who called on them to acclaim their duke as king.
accepted	I offered to help and you accepted my offer.
acclimate	It took me only a few days to acclimate to the new school.
accepting	She's accepting her role.
accidental	An accidental circumstance, however, occurred at this moment which largely affected his future.
accident	A car accident killed them both.
accolade	It was the biggest accolade in the industry.
accommodate	I only have one sleeping bag, and it will only accommodate one person.
acclimatize	One great object of their experiments was to introduce and acclimatize exotic cottons.
accommodation	All hope of an accommodation was, however, in vain.
acclivity	It is delightfully situated on a bold acclivity, one mile E. from the church.
acclimatization	In none of these cases is there any indication that acclimatization was necessary or ever took place.
accompaniment	He played, but when he tried to sing to the accompaniment of the instrument, his feelings overcame him.
accompany	I suggest you accompany me home.
accomplice	The officer was shot and killed by Brancato's accomplice.
accommodating	There are also the bull-ring, capable of accommodating 8000 spectators, the pelota court (el Trinquete) and several parks or gardens.
accomplished	You set your goal and accomplished it.
accomplishment	What an accomplishment that is!
accommodative	Aspects of the human condition include exotropia, accommodative esotropia, A and V patterns, dissociated vertical deviation and latent nystagmus.
accord	Hurmuzescu shows that these results are in accord with theory.
accordance	After the advance has begun in this manner, orders will be given in accordance with the enemy's movements.
accessory	There are no accessory generative organs.
according	According to the invitation, the party will be held in the main entrance near the Christmas tree.
accompanist	David in fact started off as a tenor in the choir, but his value as a superb accompanist was soon recognized.
accordant	The evidence afforded by these instruments is not, however, altogether accordant.
account	That account has $10,000 in it.
accountable	Another held him accountable, with remorse causing him to take his own life.
accountancy	This body brings together all the accountancy bodies in the world.
accordion	Brandon stood, his tall form unfolding like an accordion until he towered over her again.
accountant	He was, after all, taking time off work during the busiest time of the year for an accountant to be with her.
accountability	Landon, start taking accountability of dealers and compasses throughout the day.
accredit	The university won't accredit students who cheat in any way.
accredited	Two hundred and fifty schools are accredited by the university of Michigan.
accomplish	It seemed very doubtful whether he would accomplish his desire.
accordingly	Accordingly I copied the story and sent it to him for his birthday.
accoutrement	Hailey searched for months to find the perfect accoutrement to accent her wedding outfit.
accoutrements	She emerged from the kitchen with a tray laden with coffee and its accoutrements, a slice of pie and water.
accounting	Moliere's manner of accounting for this is famous in literary history or legend.
acculturation	He is researching acculturation through personal ornamentation in the north of Roman Britain.
accumulate	They were unable to accumulate enough evidence to make a well-written claim.
accrue	They were so pleased with the resources of the country that on.their return to Holland they represented to the directors of the company the great advantages that would accrue to the Dutch Eastern trade from a properly provided and fortified station of call at the Cape.
accretion	The opening of railway communication with London in 1906 resulted in a considerable accretion of residential population.
accumulative	Though controlling anger might seem a daunting and formidable task, anger management worksheets can help alleviate anger and reduce the accumulative stresses associated with these powerful emotions.
accuracy	Proving their accuracy is up to the authorities.
accurate	But I'm not sure there's any accurate way of proving that one way or the other.
accrual	Czech Airlines reserves the right to make partial or full disqualification of some discount tariffs from mileage accrual.
accursed	Lamplighters used to light street lamps every night, before the accursed electricity came along.
accumulator	The effective electromotive force of the common lead accumulator is less than that required to charge it.
accusation	The history of this accusation is by no means clear.
accusative	The relative pronouns are nominative and accusative a, oblique cases ydd, yr, y.
accusatory	You will want to confront her eventually about it, but not in an accusatory manner in case you are wrong.
accustomed	Obviously he was accustomed to socializing on a high level.
accusingly	He squinted accusingly at Elisabeth.
accuser	The accused himself would be hot to eliminate his accuser.
accumulation	This second matter is atmosphere or firmament, which envelops and revolves around the central accumulation of first matter.
accustom	Once you accustom your pet to playing with his new toy when there are treats inside, you can use it to teach him desired behaviors.
acerbic	It was during this performance in which the usually acerbic Simon Cowell stated that he saw Lewis transform from a great singer to a superstar.
accuse	I didn't accuse anyone.
ace	He was back almost immediately, carrying an ace bandage.
acellular	An acellular vaccine contains on parts of the cells which can produce immunity in a person receiving the vaccine.
accused	His voice was calm, but his eyes accused her.
acetabulum	The acetabulum is the socket of the hip joint.
acetic	It is soluble in water and possesses an odour resembling that of acetic acid.
ache	The ache within her deepened at the idea of trusting someone for the first time in her life, and the energy flowing between them grew more intense.
acetone	The acetone dicarboxylic acid, CO(CH 2 CO 2 H) 2, so obtained combines with hydrocyanic acid, and this product yields citric acid on hydrolysis.
acetous	It is strained, deprived of its moisture, and receives an admixture of gamboge, cinnabar, acetous protoxide or some other coloring matter.
acetate	Let us allow dilute sodium acetate to react with dilute hydrochloric acid.
achieve	How do you hope to achieve that?
achievement	His great achievement was the History of Germany in the Nineteenth Century.
aching	A warm shower soothed aching muscles.
accurately	I'll attempt to relate my thoughts and feeling as accurately as possible.
acetylene	For example, ethylene, C2H4 j is formed with absorption of 16200 cal., acetylene, C 2 H 2, with absorption of 59100 cal., and liquid benzene, C 6 H 6, with absorption of 9100 cal.
achiness	Some girls notice achiness in the lower abdomen or a light stain in their underwear and get a sense that menstruation is about to begin.
achlamydeous	Sometimes both are absent, when the flower is achlamydeous, or naked, as in willow.
achievable	Alex had made the horse ranch dream an achievable dream now.
achiever	The club recognized Suzy for being a high achiever in cookie sales.
achilles	If she got desperate enough, that desire might become her husband's Achilles Heel.
achromatic	This was applied to an excellent achromatic telescope of 34 in.
achondroplasia	Scenario 2 The patientÃ¢s story ClinicianÃ¢s response Mrs C is concerned about her son who has achondroplasia.
acid	The acid, when distilled slowly, is decomposed and yields a and 0-angelica lactones.
achromatism	He concluded that there could be no refraction without dispersion, and hence that achromatism was impossible of attainment.
achy	She struggled into a sitting position, her neck achy from her spot sleeping on the floor before the fire.
acicular	The difference between schists and gneisses is mainly that the latter have less highly developed foliation; they also, as a rule, are more coarse grained, and contain far more quartz and felspar, two minerals which rarely assume platy or acicular forms, and hence do not lead to the production of a fissile character in the rocks in which they are important constituents.
acidic	The whole of the upper part of the cone consists of grey highly acidic lava.
acidification	The decrease took so long because the free calcium carbonate in the soil was also dissolved by the acidification.
acidosis	One of the most common causes of metabolic acidosis is an overdose of aspirin.
acidity	It tends to destroy insects and weeds, and gets rid of acidity of the soil.
acknowledge	Jessi didn't acknowledge him at all.
acknowledgment	Gerald nodded an acknowledgment to Alex and then his troubled gaze fell on Carmen.
acme	The succeeding century Brought the Empire to the acme of its power, until Henry III.
acidulated	The mucilage must be acidulated with hydrochloric acid before dialysing, to set free the gummic acid.
acknowledgement	Rather, it is an acknowledgement of progress made.
acolyte	When the pope rode in procession to the station an acolyte, on foot, preceded him, bearing the holy chrism; and at the church seven regionary acolytes with candles went before him in the procession to the altar, while two others, bearing the vessel that contained a pre-consecrated Host, presented it for his adoration.
acnode	The centre is a conjugate point (or acnode) and the curve resembles fig.
acoustic	Its acoustic properties are said to be almost perfect, and it has been named the Auditorium.
aconite	There is one condition of the heart itself in which aconite is sometimes useful.
acorn	If we plant an acorn in the ground, an oak tree will grow.
acquaintance	He's not a casual acquaintance whom you barely know.
acoustically	The entire ceiling area was faced with acoustically absorbent material.
acquainted	We are acquainted with a mere pellicle of the globe on which we live.
acquiescence	It is true that silence does not necessarily mean acquiescence.
acquaint	Acquaint thyself with a physician before thou have need of him.
acquire	We meet at very short intervals, not having had time to acquire any new value for each other.
acoustical	Such curves are often traced mechanically in acoustical and other experiments.
acquisitive	From here however, the company became increasingly acquisitive and ambitious.
acoustics	A large bare floor is undoubtedly bad for acoustics, for when a room is filled by an audience the hearing is much improved.
acquiesce	He will acquiesce simply because he is a sick man.
acne	Excessive sweating or being in a humid climate can cause acne to flare up.
acquittal	The jury quickly agreed on a verdict of not guilty, and the acquittal was greeted by the populace with shouts of triumph.
acquirement	Though an acquired or superimposed character is not transmitted to offspring as the consequence of the action of the external agencies which determine the acquirement, yet the tendency to react to such agencies possessed by the parent is transmitted and may be increased and largely developed by survival, if the character developed by the reaction is valuable.
acrid	The acrid smell of cigarette ashes burned her nose and brought tears to her eyes.
acrimonious	We need to defuse this increasingly acrimonious situation.
acquit	Those who blame Bacon must acquit Essex of all wrong-doing.
acrimony	You were saved out of it and became the object of their acrimony.
acquisition	There are several reasons for the unsatisfactory financial results apart from the high price paid for the acquisition of the telegraphs.
acrobat	When five years old he was sent to the Ecole de Gymnase at Lyons and, after six months' training as an acrobat, made his first public appearance as The Little Wonder.
acrobatic	Fred Vokes was a man of real inventiveness as well as rare acrobatic skill.
acrobatics	The prince still has his signature acrobatics and more lifelike physical limitations.
acreage	The rye crop was 148,000 bushels, and the acreage 11,000.
acre	The chief wheat lands are in Victoria, South Australia and New South Wales; the yield averages about 9 bushels to the acre; this low average is due to the endeavour of settlers on new lands to cultivate larger areas than their resources can effectively deal with; the introduction of scientific farming should almost double the yield.
acronym	The word bosu is an acronym for both sides up or both sides utilized.
acropolis	Little was known of the buildings on the Acropolis in the pre-Persian period before the great excavations of 1885-1888, which rank among the most surprising achievements of modern research.
across	Could she make it across the lava field by herself?
acrylic	It forms an addition product with acrylic ester, which on heating loses nitrogen and leaves trimethylene dicarboxylic ester.
act	He did not act as if it was bothering him.
acrostic	This book is worthy of note on account of the quaint and sarcastic humour of its numerous acrostic verses.
acromegaly	Acromegaly results when hGH is over-produced after the onset of puberty.
acting	She is acting responsibly in his behalf.
actin	The energy is used to recapture calcium and to unlink actin and myosin.
actinic	A mixture of carbon bisulphide vapour and nitric oxide burns with a very intense blue-coloured flame, which is very rich in the violet or actinic rays.
actinia	The most familiar Anthozoan is the common sea-anemone, Actinia equina, L., and it will serve, although it does not form a skeleton or corallum, as a good example of the structure of a typical Anthozoan polyp or zooid.
actinidia	They may include hardy kiwis [Actinidia spp ], and grapes [Vitis spp] .
action	This book is a call to action, not complacency.
activate	He touched the communications device to activate it.
active	It's still active but it goes to voice mail.
actionable	This ensures that the work is relevant to you and immediately actionable, fitting the demands of your organization and your customers.
activism	Coldplay is well known for their social activism, especially in fair trade campaigns, and they give 10% of their earnings to charitable causes.
actinula	If the embryo is set free as a free-swimming, so-called planula-larva, in the blastula, parenchymula, or gastrula stage, then a free actinula stage is not found; if, on the other hand, a free actinula occurs, then there is no free planula stage.
activity	Their activity is off the charts.
activist	And at the same time he was a political agitator and peace activist.
activation	She touched her palm to the activation key, and the ground battle hologram sprung up before her.
actor	He was a spectator rather than an actor on the stage of the world.
activated	She set it on top of the control panel and assessed the results, then activated the generator's artificial intelligence so it would adjust as needed to power the town.
activator	One such drug is called tissue plasminogen activator (alteplase) which is a clot-dissolving drug not yet in common use in the UK.
actualization	For moral progress consists in the actualization of what is already potentially in existence.
actually	Had anyone actually told her that or had she merely assumed it?
actuality	In actuality, it was 7 weeks.
actuate	Most existing electronic locks use power-hungry solenoids to actuate the release mechanism.
actuary	We need the advice of a qualified actuary using the projected unit method.
actuator	A stator vane actuator is an integral part of the HMU.
actualize	Since Gemini likes to keep her options open, she's very difficult to get to commit; there will need to be other stabilizing aspects in her chart for that to actualize.
actuarial	May well become actuarial value of benefits maximize private health capitation methodology quot.
acumen	Capable lawyers with business acumen are valuable to any firm.
acuity	This causes a red very painful eye, with poor visual acuity.
acute	The branches grow at a more acute angle.
acupuncturist	An alternative to that is ten years experience as a certified acupuncturist.
acuteness	He had great acuteness, but little breadth.
acupuncture	By the 17th century, veterinary acupuncture became popular in Europe.
actual	Yet even now there were no actual facts to go upon.
acutely	I have been made acutely aware of that fact since I was a child.
ada	According to their Ada (which, however, have little authority), SS.
adagio	The true Adagio of the slow movement was testing for woodwind ensemble.
adamantly	She believed adamantly in the importance of friendship.
actress	Pretend like you're an actress, like Toni.
actively	They want to ensure you are actively searching for a job.
adapt	He needed to adapt his strategies when dealing with her.
adamantine	In the Mandaean representation the sky is an ocean of water, pure and clear, but of more than adamantine solidity, upon which the stars and planets sail.
adage	As the famous adage goes The show must go on, and it did.
adaptable	The design is also highly adaptable to a variety of network transports.
adaptation	Progress is the result of adaptation, rather than reconstruction.
adamant	He became adamant on this point.
adaptability	It is a safe, steady-running and trustworthy engine, with excellent distribution of weight, and it is susceptible of a wide range of adaptability in power requirements.
add	You couldn't add wood to the fire?
adapter	To this adapter is attached a flat circular flange h.
adaptive	Exceptions to this rule, as exemplified by the cats, are due to special adaptive causes.
adb	If the ray suffers one internal reflection at D, then it is readily seen that, if DB be the path of the reflected ray, the angle ADB equals 2r, i.e.
addendum	I learned that Murphy's Law has a little known but very important addendum.
adder	Five rather common species are certainly deadly - the death adder, the brown, the black, the superb and the tiger snakes.
addax	In the extreme south, in the Sahara desert, the addax antelope is still found.
addition	In addition, all her planning and tenacity were paying off.
additional	The man had an additional distinction.
additive	The critical volume provides data which may be tested for additive relations.
addict	The kidnapper was the child's mother, a drug addict, who no longer had custody and tried to spirit her daughter away.
adam	It is the good Adam contemplating his own virtue.
address	My email address is in there, too.
ad	The ad was just a box at the paper and no phone number.
addressing	But hunger has numerous and complicated causes and can only be eliminated by addressing the chief ones.
adduce	The Jesuits themselves deny the existence of any such body, and are able to adduce the negative disproof that no provision for it is to be found in their constitutions.
addicted	I'll send you this video game I'm addicted to, Jule offered.
addiction	Xander sat, and Gerry poured them both coffee, aware of his addiction for the bitter human drink.
addressee	He gives you an addressee and stationary, all you have to do is fill it with text.
additionally	Additionally, there was a delightful backyard and three acres of land.
addictive	His mouth was hot, his flavor as addictive as his blood.
adduction	Avoiding excessive and prolonged infant hip adduction, or forcing the legs in a straight position close together for periods of time (as in swaddling) may help prevent strain on the hip joints.
adept	It's fine! answered Sidorov, who was considered an adept at French.
adductor	This columella muscle is the same thing as the muscles adhering to the shell in Patella, and the posterior adductor of Lamellibranchs.
adenitis	Standard Poodles are also subject to Granulomatous sebaceous adenitis.
adenoidectomy	Included studies were those reporting on people undergoing tonsillectomy and/or adenoidectomy, that were prospective, and had groups without concomitant illness.
adequate	We agreed the set up was adequate and thanked him for his efforts.
adenoids	Dora has had an operation and had tonsils and adenoids removed.
adhere	All drivers must adhere to speed limits.
adenoma	Calcium supplementation was associated with a modest but not significant reduction in the risk of adenoma recurrence.
adherence	I see no evidence of an increase in strict adherence to speed limits on the roads.
adherent	In theology Collier was an adherent of the High Church party, though his views were by no means orthodox.
adhesive	The parts of the surface which are not to be blasted are covered by adhesive paper.
adequacy	This adequacy of thought to things is due to the fact that the universe contains but one reality, i.e.
adequately	It cannot justly be said that the companies made large profits while neglecting to develop the services adequately, but it is true that they were not able commercially to comply with many of the demands made upon them by the public. Until speculation took place in anticipation of government purchase, the market prices of the telegraph securities were mostly below par.
adieu	She thus bids adieu to all her friends, and having previously taken the white veil, the betrothal, she now assumes the black, and for ever forswears the world and its pleasures.
adiabatic	If the substance in any state such as B were allowed to expand adiabatically (dH = o) down to the absolute zero, at which point it contains no heat and exerts no pressure, the whole of its available heat energy might theoretically be recovered in the form of external work, represented on the diagram by the whole area BAZcb under the adiabatic through the state-point B, bounded by the isometric Bb and the zero isopiestic bV.
adiantum	The genus Adiantum is a large one containing many handsome species both tropical and temperate, well known in greenhouse and hothouse cultivation.
adhesion	Many devices are used, however, to ensure the adhesion between concrete and bar being perfect.
adios	Adios slimming tablets are not suitable for children under the age of 16.
adjacent	A bird hide is situated adjacent to the lake.
adit	Either may be used for drainage of the mine workings, in which case it becomes an adit.
adiposity	Greater BMI gain in late childhood and adolescence predicts increased adult adiposity.
adipose	The human body is composed of different materials including lean mass, working organs and adipose tissue.
adjectival	Since Kant the two phrases have become purely adjectival (instead of adverbial) with a technical controversial sense, closely allied to the Aristotelian, in relation to knowledge and judgments generally.
adjective	It is important to study the various adjective forms.
adjoin	Reading and assembly rooms adjoin the pump-room.
adjudicate	It will be observed that the king does not hear the cause or adjudicate upon it.
adjoint	The adjoint determinant is the (n - I) th power of the original determinant.
adjournment	The adjournment took place on the 31st of October.
adjunct	History became the servant to literature, an adjunct to the classics.
adjudication	The real beginning of English equity is to be found in the custom of handing over to that officer, for adjudication, the complaints which were addressed to the king, praying for remedies beyond the reach of the common law.
adjourn	If these were not at hand he might adjourn the case for their production, specifying a time up to six months.
adjustable	A closely-fitting adjustable piston is provided at one end.
adjuration	We are given a final adjuration to change our attitudes in chapter twelve.
adjudicator	The adjudicator can't change the contract; he only adjudicates quarrels about the contract.
adjutant	There you will find the adjutant on duty, said the official.
adjuster	Your insurer or loss adjuster can give advice on reputable contractors / tradesmen.
adjuvant	There are therefore in most prescriptions (i) a basis or chief ingredient intended to cure (curare), (2) an adjuvant to assist its action and make it cure quickly (cito), (3) a corrective to prevent or lessen any undesirable effect (tuto), and (4) a vehicle or excipient to make it suitable for administration and pleasant to the patient (jucunde).
adjoining	This man was speaking to someone in the adjoining room.
adjustment	But the eye is tolerant of small changes in the focal adjustment which sensibly affect the scale-value.
adjusting	Some people will have a hard time adjusting to the new reality.
adjust	It didn't take long for Lisa to adjust to her new job.
administratively	In 1888 Charlottesville was chartered as a city administratively independent of the county.
admirable	He seems to have been an admirable teacher, with a great power of lucid exposition.
admirably	The bay is admirably sheltered by the land on every side but the north.
admiralty	A change at the Admiralty was imperative.
admiration	His gaze swept over her in cold admiration as he spoke.
administer	A priest can administer this sacrament.
admire	I admire the effort and sacrifice you put into it.
admirer	Alex thought he was an admirer.
administration	For purposes of local administration the provinces are divided into departments.
admissibility	A judge rapporteur will be appointed who will investigate the admissibility of the complaint and the relevant evidence.
administrative	It was not till 1865 that the administrative unity of Italy was realized.
admiring	He was merely admiring it.
admit	He needed glasses, but he wouldn't admit it.
administrator	In case of failure in the line of succession an administrator was appointed by the state.
admissible	How far, then, is such defence or explanation admissible and satisfactory?
admonish	You can admonish a selfish man.
admittance	Reverse mortgages grant homeowners admittance to the equity they have built in their homes over the years without the drain of monthly payments.
admittedly	Now this is admittedly wrong.
admonition	Dean cringed at this first admonition for his impulsive actions.
admission	Then they took their seats in the order of their admission, the men on the right and the women on the left.
adobe	Sand and loams in great variety, grading from mere sand to adobe, make up the soils of the state.
adolescence	Acne is often an unfortunate part of adolescence.
adolescent	My adolescent years were some of the worst of my life.
admixture	The general character of the forests is Burmese with an admixture of Malay types.
ado	But this arrangement was cried down as a revolutionary departure from all established precedent; and he had much ado to secure the compromise that doctrines and practical reforms should be simultaneously discussed.
adopt	She had to adopt a positive attitude.
admitted	He was admitted to the kindergarten on the sixth of April.
admiral	The legend that the admiral was a Roman Catholic has no authority.
adoptee	An adoptee herself, Joyner successfully searched for and located her birth family.
adoptable	A list of adoptable pets is available on the Animal Humane Society website.
adorable	The little girl was adorable in a Shirley Temple kind of way.
adopter	We were an early adopter and our delivery model has been based on ITIL since its early inception.
adonis	Aphrodite, charmed by his beauty, hid the infant in a box and handed him over to the care of Persephone, who afterwards refused to give him up. On an appeal being made to Zeus, he decided that Adonis should spend a third of the year with Persephone and a third with Aphrodite, the remaining third being at his own disposal.
adoration	What if she looked upon him as his mother had his father, with adoration and love?
adoring	He was rewarded with an adoring smile.
adorn	The civil virtues merely adorn the life, without elevating the soul.
adorer	It is different from the verb adorer, which means to love.
adore	Lon and the others adore him.
adorably	As a bonus, you will have an adorably dressed dog to boot.
adornment	The adornment and painting of this temple had once been very rich and varied.
adoptive	Like her adoptive mother, Destiny was mesmerized by the chocolate gaze and rich deep voice.
adp	The alliance sees Accurate's solution become complementary to ADP Wilco's Tarot and Gloss offerings.
adroit	It was the adroit way to solve the problem.
adrenalin	The Tutuki Splash is another Adrenalin pumper, plunging down the side of an erupting volcano into a jungle river.
adrift	The commander, Lieutenant William Bligh, was set adrift in the launch with part of the crew, but managed to make his way to Timor in the Malay Archipelago.
adroitly	Nevertheless a scientific character was so adroitly assumed that scientific men - some of them even ornithologists - have thence been led to believe the text had a scientific value, and that of a high class.
adrenal	Adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH)-Also called adrenocorticotropin or corticotropin, this hormone is produced by the pituitary gland to stimulate the adrenal cortex to release various corticosteroid hormones.
adroitness	As a diplomatist he displayed many brilliant qualities - adroitness in negotiation, incisiveness in argument and elegance in style.
adsorption	Physical adsorption was investigated on freshly cleaved mica surfaces.
adulation	She expressed disdain at the adulation the industry gives to beauty over talent.
adsl	I am now thinking about getting adsl modem with built-in wireless router and using wireless USB adapters for the desktop and the laptop.
adulteration	This excessive adulteration quickly worked its own cure by a decreased consumption, and the weighting in practice in 1910 is confined to moderate and safer limits.
adt	The basic primitives, the locator functions and the graph ADT definition itself do allow for any number of linked nodes.
adulterant	The seed is a common adulterant of mustard seed (Brassica) either by chance or for profit.
adulterate	To avoid giving toddlers too much sugar, adulterate their juice with water.
adulterous	Husbands of adulterous wives are advised not to remarry during the lifetime of the guilty party.
adulterer	After all, Corday had already painted him an adulterer.
adoption	Much as she wanted the baby, she felt adoption was the best choice.
adulterine	He expelled all Stephens mercenaries, took back into his hands the royal lands and castles which his predecessor had granted away, and destroyed hundreds of the adulterine castles which the barons and knights had built without leave during the years of the anarchy.
adumbration	We may first trace in outline the history of the birth of palaeontological ideas, from the time of their first adumbration.
adultery	The penalty for adultery was the loss of the eyes,.
advanced	We had no advanced warning that this was going to happen.
advantage	We took full advantage of our opportunity.
advantageously	Sea sand may be advantageously used both for propagating purposes and for mixing in composts.
adult	Who's the adult here?
advection	As an example of advection let us consider 1D advection of a constant gradient of some scalar.
advent	The advent of Thiers, his attitude towards the petition of French bishops on behalf of the pope, the recall of Senard, the French minister at Florencewho had written to congratulate Victor Emmanuel on the capture of Romeand the instructions given to his successor, the comte de Choiseul, to absent himself from Italy at the moment of the kings official entry into the new capital (2nd July 1871), together with the haste displayed in appointing a French ambassador to the Holy See, rapidly cooled the cordiality of Franco-Italian relations, and reassured Bismarck on the score of any dangerous intimacy between the two governments.
advancement	His advancement was rapid.
adulthood	To raise a child to adulthood requires your heart, energy, time, and wealth.
adventure	The adventure turned into a nightmare.
advantageous	Wealth and society encourage civilization, which is advantageous to everyone.
adventuresome	Her whimsical and adventuresome spirit puts her so much on her mettle that she makes rather a poor subject for the psychological experimenter.
advance	Consider it an advance until you get the package.
adventurous	It was adventurous, small, scattered and unstable.
adventurism	When this is combined with religious fanaticism and military adventurism, a threat is posed to global civilized norms, which we strive for.
adventist	They counsel abstemious habits, but set no time for the coming of Christ, and so are spared the perpetual disappointments that overtake the ordinary adventist.
adverb	The adverb usually follows the verb.
adventuress	But the long expected heir failed to come, and Bianca realized that if her husband were to die before her she was lost, for his family, especially his brother Cardinal Ferdinand, hated her bitterly, as an adventuress and interloper.
adversary	He knew his adversary's overall military capability.
adverse	He listened to no adverse criticism and receded before no obstacle.
adventitious	The growth of the primary root is limited; sooner or later adventitious roots develop from the axis above the radicle which they ultimately exceed in growth.
adversely	This fluid may adversely affect a child's hearing.
adversity	She met adversity in a sensible way.
advert	It is necessary here to advert to a subject much debated during recent years, viz.
adverbial	For more examples see noun phrase, adjectival phrase and adverbial phrase.
advertise	A friend of hers who is a florist asks if she can advertise on the site.
adventurer	The first to explore any portion of the mighty river was the reckless and daring adventurer Ordaz.
advertisement	This is an advertisement for Life Alert.
advertising	Then do some advertising and keep him busy.
advisable	Thomas More even found it advisable to withdraw from public life into obscurity.
advertize	The prices we advertize are based on specially negotiated airfares to be booked in a specific airline booking class.
advertiser	The first newspaper in Milwaukee, the Advertiser, began publication in 1836.
advocacy	I asked Yes, or a victim's advocacy group.
advisability	The governor, Mr Richard Pine, urged the advisability of an advance on Kumasi, but this the British government would not allow.
advocate	Be an advocate of her privacy, not her identification.
advice	The best advice I can give you is to try to relax.
advisory	Associated with him is an advisory board also appointed by the commission.
advise	He'll advise you and help you in ways I can't.
advowson	The Benefices Act 1898, however, now prohibits the grant of a lease of an advowson.
advised	The doctor advised him to apply direct to Kutuzov.
adviser	Reumont was the friend and adviser of Frederick William IV.
advisor	In exchange, I want you to choose your top advisor to send to me.
adze	Building Tools.The adze described above was used for dressing blocks of limestone.
adytum	The most famous adytum in Greece was in the temple of Apollo at Delphi.
aegis	According to this later tradition Yahweh was unknown till the days of Moses, and under the aegis of His power the Hebrew tribes were delivered from Egyptian thraldom.
aeolian	The Aeolian or Lipari Islands, a remarkable volcanic group, belong rather to Sicily than to Italy, though Stromboli, the most easterly of them, is about equidistant from Sicily and from the mainland.
aerate	They build up nutrients in the soil, make it healthier, add organic matter, help aerate the soil, and make it easier for roots to grow.
aeration	In this plant the aeration is conducted by blowing in air at the base of the condenser.
aedile	Having served in the army in Spain and Sardinia, he became curule aedile, praetor and (after an unsuccessful attempt in 117) consul in 115.
aeon	The Aeon is not an official Nokia creation.
aerie	As he was hiking up the mountaintop, Bill stopped to admire the birds resting in their aerie.
aerobatic	This was his only experience of unconsciousness during an aerobatic maneuver.
aero	When it jams, a red warning light normally comes on in the cockpit and the rear active aero also refuses to operate.
aerial	Open aerial longdistance lines have also been loaded, but not to the same extent.
aerobics	I should have been allowed to do water aerobics.
aerobatics	The chance to experience aerobatics in an open cockpit.
aerodynamic	Their egg shape allows them to be aerodynamic.
aerodrome	Darkness had come before the engineer, who had been in extreme danger, could aid in the recovery of the aerodrome.
aerobic	Anaerobic species usually require little oxygen, but aerobic species need a free supply.
aerodynamics	Road bikes also have drop bars for aerodynamics.
aeronaut	The aeroplanes are aeronaut attached to main kept in parallel plane by spar.
aeronautics	In aeronautics he succeeded in demonstrating the practicability of mechanical flight.
aeronautical	This model was on view at the exhibition of the Aeronautical Society of Great Britain, held at the Crystal Palace, FIG.
aeronautic	A paper airplane is a simple aeronautic toy.
aeroplane	Santos Dumont, after a number of successful experiments with dirigible cigarshaped gas balloons, completed an aeroplane flying machine.
aerosol	Certain venues will not allow some objects, such as aerosol sunscreen bottles, onto the premises.
aerospace	If you have a local hobby shop, it will be the best place to start your search for model airplanes, rockets, and other miniature aerospace products.
aesthetic	Maybe it was time they started paying more attention to the aesthetic value of things.
aesthetically	I want a kitchen that is both functional and aesthetically pleasing.
aesthetics	The question of aesthetics would then be formulated - What is it in things that makes them beautiful, and what is the relation of this aspect of the universe to its ultimate nature, as that is expounded in metaphysics?
aestivation	This aestivation is imbricate.
aether	Even with the particles retarding the motion of the aether, the same will be true if, to counterbalance the increased inertia, suitable forces are caused to act on the aether at all points where the inertia is altered.
aetiology	Aetiology is treated of under the heading EVOLUTION.
aesthetician	Finding a trained aesthetician isn't difficult.
afar	Dean caught her eye from afar and waved a greeting that she acknowledged.
afebrile	Steve was concerned that he might be running a temperature, but the thermometer returned an afebrile reading.
affability	The king had in his favor the prestige of the royal name, and a popularity won by his easy-going affability and his liberal gifts.
affable	Her grandfather has always been the most affable man around.
aestheticism	But Corinne is still a very remarkable exposition of a certain kind of aestheticism, while De l'Allemagne is still perhaps the most remarkable account of one country, by a native and inhabitant of another, which exists in literature.
affect	I didn't think about how it might affect you if I got hurt out there.
affectation	But there was no affectation in her assumption of a becoming bearing or in her picturesque words.
affecting	The Other didn't notice him, perhaps because of the strange issues affecting magic.
affection	Lifting her chin for his affection, she forced his lips down to hers.
affectionate	I love their affectionate ways and the eloquent wag of their tails.
affectionately	Princess Mary looked at him silently and smiled affectionately.
affective	There is a close association among social and affective abilities and cognitive, sensory, and language development.
affiance	During the forty-seven years war, when pope and emperor were respectively bidding for their affiance, and offering concessions to secure their support, the communes grew in self-reliance, strength and liberty.
affidavit	She swore an affidavit in support setting out her case.
affiliate	The universities are empowered to affiliate other academical institutions, and.women students are admitted on an equal footing with men.
affiliation	But this affiliation is hard to establish.
affine	In Cryst, a Wyckoff position W is specified by such a representative affine subspace.
affair	It is your affair, not mine.
afferent	Hence the blood returns once more to the afferent vessel through a splanchnic sinus which surrounds the stomach.
affirmative	If the answer was in the affirmative, a day was fixed for the voting in the eighth prytany.
affirmatively	Martha responded affirmatively just as Cynthia called to her from the kitchen.
affix	Did you affix a stamp?
affirm	The primitive condition of all intelligence is that the ego shall posit, affirm or be aware of itself.
afflict	There are a variety of health issues that afflict English Bulldogs.
affirmation	In no single act of affirmation of cause or substance, much less in such a primitive act, do we affirm the universality of their application.
affliction	His excellent memory helped him in his affliction.
affluent	As society becomes more affluent in cash terms, time becomes more precious.
afflatus	St Paul himself knew when he was speaking by the Spirit, and when he was not; and we too can recognize to some extent when the afflatus comes upon him.
affinity	Some people have a natural affinity with children.
affected	He was affected by cancer.
afforestation	Alfalfa, stock raising and dairying, afforestation, dry-farming and irrigation are, however, proving that the West can maintain prosperity by not relying upon ordinary agriculture.
affluence	When they won the lottery, their sudden affluence caused old friends to feel envious.
affront	To have done so would have been a mortal affront to his ally, Austria.
affray	He was present in person at an extraordinary affray in Sidney St., Mile End Road, on Jan.
aficionado	I've always been a big time press release aficionado.
aflame	Sophie creates a campfire cupcake featuring a marshmallow frosting that is momentarily set aflame.
afire	The forest to the north was afire, the dead strewn around the north and south walls.
aflatoxin	The fungus which produces aflatoxin grows on crops like maize and peanuts when they are stored for long periods in hot climates.
afoot	In a quiet country backwater, something evil is afoot.
afield	The Magan of which he was king need have been no further afield than the Oman peninsula.
afore	No, Pete spotted them afore they saw us, so we got away.
aflutter	Maybe it was the romance of Valentine's Day that turned Perry's heart aflutter for the heavily tatted Good Charlotte front man, or maybe it was the drink.
aforetime	Here the bread and wine become by consecration tenements in which the Word is reincarnated, as he aforetime dwelled in flesh.
afloat	Navy and is the oldest, technically active warship afloat.
afraid	He was not afraid of anything.
aforesaid	On the other hand, it is noteworthy that this marsupial retains in its lower jaw the so-called mylo-hyoid groove, which is found in the aforesaid Jurassic mammals.
afresh	I will teach you afresh, unless you behave better.
afghan	Afghan conqueror, was born on the 2nd of October 971.
africana	Funtumia africana furnishes a very inferior rubber, which is highly resinous.
afford	Could they afford to buy a van?
afoul	Second, if a MySpace friendship turns into something more, don't run afoul of any workplace regulations concerning dating.
afrikaans	Includes both Dutch language literature from the Netherlands and her colonies, Belgium and her colonies, France and foreign Dutch immigrant populations including Afrikaners before Afrikaans became standardised.
after	He has come after me.
aft	The forward section is built around the engine air inlet duct; the aft section is built around the engine.
afro	He had a nice big Afro of ginger hair and had a habit of wearing luminous yellow and green odd socks.
afterburner	On takeoff it rolled sharply and away from the crowd, the flickering afterburner adding to the effect.
afterbirth	The third stage is delivery of the placenta or afterbirth.
aforementioned	In spite of the aforementioned snags, life was a proverbial bucket of roses.
african	Unlike the African species, the Indian elephant charges with its trunk curled up, and consequently in silence.
aftermath	If she concentrated on the here-and-now and dealt with the aftermath later, she might survive this experience.
afternoon	Toward four o'clock in the afternoon Murat's troops were entering Moscow.
afterglow	The sun was down, the afterglow of sunset lingering on the horizon.
aftereffect	I am currently using grating and plaid stimuli to investigate the spatial frequency tuning of the motion aftereffect.
afternoons	Having spent many afternoons with him in the lab, she knew he kept only serums and instruments in the refrigerator.
aftercare	Do we have our operation in the best hospital environment and get the best aftercare?
afterward	What became of him afterward our friends never knew.
aftershock	Otherwise, I'll never get to play aftershock.
afterlife	The ancient Egyptians believed that a person had to earn the right to enter the afterlife.
aftertaste	It was far too sweet and had a bitter aftertaste.
afterthought	Betsy had referred it as an afterthought, suspecting the young girl was a runaway.
afterword	This updated edition features a new afterword, placing the book in our moment.
agape	Jessi's mouth was agape at the erotic poses Laurencio called for them to do.
age	He sold his first painting at age fifteen – something like $17,000.
aged	The prince had aged very much that year.
again	She fell asleep again when he left the room.
agave	The gathering and preparation of ixtle fibres from the agave and yucca forms another important industry, the fibre being sent to Tampico for export.
agate	This consisted of bronze swords and vases, gold jewellery with agate and other gems, bracelets, collars, a seal cylinder and two engraved gold rings, one of which, the largest known, bears a religious scene.
ageless	His Ageless Yoga DVD series features innovative asanas that incorporate the Hatha yoga method of practitioners using props to complete the poses.
against	What do you have against me?
ageism	Another issue tackled on the show is ageism.
ageing	In the construction of such an instrument it is essential that the wire should be subjected to a process of preparation or ageing, which consists in passing through it a fairly strong current, at least the maximum that it will ever have to carry, and starting and stopping this current frequently.
ager	This tribe, called Bruttii and Brittii in Latin inscriptions, and Bpirrtot on Greek coins and by Greek authors, occupied the south-western peninsula of Italy in historical times, the ager Bruttius (wrongly called Bruttium) corresponding almost exactly to the modern Calabria.
agglomerate	Recent limestones are being produced in this way and also in some places by the precipitation of calcium carbonate by sodium or ammonium carbonate which has been carried into the sea or formed by organisms. The precipitated carbonate may agglomerate on mineral or organic grains which serve as nuclei, or it may form a sheet of hard deposit on the bottom as occurs in the Red Sea, off Florida, and round many coral islands in the Pacific. Only the sand and the finest-grained sediments of the shore zone are carried outwards over the continental shelf by the tides or by the reaction-currents along the bottom set up by on-shore winds.
agenda	So, what's on the agenda today, Princess?
agglomeration	This usage, which is not found in other ancient writers, is probably due to a confusion of the Suebi with the agglomeration of peoples under their supremacy, which as we know from Strabo extended to some at least of the eastern tribes.
agency	The Internet has no central planning agency deciding what new, cool websites should be made.
agglutination	Field trials of this latex agglutination test are now required.
aggrandize	Alexander carried on a double policy, always ready to seize opportunities to aggrandize his family.
aggrandisement	His policy of imperial aggrandisement had been in progress.
aggrandizement	He believed that the jealousy of Russian aggrandizement and the dread of Russian power were absurd exaggerations.
agglutinative	Briefly considered there are six most striking proofs that the Sumerian was based on a primitive agglutinative language.
aggravate	Famine and sickness had begun to aggravate the situation.
agent	The agent followed her.
aggravating	The kings, for their part, sought protection in craft, treachery and cruelty, and only succeeded in aggravating the situation.
afterwards	Soon afterwards he entered political life.
aggression	The leaders of the national movement prepared to resist further aggression by force.
aggravation	Kris's sigh of aggravation came out as a hiss.
aggressiveness	He may experience mood swings or display aggressiveness.
aggregation	It is well known that in the vegetable kingdom the protoplasm of one cell frequently overflows into that of cells adjacent - that there is, as it were, a continuous network of protoplasm (idioplasm of Nageli) prevailing throughout vegetable tissues, rather than an aggregation of isolated units.
aggregator	To obtain this feed, users register with an aggregator or web reader that in turn will scan the sites for updates and report them accordingly.
aggressor	He seems to want to make friends now, but the two-year-old has now become the aggressor.
aghast	The whole nation listened aghast to the manifesto.
aggressively	She responded as aggressively as he.
aggrieved	When the other ten were aggrieved Jesus declared that greatness was measured by service, not by rank; and that the Son of Man had come not to be served but to serve, and to give His life to ransom many other lives.
aggro	I just got the feeling this girl was going to cause aggro.
agile	She was unafraid and sure-footed, agile, and well-disciplined.
aggregate	The libraries of the city contain an aggregate of some 300,000 volumes.
agitate	This feeling began to agitate me with a vexing, forward-reaching sense of a lack that should be filled.
agility	The men battled with speed and agility that left her breathless.
agitator	Nansen used all the arts of the agitator with extraordinary energy and success.
aging	She gazed down the hill at the aging farmstead.
aglow	Tiny teens with their eyes all aglow Know their parents won't be home tonight.
agnate	One close agnate of K lineage was living in Ankara with an Ankara wife.
agm	At the committee meeting held after the AGM Aileen Watson was elected as our vise chairperson.
agnatic	The most elementary of these groups is the maegth, the association of agnatic and cognatic relations.
agog	Trimus stood agog for a moment, his mouth sagging open.
agnosia	She was assessed in 1982 and found to have visual agnosia.
agnostic	Edward Jones became an agnostic, and art replaced religion in his life.
agitation	Peter's agitation was extreme.
agony	That level of agony was something she never wanted to go through again.
agonize	Parents-to-be often agonize over what to name their child.
agnosticism	Leslie Stephen gave this popular agnosticism its finest literary expression.
agonizingly	Unlike the nightmares, this time it was real and agonizingly slow.
agoraphobia	In adults, only about 20 percent of specific phobias go away without treatment, and agoraphobia gets worse with time if untreated.
aggressive	True to his word, he was aggressive without hurting her.
agree	We both agree that you need to get out of this place for a while.
agonizing	In that moment she faced the agonizing truth.
agreement	But he just murmured an agreement as they returned to their room.
agouti	The agouti and the armadillo are practically extinct and the only other mammals are ground squirrels, rats, a few other small rodents, and some bats.
agrarian	I crossed the mighty Missouri River, leaving agrarian Nebraska in my rear view window.
agricultural	The town has large cattle markets and an agricultural trade.
agriculturally	Saxony is one of the most fertile parts of Germany, and is agriculturally among the most advanced nations of the world.
agriculture	Agriculture is the main industry, generally combined with cattle-raising.
ago	How long ago did this happen?
agrimony	A ride was cut through the wood for a gas pipeline in 1967 and this is now dominated by hemp agrimony.
agreeably	The fruit, which has an agreeably acid flavour, is frequently eaten in the West Indies.
agriculturist	The chief was a man of great intelligence, eager to study western civilization, and an ardent agriculturist.
agreeable	You know, you were much more agreeable as a wolf.
agronomic	Basic guidelines for good agricultural practice when growing GM crops with specific agronomic traits should be encouraged.
agronomy	His eldest daughter, Sandra, is going to college to study agronomy.
ahead	I'm ahead of them!
aground	They gave us a wide berth, we were more worried they might run aground.
aha	Tyler jumped around the corner and shouted Aha! to scare his mother.
ahem	Justin began his speech by letting out an ahem to clear his throat.
ague	They both contracted ague and fever on the survey from which he died.
aid	She has no sense for first aid, either.
aide	The secretary acts as an aide to the principal.
ahoy	We've also discovered that answering the phone with a loud Ahoy there matey!
aiguille	From the Rocher des Trois Eveques the watershed runs due north for a long distance, though of the two loftiest peaks of this region one, the Aiguille de Chambeyron (11,155 ft.), is just to the west, and the other, the Monte Viso (12,609 ft.), is just to the east of the watershed.
ailing	Nestorius was already old and ailing and must have died very soon after.
ah	Ah, that is good.
ailanthus	The Cynthia moth, Attacus cynthia, is domesticated as a source of silk in certain provinces of China, where it feeds on the Ailanthus glandulosa.
aikido	I don't think I would be getting as much out of Japan if I wasn't learning aikido.
ail	The Chilean peon, however, comes from a hardy stock, and has borne ail strip of territory west of the Andes, but also a large piece of the Patagonian mainland, south of lat.
aim	My aim is perfect!
aimlessly	I felt like a zombie, being led around aimlessly.
air	The air was balmy, with a tang of the sea in it.
aileron	Any attempt to apply right aileron merely worsened this situation.
ailment	We spend more on almost any article of bodily aliment or ailment than on our mental aliment.
aimless	Robert fled from Normandy and after aimless wanderings obtained from King Philip the castle of Gerberoi, in the Beauvaisis, from which he harassed the Norman marches.
ai	The name (originally Ai i rr t) is generally derived from the nurse of Aeneas.
aids	This provision was omitted from Magna Carta, except so far as it related to aids from the citizens of London.
airbus	That would be an admission that Airbus ' strategy is seriously flawed and needs a radical about-face.
aircrew	I've always been a bit surprised by how many aircrew are unfaithful.
airfield	The mountains overlooked an expansive plain lined with encampments, an airfield, small ships, and other war arsenal.
airdrop	In the absence of an Air Force combat control team the unit receiving the airdrop resupply support is required to perform the CCT function.
airiness	In the quarrels of the priesthood under the Empire it was St Bernard, the great abbot of Clairvaux, who tried to arrest the papacy on the slippery downward path of theocracy; finally, it was in Sugers church of St Denis that French art began that struggle between light against darkness which, culminating in Notre-Dame and the SainteChapelle, was to teach the architects of the world the delight of building with airiness of effect.
airborne	The airborne bacteria infected all of the people on the trip.
airline	A few airline flights went non-smoking.
airlift	This was 45% of the total International military airlift from Turkey to Pakistan!
airliner	One was the arrival in Baghdad of a hijacked Saudi airliner in October.
airlock	Construct an airlock with thick double plastic to block off the remodeling area.
airbrush	I especially love being able to do digital airbrush.
airless	Our recent remodeling project transformed our dusty, airless basement into a colorful, inviting playroom for the children.
airing	I came out here to apologize for airing my dirty laundry on your kitchen table.
airplane	It would be the first time in an airplane for her and she wanted details of what to expect.
airmail	Item will be sent Normal airmail with Registered Mail.
airship	The airship factory is situated on Walney which is connected with the mainland by a bridge with an opening span of 120 ft.
airman	The brave airman was a 29 year old Halifax navigator with ' B ' Flight with 298 Squadron whose motto was Silent We Strike!
aircraft	This time there was no preliminary bombardment but aircraft were cooperating.
airspace	In North America, both Canadian and United States fighter jets are scrambled to welcome and escort Santa into the sovereign national airspace, and some of those jets are equipped with additional Santa Cams.
airstrip	In June 1942 the Japanese began building an airstrip on this plain.
aisle	Their leader eyed a family of five walking across the aisle towards their car.
airworthy	Over two dozen Corsairs are believed to be still airworthy, most in the United States.
ajar	She made sure the door was ajar so that she could hear what was going on inside the room.
airy	It was open and airy, bright and cheerful.
akin	For the first time in his life, he felt something akin to pity for Kris.
aix	Commercial and technical instruction is given in various institutions comprising national establishments such as the icoles nalionales professionnelles of Armentires, Vierzon, Voiron and Nantes for the education of working men; the more advanced coles darts et mtiers of Chlons, Angers, Aix, Lille and Cluny; and the Central School of Arts and Manufactures at Paris; schools depending on the communes and state in combination, e.g.
akimbo	The yard porter, his arms akimbo, stood smiling with satisfaction before the large mirror.
airtight	Diaper pail or can-Most people prefer a pail or can that has an airtight lid.
alarm	I kept thinking I could hear an alarm clock.
alar	In addition to an enormous body of new information chiefly on the shoulder girdle, the alar muscles and the nerve plexuses of birds, this work contained a critical and descriptive summary of practically the whole pre-existing literature on the structure of birds, and it is hardly necessary for the student of ornithology to refer to earlier literature at first hand.
alanine	These tissues are degraded in an orderly fashion, and release mainly alanine and glutamine into the blood.
alacrity	She rose with alacrity and moved away.
alarmist	It has fervent fans as well as many who dislike its alarmist style.
alarmingly	Later the study center's future started to look alarmingly hazy.
alabaster	The next time she opened her eyes, sunshine filtered through alabaster blinds on a hospital window.
alarming	It was always exciting in an alarming way.
airway	Both vascular and airway smooth muscles relax in response to beta adrenergic agonists via cyclic AMP.
albacore	Salmon, herring, mackerel, albacore tuna, and sardines are all high in EPA and DHA.
albeit	It was an interesting conversation, albeit one-way.
albert	When Albert died in 1260 Saxony was divided.
alb	The decree of the Congregation of Rites (May 18,1819) says nothing about apparels, but only lays down that the alb must be of white linen or hemp cloth.
albedo	The value of the geometric albedo of Mimas reported here, is definitely higher than the currently accepted value of about 0.5.
albatross	The albatross is of course the most conspicuous sea bird.
alas	Alas, I couldn't keep her long as I wished.
albanian	A large number still speak the Albanian language; many of the older men, and a considerable proportion of the women, even in the neighbourhood of Athens, are ignorant of Greek.
airport	With everything going on, Carmen didn't have time to worry about flying, but when they were all sitting at the airport, she finally had time to stew over it.
albite	In the mica-schists of this group biotite or muscovite may be the principal mineral and often both are present in varying proportions; the mica has developed from the argillaceous matter of the original rock; in addition there is always quartz and sometimes felspar (albite or oligoclase).
albinism	In the condition known as albinism there is a congenital deficiency or entire absence of pigment.
albino	It is not only among albino animals that colour factors are carried in a latent condition, but also in white flowers.
albion	The name Albion was taken by medieval writers from Pliny and Ptolemy.
albugo	In plants with multinucleate cells, such as Albugo, Peronospora and Vaucheria, it is usually a uninucleate cell differentiated by separation of the nuclei from a multinucleate cell, but in Albugo bliti it is multinucleate, and in Sphaero plea it may contain more than one nucleus.
albuminous	Seeds in which endosperm or perisperm or both exist are commonly called albuminous or endospermic, those in which neither is found are termed exalbuminous or exendospermic. These terms, extensively used by systematists, only refer, however, to the grosser features of the seed, and indicate the more or less evident.
albumen	Gallic acid does not coagulate albumen when used externally.
albuminoid	They are composed of a homogeneous proteid substance, and often contain albuminoid or proteid crystals of the same kind as those which form the pyrenoid.
albumin	The mucins and mucoids belong to this group; they are acid and contain no phosphorus; they give the albumin colour reactions but are not coagulated by heat.
alcalde	In the larger towns the alcalde shares his reponsihilities with several permanent officials called tenientes alcaldes.
alchemist	I thought that was that guy from full metal alchemist.
alchemical	As an outcome of this alchemical doctrine the process of fermentation was supposed to have a purifying and elevating effect on the bodies which had been submitted to its influence.
alcazar	Georgie Jones was killed by Diego Alcazar.
alcoholic	It crystallizes in orange-red needles and its alcoholic solution fluoresces strongly.
alchemistic	Lead unites readily with almost all other metals; hence, and on account of its being used for the extraction of (for instance) silver, its alchemistic name of saturnus.
alchemistical	Some support for this view is gained from study of the alchemistical writings of the period.
album	The group reformed in 1978 and recorded the album Octave.
alchemy	He published several pieces bearing on medicine, astrology and alchemy, and attacking the system of Paracelsus.
alcoholism	A person who has abused alcohol in the past does not necessarily have alcoholism, for example.
aldehyde	Duclaux found that acetic acid is formed in small quantities during fermentation; aldehyde has also been detected.
alcove	They knelt on a patch of dried ground in the opening of the carved alcove and examined the site.
alder	The Oregon alder is fairly common.
aldol	In 1867 Wurtz prepared neurine synthetically by the action of trimethylamine on glycol-chlorhydrin, and in 1872 he discovered aldol, pointing out its double character as at once an alcohol and an aldehyde.
alderman	An alderman must be a councillor or a person qualified to be a councillor.
ale	His diet was starting one ale early.
alert	How did you alert them?
alertness	A constant intellectual alertness is required.
alembic	Alembic Press A Fine Press creating and printing limited edition books by traditional letterpress.
alexandrine	The Poem of the Cid is but a fragment of 3744 lines, written in a barbarous style, in rugged assonant rhymes, and a rude Alexandrine measure, but it glows with the pure fire of poetry, and is full of a noble simplicity and a true epical grandeur, invaluable as a living picture of the age.
alexia	He arched a dark brow Alexia?
alfa	These central uplands of Tunisia in an uncultivated state are covered with alfa or esparto grass; but they also grow considerable amounts of cereals - wheat in the north, barley in the south.
alfalfa	Then she threw a leaf of alfalfa hay into her stall.
alfresco	It's perfect for alfresco dining or attending open air concerts.
alga	The most common type of alga that grows in swimming pools is called green algae.
algebraically	Let these projections be denoted algebraically by x1, xi,.
algebraical	Such is the basis of the algebraical or modern analytical geometry.
algebraic	For an algebraic solution the invariants must fulfil certain conditions.
algal	It may be regarded as derived from a wholly dependent sporogonium not unlike that of some of the simpler Bryophyta; the latter are assumed to have arisen from primitive Algal forms, in which, as the first step in the interpolation of the second generation in the life cycle, the fertilized ovum gave rise to a group of swarm spores, each of which developed into a new sexual plant.
alcohol	No alcohol, he reminded her.
algae	In both Algae and Fungi the latter are primarily supporting and food-conducting, and in.
algerine	One tablet records that in 1631 two Algerine pirate crews landed in Ireland, sacked Baltimore, and carried off its inhabitants to slavery; another recalls the romantic escape of Ida M'Donnell, daughter of Admiral Ulric, consulgeneral of Denmark, and wife of the British consul.
algebra	The earliest algebra consists in the solution of equations.
algorithm	Because Google keeps their algorithm a secret, no one knows exactly how PR is determined.
algol	The period of Algol, as measured by its eclipses, is subject to complex irregularities.
algorithmic	Necessary algorithmic problems are then solved by converting types to finite tree automata.
alias	He travelled under an alias; Luke Greely.
alienate	Even where we least like him we find nothing small or mean to alienate our respect from him.
alibi	Yes, I was up at the ice park when he fell, but no, there's no one to alibi me—I was off alone on the upper trail.
alight	Prior to its construction, a school bus could only pass over it empty, necessitating the children to alight, walk, and rejoin their transportation of the far side.
align	He might be awaiting the other kingdoms to align with him.
alike	They looked enough alike to be twins.
alienated	Howard had been alienated, and trusting anything with Connie was dubious.
alienation	The alienation was not, however, for long.
alignment	Change the vertical alignment in exactly the same way.
aliment	This office-bound aliment is the pest of many an overworked office-type, .. .
alimentation	Traj an's scheme for the alimentation of poor children was carried out upon a larger scale under the superintendence of a special official called praefectus alimentorum.
aligning	As much as they hate me for aligning with the Dark One, they hate you more for our father's death, Sasha had told him smugly more than once.
aligned	Hundreds, perhaps thousands, of white tents were neatly aligned outside the wall.
aline	He prepared a new edition of the monk Theophilus's celebrated treatise, Diversarum artium schedula, and for several years devoted his Saturday mornings to laboratory research with the chemist Aline Girard at the Conservatoire des Arts et Metiers, the results of which were utilized by Marcellin Berthelot in the first volume (1894) of his Chimie au moyen dge.
alien	His face looked pale and he rode with an alien stiffness.
alimony	After losing his job, he contacted his lawyer to request that his alimony payments to his ex-wife be reduced.
alive	He was alive and unconscious.
aliphatic	They are compounds which greatly resemble the mixed ethers of the aliphatic series.
aliquot	Although it did not enter into the calendar of the Greeks, and was not introduced at Rome till after the reign of Theodosius, it has been employed from time immemorial in almost all eastern countries; and as it forms neither an aliquot part of the year nor of the lunar month, those who reject the Mosaic recital will be at a loss, as Delambre remarks, to assign it to an origin having much semblance of probability.
alimentary	Before the tariff reform of 1887 manufactured articles, alimentary products and raw materials for manufacture held the principal places in the imports.
alisphenoid	The tympanic process of the alisphenoid bone of the skull is short, not covering the cavity of the tympanum, nor reaching the paroccipital process.
alizarin	Various sulphonic acids of anthraquinone are known, as well as oxy-derivatives, for the preparation and properties of which see Alizarin.
alkalinity	Thus the alkalinity serves as an index of the admixture of river water with sea-water.
alkalimetry	Chlorimetry (1824), alkalimetry (1828), and the volumetric determination of silver and chlorine (1832) were worked out by Gay Lussac; but although the advantages of the method were patent, it received recognition very slowly.
all	First of all, I wasn't the only one involved.
alkaloid	The alkaloid is obtained from an aqueous extract of tobacco by distillation with slaked lime, the distillate being acidified with oxalic acid, concentrated to a syrup and decomposed by potash.
allah	This had occurred in a moment of weakness, in order that by such a promise, which yet left Allah in his lofty position, he might gain over his fellowcountrymen.
alkane	The more branched the alkane is, the higher the octane number.
allege	They allege that the tenth Avatar has yet to occur and will be in the form of a white-winged horse (Kalki) who will destroy the earth.
alkali	This treatment with acid and alkali is usually effected by agitation with compressed air.
allantois	It is urged that the imperfect placenta of the bandicoots instead of being vestigial, may be an instance of parallelism, and that in marsupials generally the allantois failed to form a placental connexion.
allantoic	It is found in the allantoic liquid of the cow, and in the urine of sucking calves.
allegiance	If it is refuge you seek, you will only be granted it by swearing allegiance to us.
allegation	They were probably responsible for the allegation, made by a Carmelite, called Latemar, that John was conspiring against his nephew.
allegorically	Another METRODORUS1 of Lampsacus was a pupil of Anaxagoras, and one of the earliest to attempt' to interpret Homer allegorically.
allay	Elisabeth stood at the piano which did nothing to allay his anxiety.
alkaline	Soaps give an alkaline reaction and have a decided acrid taste; in a pure condition - a state never reached in practice - they have neither smell nor colour.
allegorize	The vast myth of the Ring is related in full several times in each of the three main dramas, with ruthless disregard for the otherwise magnificent dramatic effect of the whole; hosts of original dramatic and ethical ideas, with which Wagner's brain was even more fertile than his voluminous prose works would indicate, assert themselves at all points, only to be thwarted by repeated attempts to allegorize the philosophy of Schopenhauer; all efforts to read a consistent scheme, ethical or philosophical, into the result are doomed to failure; but all this matters little, so long as we have Wagner's unfailing later resources in those higher dramatic verities which present to us emotions and actions, human and divine, as things essentially complex and conflicting, inevitable as natural laws, incalculable as natural phenomena.
allegoric	From the beginning of his residence with Ludovico his combination of unprecedented mechanical ingenuity with apt allegoric invention and courtly charm and eloquence had made him the directing spirit in all court ceremonies and festivities.
allegro	The final section returns to the mood of the opening allegro with massive chords and suspensions drawing the work to its powerful conclusion.
allele	To be affected by the disease, which shows autosomal recessive inheritance, a baby must inherit a mutant allele from each parent.
allegory	It is an allegory of life itself so he needs to stick it out.
allergy	Quite a few years ago I had a dog with a very severe allergy to fleas.
alleviate	Ice chips can help alleviate this symptom.
alleged	It's alleged he uses multiple aliases.
alleyway	A criminal can use the alleyway at the back of a terrace without having to be seen, even in broad daylight.
alleviation	They include the alleviation of social hardship, reduction in access to the main methods of suicide, and specific measures for high-risk groups.
alley	You heard him say it in the alley, he said.
alligator	Of reptiles there are the alligator, and several species each of turtles, lizards and snakes.
allergen	It is claimed that these reduce the level of airborne cat allergen by about 50% .
alliteration	Frankly, I am stunned that there isn't more alliteration.
allergic	Well then, we must be delightfully allergic to each other.
allocate	How long does it take to allocate an assessor?
alliterative	Another alliterative poem in the northern dialect, of 15th-century origin, is based on the Historia de proeliis, and was edited by Skeat for the E.E.T.S.
allocution	The elder begins a fresh allocution by citing Matt.
allocation	This makes sure the allocation is valid before calling the superclass.
allogeneic	This time, fully allogeneic CBA mice with the MHC haplotype H2 k were used as transplant recipients.
alliance	Meanwhile the king had formed an alliance with Henry VII.
allograft	Twenty-eight days after intrathymic injection, the mice were transplanted with an H-2K b -positive, fully vascularised cardiac allograft.
allot	We know too little of the facts to allot blame to either of them.
allied	The early history of Italy will be found under ROME and allied headings.
allophone	However, all the features of the vector sequences may not necessarily have a common allophone clustering structures.
allow	Allow me to give you a piece of advice.
allotropic	Properties.-Sulphur exists in several allotropic modifications, but before considering these systematically we will deal with the properties of ordinary (or rhombic) sulphur.
alloy	The alloy with 12% of silicon is white, hard and brittle.
allotment	Of course she would have a weekly allotment.
allotropy	In 1845 a further contribution to the study of allotropy was made by Anton Schrotter, who investigated the transformations of yellow and red phosphorus, phenomena previously noticed by Berzelius, the inventor of the term allotropy.
allspice	Grown as a shrub or against a sunny wall it produces extraordinarily delicate, yellow, waxy flowers with the exotic aroma of allspice!
alluring	She wore no makeup but some alluring perfume made her smell like heaven.
allowable	It was agreed that lay assistants were allowable, but only in cases of necessity.
allusion	The beginning of the book has an allusion which hints at how the book ends.
allude	We can only allude to some of these points.
allure	This surprise is part of the allure of this design.
allusive	The links between the art-work and the biblical themes it seeks to explore, illustrate, and interpret, are often highly allusive.
alluvium	The northern half of the province is flat, and even marshy along the coast, and consists of a broad band of alluvium formed by the series of parallel rivers descending from the south.
alma	On the 20th the Russian army, strongly posted on the banks of the Alma, was completely defeated, and it is almost certain that, if the victory had been at once followed up, Sevastopol would have fallen.
almagest	A quarrel with George of Trebizond, the blunders in whose translation of the Almagest he had pointed out, obliged him to quit Rome precipitately in 1468.
almighty	I believe in God (the) Father almighty; II.
almanac	The Sudan Almanac is a valuable official publication.
almost	She was almost thirteen.
alms	They were privileged to ask alms throughout Scotland.
almanack	Additional help is given by a kind of Catholic Churchman's Almanack, called the Ordo Recitandi Divini Officii, published in different countries and dioceses, and giving, under every day, minute directions for proper reading.
almoner	He was successively councillor of the parlement of Grenoble, secretary to the king, almoner to Marie de' Medici, abbot of Aulnay and finally, in 1606, bishop of Sees.
almonry	On the 16th of August 1404, he signed an agreement with the prior and convent for three monks to sing daily three masses in his beautiful chantry chapel in the nave of the cathedral, while the boys of the almonry, the cathedral.
almond	Her eyes were almond shaped, the brown of the iris so dark that it was almost black.
alluvial	The alluvial lands include the river flood plains.
along	Take him along just in case.
aloe	The plant called American aloe, Agave americana, belongs to a different order, viz.
aloha	Get into the Aloha spirit by implementing some Hawaiian wedding traditions into your wedding day.
allowance	We agreed on an allowance figure and she began working in earnest.
aloft	Dean held it aloft for Fred to see.
aloud	She read the words aloud and he snorted.
aloofness	Valdemar's worst faults were a certain aloofness and taciturnity.
alopecia	Androgenic alopecia is a condition that affects about 2% of the population, resulting in total hair loss all over the body.
alpaca	A small deer and, in southern Ecuador, the llama (Auchenia) with its allied species, the alpaca, guanaco and vicuna, represent the ruminants.
alone	I spoke to her alone for twenty minutes.
alp	Toghrul was succeeded by his nephew Alp Arslan (the Great Lion), who was buried at Merv.
aloof	His aloof response made her look up.
alphabetically	The roll of states is called alphabetically, and each state, as reached in the roll, is entitled to present a candidate.
alphabetic	The tablets from Ugarit were found to have been written in an alphabetic cuneiform that might have preceded the Phoenician alphabet.
ally	You're my only true ally of any influence with the Council.
alphabetical	I could collar a dozen perps and someone'd bitch because I didn't line 'em up in alphabetical order.
alphanumeric	You will need to omit any spaces or characters which are not alphanumeric.
already	We have already seen this method work.
alpha	Therefore, coefficient alpha will be equal to zero.
also	Aside from packing, there was also decorating to be done.
alpinist	Richard Bailey is an established Highpoint instructor and an enthusiastic alpinist who has accomplished some hard routes in winter conditions.
alsatian	The Alsatian railways were reorganized and provided with a staff of German officials.
alt	To open this page, for example, you would use alt + x + ENTER.
alsace	Successful feuds with the bishops of Strassburg and Basel further augmented his wealth and his reputation; rights over various tracts of land were purchased from abbots and others; and he was also the possessor of large estates in the regions now known as Switzerland and Alsace.
alright	Alright, I've got it now.
alongside	The principal streets run alongside the river, and are lined with fine buildings.
alterative	In fact, the alterative faculty has now been discovered as well, although about this also has not written a word.
alternate	If you come under attack, you'll need an alternate identity... something similar to witness protection.
altercation	An altercation ensued.
alter	It's a tiny secret, one that may not alter much of anything.
alpine	The Alpine flora is very beautiful.
alternative	He had to make alternative arrangements.
alteration	This alteration improved the operating conditions in three ways.
alphabet	Soon after the dialect had reached its latest form, the Latin alphabet was adopted.
alternator	These currents are furnished by an alternator which transmits sine currents over the line and operates a motor at the distant end of the line, both machines running in synchronism.
altar	Her gaze went to the altar, and she shivered.
although	Although she had said the words I love you, several times, he had not uttered them.
alternation	Hence the alternation is of the type termed metagenesis.
alternating	He inserts in the primary circuit of the alternating FIG.
alternately	The castle was alternately Roundhead and Cavalier in the civil war.
altimetry	Along with all the other waves and currents it detects, altimetry also reveals invisible waves.
altimeter	Beyond basic GPS and time, this watch also includes a compass, a barometer and an altimeter.
altruism	They are capable of extreme brutality, but also show altruism.
altruist	The egoist and the altruist are both imperfect.
alto	They have alto a little Garden for Herbs, Onions, &c.
altruistic	Animals can have more altruistic behavior than humans.
alumina	Marggraf demonstrated that alumina was another constituent.
alum	Large deposits of alum occur close to the village of Bulladelah, 30 m.
alula	On the 25th of January 1887 Ras Alula attacked Saati, but was repulsed with loss.
alternatively	Alternatively you can, of course, manually adjust the size of the text with your web browser.
alumni	He was never claimed in his lifetime by either college as one of its alumni.
alumnus	Daniel Webster is just one famous alumnus.
alumnae	Anne Lonsdale was very be happy to meet alumnae of the region.
aluminous	Throughout much of the Piedmont Plateau and Mountain regions the decomposition of felspar and of other aluminous minerals has resulted in a deep soil of clay with which more or less sand is mixed.
alveoli	The respiratory bronchioles have single alveoli off their walls.
alveolar	The alveolar sound is frequent also in the languages of India, which possess both this and the dental sound.
aluminium	If phosphoric acid is absent, aluminium, chromium and ferric hydrates are precipitated.
altogether	Altogether we had great fun....
alveolus	Each tiny alveolus is surrounded by a network of capillaries that joins veins and arteries.
amalgamation	The amalgamation proceeds very slowly, as the sole extraneous heat is that of the sun.
alyssum	In the front row patches of the white arabis, the yellow alyssum, white, yellow, blue, or purple violas, and the purple aubrietia, recurring at intervals of 5 or 6 yards on a border of considerable length, carry the eye forwards and give a balanced kind of finish to the whole.
amalgamate	Alexander had planned to amalgamate the former rulers of the world with his Macedonians; but his death was followed by a Macedonian reaction.
amanita	They are beautiful objects in the autumn woods; Amanita muscaria, the fly fungus, formerly known as Agaricus muscarius, being especially remarkable by its bright red cap covered with white warts.
altitude	With increasing altitude vegetation becomes more varied and abundant, until the tree limit is reached; then follows a forest belt, which in the highest mountains is limited above by cold as it is below by aridity.
amalgam	Sodium amalgam reduces it to isobutyric acid.
amalgamated	The two companies amalgamated as the United Telephone Company Ltd.
amanuenses	An ample inherited fortune permitted him to pursue his studies undistracted by the necessity for earning a livelihood, and to maximize the results of his time and labour by the employment of amanuenses and secretaries.
always	You've always taken care of us.
amanuensis	He was educated privately, partly on account of the delicacy of his health, and partly that he might act as amanuensis to his father, who had lost his sight.
amass	It let her amass an army unlike any that had ever existed and showed her the key to victory.
amateur	It's not like I'm an amateur at this sleuthing business.
amaranth	At the lower elevations rice, maize and millets are common, wheat and barley at a somewhat higher level, and buckwheat and amaranth usually on the poorer lands, or those recently reclaimed from forest.
amaryllis	Thus, the Lent lily is Narcissus Pseudonarcissus; the African lily is Agapanthus umbellatus; the Belladonna lily is Amaryllis Belladonna (q.v.); the Jacobaea lily is Sprekelia formosissima; the Mariposa lily is Calochortus; the lily of the Incas is Alstroemeria pelegrina; St Bernard's lily is Anthericum Liliago; St Bruno's lily is Anthericum (or Paradisia) Liliastrum; the water lily is Nymphaea alba; the Arum lily is Richardia africana; and there are many others.
amateurish	At some stage a complete re-design will need to be done as I feel that it still looks a bit amateurish.
amaze	I amaze myself with my cleverness.
amazing	It was amazing how a person could change.
amatory	Another trustworthy source for designer watch replicas is Amatory.
amazon	It is noteworthy, also, for the large number of species having arboreal habits, the density and extent of the Amazon forests favouring their development rather than the development of those of terrestrial habits.
amazement	To her amazement, the cat's head appeared.
ambassador	He was ambassador to France from 1909 to 1912.
amaurosis	Leber congenital amaurosis (LCA) is an inherited disease which usually causes total blindness from birth.
ambassadorial	Acting as a bedcover is a Mortlake tapestry sumpter cloth, which was woven for Ralph Montagu 's ambassadorial processions to Versailles.
ambiance	The restaurant's ambiance is peaceful and unhurried.
aluminum	They used to call aluminum siding salesmen 'tin men.'
ambassadress	Her first child, a boy, was born the week before Necker finally left France in unpopularity and disgrace; and the increasing disturbances of the Revolution made her privileges as ambassadress very important safeguards.
amazonian	Tertiary beds cover a considerable area, especially in the Amazonian depression.
ambidextrous	He was ambidextrous because he could use his left hand as well as his right hand.
ambience	Cool colors - blues, greens, and soft purples - give a room a relaxed and calm ambience.
ambergris	The boundary with British Honduras was determined by a treaty of 1893 and is formed in great part by the Hondo river down to the head of Chetumal Bay, and thence through that bay to the Boca Bacalar Chicathe channel separating Yucatan from Ambergris Cay.
amazingly	They say she is amazingly beautiful.
ambient	Bridget's excellent diction was just loud enough to create an ambient echo which rather suited her careful English tones.
ambiguity	Their actions showed moral ambiguity.
ambition	My ambition is far different than yours.
ambitious	She was ambitious, driven by her need for power.
ambiguously	I dislike my boss's ambiguously worded emails because they require me to ask for clarification before taking action.
ambiguous	Her songs are intentionally ambiguous.
ambit	The Trade Marks Act 1994 has widened the ambit of protection significantly.
amble	My ideal date is a picnic followed by a peaceful riverside amble.
ambivalent	Frank was ambivalent about his breakup with Jane.
ambitiously	Ambitiously volunteering to lead the company's strategic planning committee put Margaret in line for a promotion.
ambivalence	He felt an ambivalence about the nature of the inmates.
ambrosia	He tasted only ambrosia, sweet beyond imagination.
amber	The liquid was a light amber color and had bubbles in it.
amblyopic	Because the brain cannot fuse the two images, the brain suppresses the blurrier image, causing the eye to become amblyopic.
ambulance	Somewhere a few blocks away, an ambulance wailed.
ambulatory	After he was completely healed, Bill was able to be ambulatory again and leave the hospital.
amblyopia	She is currently writing up her thesis on the feasibility of using virtual reality to treat amblyopia.
ambulacra	Spencer to have had in its ambulacra an inner as well as an outer series of plates.
ambuscade	Misfortunes here increased upon him, until he fell into an ambuscade and was mortally wounded.
amd	No other hand could have ventured to render the hair and beard of a sitter, as it was the habit of this inveterate linearist to do, not by indication of masses, but by means of an infinity of single lines swept, with a miraculous certainty and fineness of touch, in the richest amd most intricate of decorative curves.
ameba	An ameba, however, does not feed entirely on plants it is also carnivorous feeding on tiny ciliates.
ambush	He sensed the ambush long before it came.
amenable	He was amenable to change.
ameliorate	He wanted to ameliorate the present suffering.
amend	Bills may originate in either house, and either house may amend the bills of the other house.
amelioration	It would be fully as true to facts to describe this religion as a vast scheme for the amelioration of the condition of humanity.
amen	And let all the people say Amen, Hallelujah.
amenity	The Skyline Hotel offers another unique amenity.
amends	I will make amends for my behavior.
ament	Record execs asked the remaining members of Mother Love Bone, Jeff Ament and Stone Gossard to record the album with a different lead singer, to which the gentlemen replied, No.
amenorrhea	Primary amenorrhea is not having started menstruation by the age of 16, even tho other signs of puberty are present.
amercement	When a person who was accused of any crime was not forthcoming, inquiry was made whether he was in frankpledge; if he were not, and had no right of exemption, the township was amerced, but if he were in a tithing,-then it was upon the tithing that the amercement fell.
americanism	It might be called English Traits and American Confessions, for nowhere does Emerson's Americanism come out more strongly.
amendment	The government were defeated on an amendment in committee, and thereupon resigned.
americana	The chief trees of the country are the aspen (Populus tremuloides), the ash-leaved maple (Negundo aceroides), oak (Quercus alba), elm (Ulmus Americana), and many varieties of willow.
amethystine	Veins of amethystine quartz are apt to lose their colour on the exposed outcrop.
amiable	She had an amiable personality, always ready with a kind word and a smile.
amethyst	Amethyst is the birthstone for February.
amiability	His talents and amiability soon won him great popularity, especially among the peasants.
amicably	We chatted amicably around the oak table, laughing at each other's stories.
american	I'm an American; we don't have masters.
amiably	They chatted amiably about a variety of things.
amice	Hence they were known in England as grey amices (from the ordinary colour of the fur), to distinguish them from the liturgical amice.
amid	He came down the steps amid a flurry of activity.
amicable	The pair 6232 and 6368 are amicable, but they cannot be derived from this formula.
amide	Wohl forms the oxime and converts it into an acetylated nitrile by means of acetic anhydride and sodium acetate; ammoniacal silver nitrate solution removes hydrocyanic acid and the resulting acetate is hydrolysed by acting with ammonia to form an amide, which is finally decomposed with sulphuric acid.
amidships	In Sweden the few farms of the Swedes who inhabit the region are on the lake shores, and the traveller must be rowed from one to another in the typical boats of the district, pointed at bow and stern, unusually low amidships, and propelled by short sculls or paddles.
amigo	If you are telling us Spanish property is a surefire investment for the next five years, mucho suerte mi amigo.
amiga	Celebrities and their Amiga In a recent issue of Amiga Active, Jason Compton bemoaned the absence of celebrity endorsements to promote the Amiga.
amine	It has to some extent the character of a secondary amine; the hydrogen of the imino group can be replaced by potassium.
amidst	I stood amidst the familiar instruments, wondering where to begin.
amiss	He sensed much more amiss than Gabriel would ever admit.
ammeter	The capacity of the condenser is then altered until the maximum current, as indicated by a hot wire ammeter, is produced in the circuit.
amir	But it was finally by the treachery of one of Yagi-sian's commanders, the amir Firuz, that Bohemund was able to effect its capture.
amity	Not long after the return of the pope the amity between the Vatican and the Tuileries was again broken.
ammo	I'll give you as much ammo as you need.
ammoniacal	Ammonia, recognizable by its odour and alkaline reaction, indicates ammoniacal salts or cyanides containing water.
amnesia	She'd been terrified since being told she had amnesia, but she'd stayed strong.
ammoniac	Heating spirits of hartshorn, he was able to collect alkaline air (gaseous ammonia), again because he was using mercury in his pneumatic trough; then, trying what would happen if he passed electric sparks through the gas, he decomposed it into nitrogen and hydrogen, and having a notion that mixed with hydrochloric acid gas it would produce a neutral air, perhaps much the same as common air, he synthesized sal ammoniac. Dephlogisticated air (oxygen) he prepared in August 1774 by heating red oxide of mercury with a burning-glass, and he found that in it a candle burnt with a remarkably vigorous flame and mice lived well.
ammonite	Among the Hebrews, Yahweh, some of whose features associate him with thunder, lightning and storm, and with the gifts of the earth, has now become the national god, like the Moabite Chemosh or the Ammonite Milcolm.
america	In America, the proceeds went to The Red Cross.
amnia	Omitting this factor in 1 Frisch's Kepleri opera amnia, ii.
amnesiac	Stuff happens, and Calintz finds an amnesiac girl by the name of Reith, and of course their chance meeting sets off a chain of events that will impact the entire world.
ammonium	They may be prepared by the dry distillation of the ammonium salts.
amnion	Kowalevsky or a bug is invaginated into the yolk at the head end, the portion of (1871 and 1887) on the embryology of the water-beetle Hydrophilus the blastoderm necessarily pushed in with it forming the amnion.
amniocentesis	If these scans give more cause for concern you may be given counseling and be offered an amniocentesis.
ammunition	The fortress is now used as an ammunition depot.
ammonia	Berthollet in 1788 by acting with ammonia on precipitated silver oxide.
amoeba	The game starts out with a simple single-celled organism, not unlike an amoeba.
amniotic	The extensive conjunctival defect, involving one-half of the bulbar conjunctiva, was reconstructed with an amniotic membrane allograft.
amongst	For twenty-two years I have lived amongst these pollarded trees, these rutty roads, beside these tangled thickets and streams along whose banks only children and sheep can pass.
amoebae	The exception are some free-living amoebae that normally live and replicate in the environment but under certain circumstances can infect man.
amoebic	Clinically, dysentery manifests itself with varying degrees of intensity, and it is often impossible without microscopical examination to determine between the amoebic and bacillary forms. In well-marked cases the following are the chief symptoms. The attack is commonly preceded by certain premonitory indications in the form of general illness, loss of appetite, and some amount of diarrhoea, which gradually increases in severity, and is accompanied with griping pains in the abdomen (tormina).
amnesty	Charles granted the city a full amnesty, and confirmed its liberties and privileges.
amok	The children were running amok when their teacher stepped away from the classroom.
amoral	Lando, amoral but not evil, escapes the Imperials with Leia in the Millenium Falcon.
amorous	I was getting amorous with my now ex in her bedroom.
amorphous	It is a brownish amorphous solid, which is insoluble in water.
amoeboid	The spermatozoa differ from those of other animals in having the form of cells which sometimes perform amoeboid movements.
amontillado	After five to eight years it may become an amontillado, and if it is left in cask and allowed to develop, it will, after it attains an age of nine to fourteen years, become an oloroso, and still later it may become a secco.
amortization	Here, individuals learn how amortization spreadsheets work.
amount	It makes a certain amount of sense.
amour	He was, according to the `story (told by Jacqueline herself), restored to favour owing to the good acting and graceful appearance of his daughter Jacqueline in a representation of Scudery's Amour tyrannique before Richelieu.
amperemeter	An observation is then taken of the reading of the amperemeter and of the fall of resistance down the low resistance when a certain steady current is passing through the strip and amperemeter.
ampersand	To use Procep Editor instructions after THEN they must be preceded by an ampersand.
ampere	The application of this to telegraphic purposes was suggested by Laplace and taken up by Ampere, and afterwards by Triboaillet and by Schilling, whose work forms the foundation of much of modern telegraphy.
amperage	Use function relays to conduct high amperage or alternate voltage currents.
amphibian	An amphibian is an animal that can live on land or in water.
amphetamine	Effects The effect of taking amphetamine is like a huge adrenaline rush, only much more intense.
amortize	You'll probably wear it longer, and if you amortize the cost over the extra years you avoid buying a new suit, you just might wind up saving money in the long run.
amphibious	The fact that the semi-wild tribes, which are ethnologically Malayan and distinct from the aboriginal Semang and Sakai, are met with almost invariably in the neighbourhood of the coast would seem to indicate that they reached the peninsula by a sea, not by a land route, a supposition which is strengthened by their almost amphibious habits.
amphibia	Sir Richard Owen, in his work on The Anatomy of Vertebrates, followed Latreille in dividing the Vertebrata into Haematotherma and Haematocrya, and adopted Leuckart's term of Dipnoa for the Amphibia.
among	The bees were buzzing among the flowers.
amphictyonic	Thus their influence at Delphi was restricted to the possession of two votes in the Amphictyonic Council.
amphictyony	Under the dominion of the Roman republic its national league was dissolved, but was revived by Augustus, who also restored to Phocis the votes in the Delphic Amphictyony which it had lost in 346 and enrolled it in the new Achaean synod.
amphipod	Another affects the amphipod 's main swimming muscle, inhibiting its ability to move.
amphipoda	Their appearance in the air-breathing Arachnids does not separate those forms from the water-breathing Arachnids which are devoid of them, any more than does their appearance in certain Amphipoda separate those Crustaceans from the other members of the class.
amphioxus	In accordance with this view there would be also some probability in favour of regarding the collar nerve-tube of the Enteropneusta as the equivalent of the cerebral vesicle only of Amphioxus and the Ascidian tadpole, and also of the primary forebrain of vertebrates.
amphitryon	See Winter, Alkmene and Amphitryon (1876).
amphora	In some places you can see ancient amphora littering the seabed, in others long submerged cities sleeping beneath the waves.
amphitheatre	Although he was not successful in his attempt to recover Narbonne (737), he destroyed the fortresses of Agde, Beziers and Maguelonne, and set fire to the amphitheatre at Nimes.
amplify	If you already have a large amount of productivity, technology will amplify it.
amplitude	In both cases the amplitude of the oscillations decreases more or less rapidly.
amphorae	The primitive vessels which have been found in Egypt are small in size and consist of columnar stibium jars, flattened bottles and amphorae, all decorated with zigzag lines, tiny wide-mouthed vases on feet and minute jugs.
amplifier	The amplifier is the device that will supply power to your speakers.
amplification	Practically it was an amplification of the March Laws of 1848.
ampulla	The sphincter of Oddi surrounds the ampulla and prevents reflux of duodenal contents into the pancreatic duct.
amputate	They don't behead people, or amputate hands, or stone adulterers just for the fun of it.
amputee	For a double amputee it is even more remarkable.
amusement	Damian heard the amusement in his voice.
amuck	Drunkenness is rare, but they are passionate, and running amuck is frequent among them.
amply	I dear say I'm amply protected.
amusingly	There he continued the struggle for his side in a humorous work, in which the partisans of the council are amusingly taken to task by the demon Leviathan.
amulet	If you take the amulet, no pain, guaranteed.
ample	I've left ample stores of food and water for you.
amputation	Quick amputation of the finger is the best remedy of all if a large snake has bitten it.
amyloid	Quite likely the amyloid may be a combination of the substance with a proteid.
amusing	It was sweet and amusing by turns.
amuse	You do amuse me.
amylase	In the mouth, cooked starch is broken down to a disaccharide by amylase, an enzyme in the saliva.
amyl	The higher alcohols such as propyl, isobutyl, amyl, capryl, oenanthyl and caproyl, have been identified; and the amount of these vary according to the different conditions of the fermentation.
an	He has been here about an hour.
ana	The public buildings include the cathedral (1760), the government palace, the municipal palace, the episcopal palace, the church of Santa Ana, a national theatre, a school of arts and trades, a foreign hospital, the former administration building of the Canal Company, Santo Tomas Hospital, the pesthouse of Punta Mala and various asylums. The houses are mostly of stone, with red tile roofs, two or three storeys high, built in the Spanish style around central patios, or courts, and with balconies projecting far over the narrow streets; in such houses the lowest floor is often rented to a poorer family.
anabaptist	His first duty was to examine the Anabaptist prisoners in the Tower.
anabolic	Class C drugs, which include anabolic steroids and cannabis, carry a two-year sentence with 14 years for supply.
anachronistic	It's finished, he exclaims before embarking on a lengthy rant about how anachronistic the medium seems in the digital age.
anabaptism	The work upholds the doctrine of resistance, but affirms that resistance must come from properly constituted authorities and objects to anything which savours of anabaptism or other extreme views.
anabolism	Androstenedione does not stimulate muscle protein anabolism in young healthy men.
anacreontic	Behrisch, a genial, original comrade, he learned the art of writing those light Anacreontic lyrics which harmonized with the tone of polite Leipzig society.
anachronism	The Lodge remained an anachronism, and was allowed to decline.
anaconda	In 1905 the value of the products of the factories of Anaconda and Great Falls was 63.5% of that for the entire state.
anaemia	In the 6th century Alexander of Tralles used colchicum for gout, iron for anaemia, and rhubarb in liver weakness and dysentery.
anaerobically	Grow the plants, cut them down, anaerobically digest them to produce methane and good quality compost.
anaerobic	Anaerobic species usually require little oxygen, but aerobic species need a free supply.
anaesthesia	When a solution of the strength of about i in zo is applied to the skin it produces a local anaesthesia which lasts for many hours.
anaesthetic	For the action and use of chloroform as an anaesthetic, see Anaesthesia.
anagram	You may have to solve an anagram, a jigsaw puzzle, or a tile-matching game.
analgesic	Radium is analgesic and bactericidal in its action.
analgesia	This is done by teaching the patient how to produce analgesia in their hand.
analogue	Digital watches differ from analogue watches by the way that they display the time.
analecta	Mobius in his Analecta norroena (2nd ed., 1877); at the same time he gave it in German in Dr Hommel's Aethiopic publication.
analog	However, if you aren't going to be using your monitor around a television, computer, microwave, or basically anything electrical and tricky, you can save significant money with a simple analog monitor.
analogical	For Philo lays stress upon the weakness of the analogical argument, points out that the demand for an ultimate cause is no more satisfied by thought than by nature itself, shows that the argument from design cannot warrant the inference of a perfect or infinite or even of a single deity, and finally, carrying out his principles to the full extent, maintains that, as we have no experience of the origin of the world, no argument from experience can carry us to its origin, and that the apparent marks of design in the structure of animals are only results from the conditions of their actual existence.
analyse	He followed this professor to learn how to analyse certain minerals, but in the end he found that the teacher himself was ignorant of the process.
analyses	Analyses of this character would appear to indicate the permanent productive capacity of the soil rather than its immediate power of growing a crop.
analogously	Thallous bromide, TIBr, is a light yellow crystalline powder; it is formed analogously to the chloride.
analytic	Analytic This is the analytical expression of the projective Geometry.
analytics	Several real world applications of text analytics will be presented.
analyser	This latter process is termed analysation, and an instrument is called a polarizer or an analyser according as it is used for the first or the second of these purposes.
analogous	Analogous colors are easy on the eyes and make your projects beautiful.
analyze	The goal is to analyze more data, from a wider variety of sources, in a shorter amount of time.
analogy	He didn't welcome the analogy.
anamnesis	For example, conducting an anamnesis and establishing a DSM-IV diagnosis are worked with.
analytically	Failing analytically to probe its nature, historically we seek relief to our perplexities by tracing its origin..
analyst	I'm an analyst and skilled technician.
analyzer	We also used a spectrum analyzer to show the coloration.
ananas	Ananas Reinette - Originating in the Netherlands in the early 1800s, this apple is sweet with a pineapple flavor.
analytical	The complete analytical treatment was first given by Leonhard Euler.
analysis	After careful analysis, he decided not to go.
anaphora	We use the type system and our treatment of generalized quantifiers in natural language to construct a type-theoretic approach to pronominal anaphora and ellipsis.
anaphoric	Frequently, such methods are based on Centering Theory, which deals with the resolution of anaphoric pronouns.
anaphylaxis	Individuals receiving all shots will be monitored closely following each shot because of the small risk of anaphylaxis, a condition that can result in difficulty breathing and a sharp drop in blood pressure.
anaplasia	Patients with the favorable type of cell have a long-term survival rate of 93 percent, whereas those with anaplasia have a long-term survival rate of 43 percent and those with the sarcoma form have a survival rate of 36 percent.
anaphylactic	Anaphylactic shock, however, is a much more serious reaction, which can cause swelling, circulatory collapse and even heart failure.
anarchical	From 1606 indeed to 1610 Poland was in an anarchical condition.
anarchic	It was a great subversion of traditional pageantry through anarchic carnival.
anarchistic	This is the reason why electricity pylon number collecting has gained such a reputation for anarchistic or radical subversion.
anarchist	In July 1900 he was assassinated by an anarchist at Monza.
anarchism	Nothing can be clearer or more frank and comprehensive in its destructiveness than the revolutionary anarchism of Bakunin.
anarchy	This is simply bringing anarchy into the army, and flinging victory away.
anasarca	In anasarca the tissues which suffer most are those which are peculiarly lax, such as the lower eyelids, the scrotum, and the backs of the hands and feet.
anastomose	Lastly, towards the caudal region the right and left strands approach and anastomose, eventually coalescing in the mid line.
anastomosis	In some cases each pleural ganglion is connected with the opposite branch of the visceral commissure by anastomosis with the pallial nerve, a condition which is called dialyneury; or there may be a direct connective from the pleural ganglion to the visceral ganglion of the opposite side, which is called zygoneury.
anatase	The commonest titanium mineral is rutile or titanium dioxide, T102; anatase and brookite are crystalline allotropes.
anastomotic	Because of its effect on increasing blood flow to the gut, spinal anesthesia reduces the incidence of anastomotic dehiscence.
anathema	The amount of money spent at general elections seems a complete anathema to most people.
anathematize	Science fiction fandom is notably laissez faire on social issues, and many a sci-fi discussion on Card has degenerated into whether or not you can support, by your purchase of his books, a writer whose beliefs many anathematize.
anatolian	The town has a station on the Anatolian railway, about 60 m.
anatomical	When a series of the modifications of an anatomical structure has been sufficiently examined, it is frequently possible to decide that one particular condition is primitive, ancestral or central, and that the other conditions have been derived from it.
anatomically	This plant may be regarded as anatomically the most primitive of the Medulloseae.
ancestor	It was their ancestor who wrote the letters I've got!
anatomist	To the anatomist the roughnesses of the palm are of considerable interest.
anatto	The best known of these are sarsaparilla, ipecacuanha, cinchona, jaborandi and copaiba; vanilla, tonka beans and cloves; Brazil-wood and anatto (Bixa orellana); india-rubber and balata.
anchor	You'd just loop your line through a set up or a fixed anchor and rappel down.
ancestress	She was regarded as the ancestress of the Heracleidae, and worshipped at Thebes and Athens.
ance	Hodeda is the only port of any import ance since the days of steamships began; the other ports, Mokha, aohaia and Kanfuda merely share in the coasting trade.
anatomy	These look like something a college anatomy class used—last week.
ancestrally	The atrophy and total disappearance of ancestrally well-marked somites fre FIG.
anchored	Smiling, he anchored it with the magnet.
ancient	It looked ancient, and he opened it carefully.
anchorite	It contains four monasteries, the remains of the famous anchorite settlement of Nitriae.
ancestry	Some of these tribes show traces of Malay ancestry.
anchovy	Cod, bream, tunny and anchovy are the principal fish taken.
anchorage	The Pescadore lalands afford the best anchorage in this part of Japan.
anciently	Though for many centuries they have thus been treated as separate compositions, we have abundant evidence that they were anciently regarded as forming but one book, and a careful examination proves that together with the book of Chronicles they constitute one single work.
ancillary	In a word this earliest art was ancillary to the chase.
and	The boy laughed cheerfully and jumped out.
ancon	Two miles inland is Ancon, in the Canal Zone, in which are the hospitals of the Isthmian Canal Commission and the largest hotel on the isthmus.
ancestral	Ancestral estate was 'strictly tied to the family.
andesite	The lavas and ashes ejected by these volcanoes consist of liparite, dacite, andesite and basalt.
andalusite	Those rocks which contain andalusite and staurolite are sometimes found in such associations as show that they are due to contact action by intrusive igneous masses.
andalusian	Traces of Christianity remained among the Kabyles till after the conquest of Granada (1492),(1492), when the influx of Andalusian Moors from Spain completed the conversion of those tribes.
androecium	The androecium and gynoecium are not present in all flowers.
androgynous	Pat is a pretty androgynous name.
androgen	The goal of treatment for CAH is to return the androgen levels to normal.
andromeda	One of the greatest curiosities was a huge skeleton brought from Joppa, said to be that of the monster to which Andromeda had been exposed.
androgyny	With the androgyny gone we dive deep into blatant homoeroticism.
anecdotal	But you still were working with the biased, anecdotal opinions of a few people not very like you.
anecdote	I'd like, if I may, to relate a small anecdote.
anecdotally	You could begin studying something you have noticed anecdotally in your own life.
anemic	My doctor says I'm always tired and out of breath because I'm anemic.
android	I've always been fascinated by robots, so I'm writing a science fiction novel that features an android as the main character.
anemometry	When coupled with sonic anemometry, fast response sensors can provide information on atmospheric fluxes, as well as gas concentrations.
anemometer	The other forms of velocity anemometer may be described as belonging to the windmill type.
anemia	He had pernicious anemia at age 49 years.
anencephaly	If this tube forms incompletely during the first few months of pregnancy, a serious, and often fatal, defect results in spina bifida or anencephaly (formation of the head without the brain).
anent	Sae awa she gaed til the glen ti spier at the wyce auld trout anent hirsell.
anemone	The anemone, the wild violet, the hepatica, and the funny little curled-up ferns all peeped out at us from beneath the brown leaves.
anesthetist	If a tourniquet is used, the insertion of an iv cannula may be achieved one handed whilst the anesthetist holds the face mask.
anesthetically	Many people find that that bubble-dome type cameras are the most anesthetically pleasing for their purposes, while others prefer spy-type cameras that are disguised as other objects.
anesthetic	In some cases, the doctor will apply a local anesthetic to the area first.
anesthesia	This practical resource is a concise guide designed to prepare veterinary technicians to administer anesthesia in animals.
aneurysm	The doctor told me my high blood pressure put me at risk of developing an aneurysm in the future.
anew	It lived to flourish anew among the Germanic tribes at the time of the great migrations.
angelic	She is an angelic being!
angel	The baby angel gave a small smile that filled her with relief.
angina	As an example may be taken the use of nitrite of amyl in angina pectoris.
angelus	At these hours a bell known as the Angelus bell is rung.
angelology	They are divided into a number of classes (kings, hypostases, forms, &c.); the proper names by which they are invoked are many, and for the most part obscure, borrowed doubtless, to some extent, from the Parsee angelology.
angelica	The book contains expressions such as daemones, angelica virtus, and purgatoria dementia, which have been thought to be derived from the Christian faith; but they are used in a heathen sense, and are explained sufficiently by the circumstance that Boetius was on intimate terms with Christians.
angiography	A special form of angiography used by eye doctors is called fluorescein angiography.
angiosperm	In function the perianth may be compared with a unilocular ovary containing a single ovule; the projecting integument, which at the time of pollination secretes a drop of liquid, serves the same purpose as the style and stigma of an angiosperm.
angle	From this angle, it's hard to tell you from the mules.
angiogenesis	Haemostatic mechanisms control blood flow by regulating platelet adherence and fibrin deposition and various haemostatic proteins have been shown to regulate angiogenesis.
angler	The spawn of the angler is very remarkable.
angiospermous	It is also probable that the various forms of the angiospermous flower, with its many specialized mechanisms for pollination, may be the result of insect-visits, the flowers becoming adapted to certain kinds of insects, and the insects having undergone corresponding modification.
anglicanism	Upon most points Anglicanism seeks for a via media of its own.
anger	I took all my frustration and anger out on you.
angled	Sofia followed him as the halls angled up and narrowed until Two had to walk through them sideways.
angling	The article Fisheries deals with the subject from the economic and commercial point of view, and Angling with the catching of fish as a sport.
anglicize	Conciliation was also tried with some success; plantation schemes were rejected in favour of an attempt to Anglicize the Irish; their chieftains were created earls and endowed with monastic lands; and so peaceful was Ireland in 1542 that the lord-deputy could send Irish kernes and gallowglasses to fight against the Scots.
anglo	Anglo concertina 4 on his own, and bandoneon accompanied by his daughter Daisy Sherlock on piano.
angry	They were angry because their plans had been discovered.
angst	Not being able to find a new job is causing me great angst.
angola	This flora extends from Ireland to the Canaries and reappears on the highlands of Angola.
anguish	A look of anguish crossed Jonny's face.
anguished	Sofia's anguished scream was still muffled.
angostura	His return to Angostura was a sort of national festival.
angstrom	His son, Knut Johan Angstrom, was born at Upsala on the 12th of January 1857, and studied at the university of that town from 1877 to 1884.
angora	Oberhasli, Pygmy, Nigerian Dwarf, Angora... that's the one everybody confuses with a sheep...
angularity	A*C*G maps are tools to describe the effect of planetary angularity upon the earth for a given moment of time.
angrily	His eyes flashed angrily and he stepped forward, reaching for her.
anglican	He was now recognized as one of the chief opponents of Clarendon and the High Anglican policy.
angulation	On top of this the last two front points have a double angulation to maintain bite when descending or traversing sideways.
anhydrite	Thus the sulphate constitutes the minerals anhydrite, alabaster, gypsum, and selenite; the carbonate occurs dissolved in most natural waters and as the minerals chalk, marble, calcite, aragonite; also in the double carbonates such as dolomite, bromlite, barytocalcite; the fluoride as fluorspar; the fluophosphate constitutes the mineral apatite; while all the more important mineral silicates contain a proportion of this element.
angular	These letters are of simple, square, angular design.
aniconic	Although images of the divinities were certainly known, the principal objects of cult in the Minoan age were of the aniconic class; in many cases these were natural objects, such as rocks and mountain peaks, with their cave sanctuaries, like those of Ida or of Dicte.
anhydride	A higher temperature decomposes this body into carbon dioxide and itaconic acid, C 5 H 6 0 4, which, again, by the expulsion of a molecule of water, yields citraconic anhydride, C 5 H 4 0 3.
animal	I went to college and studied animal husbandry.
anhydrous	The soluble salts are, when in the hydrated condition, also red, but in the anhydrous condition are blue.
animadversion	The Sophistes is apparently matter for animadversion by Aristotle in the Metaphysics and elsewhere, but derives stronger support from the testimonies to the Politicus which presumes it.
animalistic	Lucius longs for a woman to match his animalistic needs, one who could tame the beast he has become over the centuries.
animation	All Nicholas' animation vanished.
aniline	When heated with aniline it yields phenol and acetanilide.
animate	When it descends on this earth the two parts are separated and animate two different bodies.
anima	This was a natural result of acquaintance with Aristotle's De anima and the numerous Greek and Arabian commentaries upon it, and it is observable in most of the writers that have still to be mentioned.
animator	So when did you first really decide to become an animator?
animism	Demons, when they are regarded as spirits, may belong to either of the classes of spirits recognized by primitive animism; that is to say, they may be human, or non-human, separable souls, or discarnate spirits which have never inhabited a body; a sharp distinction is often drawn between these two classes, notably by the Melanesians, the West Africans and others; the Arab jinn, for example, are not reducible to modified human souls; at the same time these classes are frequently conceived as producing identical results, e.g.
animus	He shows considerable animus against John Wycliffe and the Lollards.
animatronics	A mixture of animatronics and live action was used to create believable interactions between Max and the Wild Things.
anion	If an atom gains an it is called an anion.
animistic	This animistic tendency is a marked characteristic of primitive Man in every land.
anise	Kumquat in Spiced Syrup with Cloves, Cinnamon, and Star Anise - A citrus cousin, this unexpected treat can be used in a variety of ways.
animosity	She seems to have so much animosity toward you.
aniseed	A tasty aniseed flavored herb for salads, cheese and egg dishes.
anionic	The surface charge of different types of particles depends on the pH, allowing cationic or anionic surfactants to be selectively adsorbed.
animated	That same evening there was an animated discussion among the squadron's officers in Denisov's quarters.
anisometropia	They are often associated with anisometropia and both of these conditions are thought to predispose children to developing amblyopia.
anisotropic	Isotropic etchants attack the material equally in all directions and anisotropic etchants attack the material at different rates in different directions.
ankle	I hurt my ankle and I can't walk on it.
anklet	You may even want to add an anklet or toe ring for more sparkle.
anna	He was twice married, and had several sons, of whom Eusebius held a chair of philosophy at Wittenberg, and married Melanchthon's grand-daughter, Anna Sabinus.
anisotropy	An important part of the project will be to understand how sediment diagenesis affects the anisotropy of shales.
anlage	The main arteries of the city are the Zeil, a broad street running from the Friedberger Anlage to the Rossmarkt and thence continued, by the Kaiserstrasse, through the fine new quarter built after 1872, to the magnificent principal railway station; and the Steinweg and Goethestrasse, which lead by the Bockenheimer Tor to the Bockenheimer Landstrasse, a broad boulevard intersecting the fashionable residential suburb to the N.W.
ankh	The Egyptian cross is also known as the ankh.
annalistic	The general results of the last fifty years of the first period (130 to 80) may be thus summed up. In poetry we have the satires of Lucilius, the tragedies of Accius and of a few successors among the Roman aristocracy, who thus exemplified the affinity of the Roman stage to Roman oratory; various annalistic poems intended to serve as continuations of the great poem of Ennius; minor poems of an epigrammatic and erotic character, unimportant anticipations of the Alexandrian tendency operative in the following period; works of criticism in trochaic tetrameters by Porcius Licinus and others, forming part of the critical and grammatical movement which almost from the first accompanied the creative movement in Latin literature, and which may be regarded as rude precursors of the didactic epistles that Horace devoted to literary criticism.
annelida	Ray's Insects comprised the Arachnids, Crustacea, Myriapoda and Annelida, in addition to the Hexapods.
annalist	Lastly, the annalist is a partisan.
annectent	The remaining groups are dealt with under the headings Entomostraca and Malacostraca, the annectent group Leptostraca being included in the former.
anneal	Over time, our love will anneal to unbreakable devotion.
annelidan	The large number and the uniformity of the trunk somites and their appendages, and the structure of the nervous system and of the heart in A pus, are Annelidan characters which can hardly be without significance.
annex	He occupied Ancona and seemed about to annex the Papal States outright.
annelid	This annelid propagates its kind by rising to the surface and dividing itself.
anniversary	The anniversary is celebrated.
annexe	Administratively El Wad is the capital of an annexe to the territory of Tuggurt.
annotation	Biopendium™ is the Company's proteome annotation resource, accessed by partners through commercial license.
annotate	Having something on paper makes it easier to annotate.
announcement	I'll make the announcement at dawn.
annoy	My cat likes to knock over water glasses just to annoy me.
annihilate	Did you really almost annihilate the human race?
annoyed	His voice had an annoyed edge.
annoying	He was annoying, and she wanted him to leave her alone.
announcer	What had the vote announcer in The Netherlands been drinking?
annihilation	The battle got so bad that the only way to prevent the annihilation of every being in the universe was to divide the physical and divine worlds.
annoyingly	I like the song in itself but the drum solo doesn't fit and the lead guitar part is annoyingly repetitive.
annals	Their annals were a mere compilation of facts.
annul	They wanted Dad to annul the marriage - even cut off any money for Mom.
annexation	Among those who waged the war were men who fought to compel reforms, others who fought for annexation to the United States, others who fought for independence.
annoyance	The reasons for his annoyance are now well known.
annuitant	This means the annuitant would need to be over 70 years of age given the current rate of annuity interest.
announce	I will also announce you as the supreme battle strategist.
annulate	There are other remarkable and distinctive features of structure which hold the Arthropoda together, and render it impossible to conceive of them as having a polyphyletic origin, that is to say, as having originated separately by two or three distinct lines of descent from lower animals; and, on the contrary, establish the view that they have been developed from a single line of primitive Gnathopods which arose by modification of parapodiate annulate worms not very unlike some of the existing Chaetopods.
annuity	My rehab wasn't fully covered by insurance and most of the money is in an annuity I draw each month.
annular	The radial head is held in place by a ligament called the annular ligament.
annulation	The absence of setae and the great secondary annulation render the mapping of the segments a subject of some difficulty.
annunciate	I changed the GPS settings so it will annunciate directions in Klingon.
annunciator	This particular device is manufactured with a flat-topped LED to provide excellent wide angle viewing for switchtop and annunciator illumination.
annually	The value of the ore reduced annually is about $10,000,000.
annunciation	The church of the Ognissanti has a Romanesque relief of the Annunciation over the door.
annulment	Resigning office in March 1878, he resumed the practice of law, and secured the annulment of Garibaldi's marriage.
annulus	There is, in birds, no annulus tympanicus.
anoa	The nearest allies of the anoa appear to be certain extinct buffaloes, of which the remains are found in the Siwalik Hills of northern India.
anodyne	Morphine is the greatest anodyne we possess, and no drug yet discovered equals it in pain-relieving power.
anoint	They pray over their sick and, when so requested, anoint them with oil.
anode	The chlorine escapes at the anode, the hydrogen at the cathode.
anomaly	There's an anomaly in your blood test, but you're physically healthy, Dr. Williams said with a warm smile at odds with the cold sterility of the room.
anomalistic	An Anomalistic year is the time (365 days, 6 hours, 13 minutes, 48 seconds) in which the earth (and similarly for any other planet) passes from perihelion to perihelion, or from any given value of the anomaly to the same again.
annual	I miss their annual calendar.
anonymous	They think they are anonymous on the web but I can trace them all.
anon	Ever and anon a pamphlet issued from the pen of Burke.
anomalous	The situation was an anomalous one.
anonymously	His first work, published anonymously in 1806, was entitled Sechs Dialoge fiber Krieg und Handel.
anorak	Other grad says she will buy an anorak for me.
anopheles	Besides Anopheles, two species of Culex, C. penicillaris and C. pipiens, are also accused of transmitting the larvae.
another	Let's try another one.
anonymity	We vowed to protect our own anonymity at all costs.
anorexia	In some cases, the doctor may give the patients the Eating Disorder Inventory (EDI) or a similar screening questionnaire to help determine whether the patient is at risk for developing anorexia or bulimia.
anosmia	Kallman's syndrome is a disorder of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, delayed puberty, and anosmia (the inability to smell).
ansi	However, whenever a company is considering an order of custom hats, it is important to ensure that customizations do not negatively affect safety and performance standards established by ANSI (American National Standards Institute).
answerable	The president of the republic is not answerable at law for his official acts.
anoxia	Finally, there are environmental causes following birth such as lead poisoning, anoxia, or meningitis.
antacid	Make a paste using six Tums antacid tablets and water.
antagonist	It is not easy to determine the antagonist he had in view.
answerer	The Socinians embodied their tenets in the larger and smaller works drawn up by Fausto Sozzini and Schmalz, and published at Rakow in Poland in 1605; 2 modern Unitarians have modern catechisms. The Quakers or Friends possess a kind of catechism said to have been written by George Fox in 1660, in which father and son are respectively questioner and answerer, and an interesting work by Robert Barclay, in which texts of Scripture form the replies.
ant	The ant was carrying a grain of wheat as large as itself.
anta	Of that of Hephaestus only two columns remain, while of that of Asclepius, a mile to the south of the town, an anta and two pillars are preserved.
antagonize	Never antagonize a drunk.
antagonistic	The fable appears to be antagonistic to ideas of monarchy.
antagonism	The antagonism of the opposition parties was even more pronounced.
ante	The portal led to an ante room between the attached garage and main house.
antecedently	The movement evoked from a point of cortex is not always the same; its character is determined by movements evoked from neighbouring points of cortex immediately antecedently.
antechamber	Brady glanced at it, sweating despite the cool antechamber of their secret communications point.
antecedent	We should expect the albuminous state of the seed to be an antecedent one to the exalbuminous condition, and the recent discoveries in fertilization tend to confirm this view.
antedate	He did unconsciously antedate the constitution, and it is clear from incidental allusions in his last work that he did not regard with favour the democratic changes which he thought to be impending.
antediluvian	These were the keys which unlocked the treasures of the antediluvian world for me.
antarctic	For purposes of measurement the polar boundaries are taken to be the Arctic and Antarctic circles, although in discussing the configuration and circulation it is impossible to adhere strictly to these limits.
antennae	Arms, tentacles, and antennae stretched for it.
antenatal	Antenatal tests and exams are important tools for protecting the health of a pregnant woman and her developing child.
antelope	The royal antelope is the smallest of the Bovidae.
antenniform	The single pair of palpiform appendages in front of the mouth has been found in one instance to be antenniform, whilst the numerous post-oral appendages in the same genus were bi-ramose.
antennal	The number of antennal segments varies from eleven to two.
anterior	The anterior end of body always shows some cephalization.
antenna	The detachable antenna is easy to lose and it would be better with a solid one.
answer	He put her answer down in his note book.
anteriorly	Thus, in Octochaetus multiporus a large nephridium opens anteriorly into the buccal cavity, and numerous nephridia in the same worm evacuate their contents into the rectum.
anteroom	Count Arakcheev's anteroom had quite a special character.
antheridium	The sexual reproduction shows all transitions between forms which are normally sexual, like the Peronosporaceae, to forms in which no antheridium is developed and the oospheres develop parthenogenetically.
anthelmintic	Galen is said to have invented hiera-picra, which he employed as an anthelmintic; it is still used in England as a domestic remedy.
anthocyanin	The colors of flowers are due to coloring matters contained in the sap of which the chief is anthocyanin.
anthem	This again is followed by vespers, with a special anthem; after which the altar is stripped in silence.
anther	In these cases the anther is to a greater or less degree fixed.
antherozoid	In such a case the zoogamete is male, is called an antherozoid or spermatozoid, and arises in an antheridium; the larger gamete is an oosphere and arises in an oogonium.
anthology	An anthology of New Zealand verse appeared in London in 1907.
anthozoa	If a polyp, such as Hydra, be regarded simply as a sessile actinula, we must certainly consider the polyp to be the older type, and it may be pointed out that in the Anthozoa only polyp-individuals occur.
anthracene	Phenazone is an isomer of phenazine, to which it bears the same relation that phenanthrene bears to anthracene.
anthracitic	South of the line between Galway and Dublin the coal is anthracitic, while north of this line it is bituminous.
anthracite	Anthracite coal is found in the neighbourhood.
anthrax	Observations made on this property with respect to the anthrax bacillus at first gave the hope that it might explain variations in natural immunity.
anthracnose	Anthracnose is the name usually given to a disease which was formerly known as charbon, pech or brenner.
anthony	She wrote with the rapidity of Walter Scott and the regularity of Anthony Trollope.
anthrop	Anthrop. iv., 1891; Holmes, Archaeological Studies; see Hodge's List, Bur.
anthropology	It seems as if anthropology had in this direction reached the limits of its discoveries.
anthropologically	Politically and anthropologically, however, this upper portion must be regarded as a continuation of the kingdom of Siam rather than as a section of Malaya.
anthropological	In what follows, then, we shall, indeed, venture to present a wholesale appreciation of the religious idea as it is for primitive man in general; but our account will respect the modern anthropological method that bids the student keep closely to the actualities of the religious experience of savages, as it can with reasonable accuracy be gathered from what they do and say.
anthropoid	Together with man and the baboons, the anthropoid apes form the group known to science as Catarhini, those, that is, possessing a narrow nasal septum, and are thus easily distinguishable from the flat-nosed monkeys or Platyrhini.
anthropometric	Ocular examination, anthropometric measurement and serum retinol analysis were carried out.
anthropometry	Anthropometry, however, gradually fell into disfavour, and it has been generally supplanted by the superior system of finger prints.
anthropologist	Learning how to become a good anthropologist often involves learning what questions to ask.
anthropomorphic	We can now consider the special attributes of the anthropomorphic God.
anthropomorphism	An anthropomorphism which is specifically a magomorphism renders the sacred powers increasingly one with the governing element in society, and religion assumes an ethicopolitical character, whilst correspondingly authority and law are invested with a deeper meaning.
antiaircraft	Both locations have a history of Iraqi antiaircraft artillery firing on coalition jets.
anti	Tomatoes naturally contain the anti oxidant but at lower levels.
antibiotic	They changed the antibiotic again.
antianxiety	When taking St. John's Wort orally as an antidepressant or antianxiety medication, the herb is available in caplet or tablet form.
antic	Stumbling around barefoot in his antic disposition just doesn't do justice to a delivery like his.
anticancer	This again reflects the enormous preclinical research effort dedicated to oncology, and the relatively restricted number of marketed anticancer drugs.
antichristian	At the end of the century Isaac ben Moses, called Profiat Duran (Efodi), is chiefly known as an antiChristian controversialist (letter to Me'ir Alguadez), but also wrote on grammar (Ma`aseh Efod) and a commentary on the Moreh.
anticipate	There was every reason to anticipate the success of the second.
anticipation	She closed the doors when she left the room, anticipation increasing her pulse.
anticholinergic	Specifically, it is best to avoid other drugs with anticholinergic effects.
antichrist	In the same year the Lutheran reformation took hold of him, and he began to issue appeals in prose and verse against the Mass and against the pope as antichrist.
anticlimactic	And like a lot of people, I was rather disappointed - it was almost anticlimactic.
antibody	Over time, the antibody levels in the puppy begin to fall.
anticlerical	The course of events harmonized with the anticlerical views of Talleyrand, and he gradually loosened the ties that bound him to the church.
anticlimax	It's a real anticlimax after winning an eBay auction to eventually find the item arrive in a worse state than advertised.
anticlinal	All across Ireland, from the Ballyhoura Hills on the Cork border to the southern shore of Belfast Lough, slaty and sandy Silurian beds appear in the axes of the anticlinal folds, surrounded by Old Red Sandstone scarps or Carboniferous Limestone lowlands.
anticline	Hence the anticline noses out to the north and the syncline to the south.
anticlockwise	Almost like the touch screen was rotated slightly anticlockwise !
anticipatory	Later writers interpreted this as an anticipatory crowning in preparation for his ultimate succession to the throne of Wessex.
anticoagulant	The saliva contains an anticoagulant which prevents blood clotting.
anticyclone	It was a slightly windier month than normal - with an extremely high frequency of SE'ly winds due to a persistent anticyclone over Scandinavia.
anticyclonic	In wintertime, the cyclonic and anticyclonic areas are of increased frequency and intensity; and it is partly for this reason that many meteorologists have been disposed to regard them as chiefly driven by the irregular flow of the westerly winds, rather than as due to convectional instability, which should have a maximum effect in summer.
antidiarrheal	Antidiarrheal drugs that decrease excessive secretion of fluid by the intestinal tract is another approach for some diseases.
antidepressant	You may be prescribed an antidepressant which could help you to help yourself by giving you some power to make changes in your life.
antidote	The old French oil of turpentine is the best antidote to use in phosphorus poisoning, delaying the toxic effects; but ordinary oils are not only useless but harmful.
antidiuretic	Sodium balance in the body normally is controlled by aldosterone and ADH (antidiuretic hormone ).
antifreeze	Antifreeze will lower the freezing point of a liquid.
antigen	Second, I can duplicate the DNA with some time in my lab and isolate the antigen, meaning I can make someone immune to our enemies' powers.
antigenic	Tumor antigenic peptides hold promise for the development of novel cancer immunotherapies.
antihistamine	If an antihistamine cream is not readily available in your local drug store, you can take oral antihistamines to achieve the same solution.
antihypertensive	Although tizanidine is related to the centrally acting antihypertensive clonidine, it has a relatively low incidence of systemic hypotension.
antilogarithm	In n = a P, a is the root or base, p is the index or logarithm, and n is the power or antilogarithm.
antilogarithmic	In an antilogarithmic table, the logarithms are exact quantities such as 00001, 00002, &c., and the numbers are incommensurable.
antimagnetic	The Breitling watch cases are known for their professional finish because they are made from stylish metal such as grade 2 titanium or antimagnetic stainless steel.
antimatter	The question is whether this will be enough to explain the matter antimatter asymmetry in the universe.
antimicrobial	This fatty acid has strong antifungal and antimicrobial properties.
antimonial	Silver has been discovered in all the states, either alone or in the form of sulphides, antimonial and arsenical ores, chloride, bromide,.
antimonious	The metal is soluble in solutions of chlorine, bromine, thiosulphates and cyanides; and also in solutions which generate chlorine, such as mixtures of hydrochloric acid with nitric acid, chromic acid, antimonious acid, peroxides and nitrates, and of nitric acid with a chloride.
antimony	Antimony is widely diffused throughout Australia, and is sometimes found associated with gold.
antinomian	This was an incident in a famous episode, important rather as a symptom than in itself, namely, the Antinomian controversy, New England's earliest protest against formulas, in which Vane and Ann Hutchinson took the lead in criticizing the official orthodoxy of the colony.
antipasto	One great idea for a thanksgiving appetizer is the antipasto platter.
antinomianism	He was beloved by all the preachers, and his Checks to Antinomianism show that he was a courteous controversialist.
antinomy	The transcendent employment of the categories leads to antinomy, or equally balanced statements of apparently contradictory results.
antipathetic	It is not merely that he was ambitious, cruel, revengeful and avaricious, for these vices have existed in men far less antipathetic than Guicciardini.
antiperspirant	Driclor is a strong antiperspirant used for treating hyperhidrosis (excessive sweating ).
antipathy	The traditional antipathy of the rhinoceros to the elephant seems to be mythical.
antiphonal	And after this a pervigilium, celebrated with antiphonal and joint singing on the part of men and women and with choral dancing in imitation of Moses and Miriam at the Red Sea.
antiphon	Parsons, like William Byrd a Roman Catholic, showed the influence of the psalm motet and votive antiphon in his work.
antipodes	That at Anzac, composed mainly of troops from the Antipodes, remained under Gen.
antipodal	The three cells at the opposite end are known as antipodal cells and become invested with a cell-wall.
antiphonary	Ecclesiastical tradition further ascribes to Gregory the compilation of an Antiphonary, the revision and rearrangement of the system of church music, and the foundation of the Roman schola cantorum.
antipope	Throughout the major part of his pontificate he had to reckon with the presence of the powerful antipope Clement III.
antipyretic	According to Sir Thomas Fraser nothing else can compete with alcohol as a food in desperate febrile cases, and to this use must be added its antipyretic power already explained and its action as a soporific. During its administration in febrile cases the drug must be most carefully watched, as its action may prove deleterious to the nervous system and the circulation in certain classes of patient.
antipyrin	Most of these belong to the aromatic group of bodies, although one of them, antipyrin, belongs rather to the furfurol group. Carbolic acid has an antipyretic action, but on account of its poisonous properties it cannot be employed as an antipyretic. Salicylic acid has a strong antipyretic action, and is most commonly used in the form of its sodium salt, which is much more soluble than the acid itself.
antiquity	We should be as good as the worthies of antiquity, but partly by first knowing how good they were.
antiquated	Give up the antiquated morals or the relationship.
antiquarian	There are antiquarian remains (cromlechs, stone circles and the like) at Slievemore and elsewhere.
antiquary	The Indian Antiquary was started at Bombay in 1872 and still continues.
antique	The large room contained some of the most beautiful antique furniture she had ever seen.
antiseptic	The antiseptic pine-laced air from the hallway made her nose wrinkle.
antiserum	Ideally he should have been previously vaccinated fully against tetanus but if not he can receive antiserum at the time of castration.
antispasmodic	A Spiritus Nucis Juglandis is given as an antispasmodic. It doubtless owes its properties to the alcohol which it contains.
antisocial	The car drivers were being particularly antisocial that day.
antithetic	These two views are antithetic and no solution has been discovered.
antithetical	One participant pointed out the danger of dependence on external mechanisms that are directly antithetical to the goal of peace building.
antitheses	They are also the direct antitheses to the scepticism of Montaigne and Pascal, to the materialism of Gassendi and Hobbes, and to the superstitious anthropomorphism which defaced the reawakening sciences of nature.
antitoxic	So far as bacterial immunity is concerned, the anti-serum exerts its action either on the toxin or on the bacterium itself; that is, its action is either antitoxic or anti-bacterial.
antithesis	Slavery is the antithesis of freedom.
antitrust	An antitrust law of 1907 makes it unlawful for any corporation controlling within the state the sale of 50% of an article to raise or lower the price of that article with the intention of injuring a competitor.
antitoxin	It may be stated that while in certain instances the union of toxin and antitoxin may be reversible, all the facts established cannot be explained on this simple hypothesis of reversible action.
antivenin	Fortunately, the effects of some snake bites can be counteracted with antivenin.
antivirus	Updated antivirus signatures may allow detection of this threat.
antiviral	Echinacea stimulates certain white blood cells and has antiviral, antibacterial as well as anti-inflammatory properties.
antler	The relics of bone, antler, stone, shell and copper are of yesterday.
anxiety	There was anxiety in her quiet voice.
anxious	Even so, everyone was anxious to get back home.
anxiously	She watched anxiously as he read her temperature.
any	Alex had invited her to look at his financial files any time she wanted, and yet it seemed an intrusion on his privacy.
anyhow	Well, anyhow we're going to end it.
anymore	Too tired to fight her tears anymore, she let them fall and stood shaking on the rooftop.
anyone	I don't think anyone was timing me.
anything	He does not like to do anything else.
antrum	The antrum pyloricum is small and not very distinctly marked.
anxiousness	Breathing in and out slowly for several moments will reduce his feelings of anxiousness.
anvil	When quite dry guncotton is easily detonated by a blow on an anvil or hard surface.
anyway	Well, it doesn't matter anyway, I suppose.
anywhere	We won't go anywhere near the crime scene; ever.
anyplace	Just because I haven't been anyplace else, doesn't mean that there is any place better.
aorist	The first aorist in Greek being a weak tense, i.e.
antwerp	The Lohengrin legend is localized on the Lower Rhine, and its incidents take place at Antwerp, Nijmwegen, Cologne and Mainz.
apace	The sinking sound of melting snow is heard in all dells, and the ice dissolves apace in the ponds.
aortic	The aortic trunk is very short, sends off the coronary arteries and then the left aorta brachiocephalica, while the rest divides into the right brachiocephalic and the aorta descendens.
apache	No, they were Apache.
anybody	Has anybody ever told you that you're beautiful?
anzac	His troops were entrenching themselves solidly in face of the invaders both at Helles and at Anzac, so that his antagonists would be obliged to storm lines of earthworks whenever they should attempt to make further progress.
apanage	In England the political schemings of Parsons were no small factors in the odium which fell on the Society at large; and his determination to capture the English Catholics as an apanage of the Society, to the exclusion of all else, was an object lesson to the rest of Europe of a restless ambition and lust of domination which were to find many imitators.
apartheid	The Apartheid caused there to be segregation in the schools between different races.
aorta	The dorsal vessel is prolonged anteriorly into an aorta, through which the blood is propelled into the great After Miall and Denny, The Cockroach, Lovell body-cavity or haemoReeve & Co.
apathetic	They are a light-hearted, apathetic people, little given to quarrelling or to the commission of violent crime.
apathy	How can we overcome voter apathy?
ape	The siamang (Siamanga syndactyla) is a great ape peculiar to the island.
apatite	The ultimate source of these mineral phosphates may be referred in most cases to the apatite widely distributed in crystalline rocks.
anytime	Versatile enough to use anytime including aerobics, walking, jogging or other forms of athletic workouts.
apercu	Kellett, 1901; also the lectures on Greek and Roman Catholicism in Das Wesen des Christentums, translated by Bailey Saunders, 1902; the first-named work is the most suggestive general apercu of the whole subject - though written from a.
aper	His death was variously attributed to disease, the effects of lightning, or a wound received in a campaign against the Huns; but it seems more probable that he was murdered by the soldiers, who were averse from further campaigns against Persia, at the instigation of Arrius Aper, prefect of the praetorian guard.
aperient	Their aperient action is dependent upon the minimum of irritation of the bowel, and is exercised by their abstraction from the blood of water, which passes into the bowel to act as a diluent of the salt.
aperitif	Start the evening by enjoying an aperitif beside the roaring fire in the snug lounge area.
apartment	Now that the truth was out, maybe it wouldn't be so difficult to live in the same apartment now.
apart	They tore apart the palace and your cabin.
apetalous	The flowers of Halophila are submerged and apetalous.
aphasia	It can also be sued to investigate language comprehension in adults with acquired aphasia.
aperture	From far away, the opening of the cave looked like a mere aperture in the rock wall.
apex	The rajah of Patala at the apex of the Indus delta abandoned his country and fled.
aphides	White or grey spots may be due to Peronospora, Erysiphe, Cystopus, Entyloma and other Fungi, the mycelium of which will be detected in the discoloured area; or they may be scale insects, or the results of punctures by Red-spider, &c. Yellow spots, and especially bright orange spots, commonly indicate Rust Fungi or other Uredineae; but Phyllosticta, Exoascus, Clasterosporium, Synchytrium, &c., also induce similar symptoms. Certain Aphides, Red-spider, Phylloxera and other insects also betray their presence by such spots.
aphorism	He often begins an aphorism with a quoted passage.
aphis	An example of the latter is seen in the hop aphis FIG.
aphrodisiac	Not only is it soothing to the mind, body and soul, it's also considered an aphrodisiac!
api	Apple says this application was banned because it used a non-public API.
aphoristic	His works are very clear in style, though aphoristic rather than systematic in the treatment of subjects.
apiary	Having made himself proficient in practical bee-work and chosen a suitable location for his apiary, the bee-keeper should carefully select the particular type of hive most suited to his means and requirements.
apiarist	It may also be claimed for the honey extractor that it does away with the objection entertained by many persons to the use of honey, by enabling the apiarist to remove his produce from the honey-combs in its purest form untainted by crushed brood and untouched by hand.
apices	Some amongst them (Tergipes, Eolis) are also remarkable for possessing peculiarly modified cells placed in sacs (cnidosacs) at the apices of these same papillae, which resemble the thread-cells of the Coelentera.
apical	It always consists of true parenchyma, and is entirely formed by the cutting off of segments from an apical cell.
apian	Throughout the 16th and 17th centuries the rapidly accumulating store of facts as to the extent, outline and mountain and river systems of the lands of the earth were put in order by the generation of cartographers of which Mercator was the chief; but the writings of Apian and Munster held the field for a hundred years without a serious rival, unless the many annotated editions of Ptolemy might be so considered.
apiculture	Apiculture is extensively practised and there are large market-gardens in the neighbourhood.
apiece	Simple, basic truffles may be less than $1 each, while more elaborate, gourmet treats can cost as much as $4 or higher apiece.
aplenty	There are options aplenty, so it's worth the time to really examine all that is available.
aplanatic	Abbe succeeded in computing microscope objectives free from error of the axis point and satisfying the sine condition for several colours, which therefore, according to his definition, were aplanatic for several colours ; such systems he termed apochromatic.
aplomb	The party was planned without our usual aplomb, it would appear.
apocalyptical	The early myths, legends and traditions which can be traced differ profoundly from the canonical history, and the gap is wider than that between the latter and the subsequent apocalyptical and pseudepigraphical literature.
apocalyptic	Again 1666 was given as the apocalyptic year.
apocryphal	But it is also probable that these apocryphal versions are based on a genuine original.
apochromatic	Abbe succeeded in computing microscope objectives free from error of the axis point and satisfying the sine condition for several colours, which therefore, according to his definition, were aplanatic for several colours ; such systems he termed apochromatic.
apodal	All fruit and forest trees suffer from these curious insects, which in the female sex always remain apterous and apodal and live attached to the bark, leaf and fruit, hidden beneath variously formed scale-like coverings.
apocrypha	The western church did not accept Jerome's definition of apocrypha, but retained the word in its original meaning, though great confusion prevailed.
apogamy	This is equally true of the phenomena of apogamy and apospory in the light of recent researches into the effects of external conditions on reproduction.
apocalypse	Each fresh apocalypse would in the eyes of its writer be in some degree but a fresh edition of the traditions naturally attaching themselves to great names in Israel's past, and thus the books named respectively Enoch, Noah, Ezra would to some slight extent be not pseudonymous.
apogee	This was the apogee of his reign.
apolitical	However, the policy transfer process is not apolitical.
apollonian	This problem, also termed the Apollonian problem, was demonstrated with the aid of conic sections by Apollonius in his book on Contacts or Tangencies; geometrical solutions involving the conic sections were also given by Adrianus Romanus, Vieta, Newton and others.
apollyon	The distinction of good and bad angels is recognized; we have names, Gabriel 4, and the evil angels Abaddon or Apollyon', Beelzebub 6, and Satan'; ranks are implied, archangels 8, principalities and powers9, thrones and dominions 10.
apollinaris	In return Apollinaris composed a panegyric in his honour (as he had previously done for Avitus), which won for him a statue at Rome and the title of count.
apologetics	When we leave the New Testament, apologetics becomes conspicuous until the political triumph of Christianity, and even somewhat later.
apologize	I am the first to apologize, you know me!
apologia	It was a popular yet thoroughgoing defence of the whole Protestant position, perhaps the best apologia for the Reformation that was ever written.
apology	I'm the one who owes you an apology, not the other way around.
apologetic	Their tone is for the most part apologetic, and indicates a great sensitiveness to criticism.
apologist	More visible dangers arise for the apologist in the region of science, historical or physical.
apologue	Strenuous devotion to the deliverance of mankind from dangers and pests is the virtue which, in Prodicus' famous apologue on the Choice of Hercules, the hero preferred to an easy and happy life.
apologetically	Jackson looked apologetically at Connor who rolled his eyes, and said, Yes Sarah, he knew.
aponeurosis	The rectus sheath or external oblique aponeurosis was clearly exposed around the circumference of the defect.
apoplectic	On hearing this shocking news King Wenceslaus was seized with an apoplectic fit, and died a few days afterwards.
apoplexy	The controversial comedian's set was rude enough to cause apoplexy among the more conservative audience members. 
apollo	The Lyceum, where Aristotle taught, was originally a sanctuary of Apollo Lyceius.
apospory	A number of facts regarding the Algae, and also those relating to such deviations from the normal life cycle as apogamy or apospory, may be regarded as lending support to this view, which, in contrast to the theory of antithetic alternation, has been called that of homologous alternation.
apostolate	The important T Lents of 1617 and 1618 at Grenoble were a prelude to a still more important apostolate in Paris, the theatre of the world, as St Vincent de Paul calls it.
apostleship	The Calling of St James to the Apostleship appears to be Mantegna's design, partially carried out by Pizzolo; the subjects of St James baptizing, his appearing before the judge, and going to execution, and most of the legend of St Christopher, are entirely by Mantegna.
apostasy	In the cases of heresy, apostasy and sorcery, the spiritual courts sought the aid of the secular jurisdiction to superadd the punishment of death.
apostrophe	Closer study showed an occasional comma and apostrophe.
apostolical	Some have claimed for it apostolical sanction and found its origin in the liturgical head-gear of the Jewish priesthood.
apothecary	The apothecary has calming herbs.
apostate	As soon as Lacey left her childhood home, she became an apostate.
apothecia	Lecideine apothecia, which are not black, but otherwise variously coloured, are termed biatorine.
apothecium	We find two chief types of fruit bodies in the lichens, the perithecium and apothecium; the first when the fungal element is a member of the Pyrenomycetes division of the Ascomycetes, the second when the fungus belongs to the Discomycetes division.
apostolic	His conquest of death is most frequently appealed to in the apostolic teaching.
appalling	The picture given of Jerusalemite morals is an appalling one.
apostle	They wished to know everything about the apostle of God.
apotheosis	The city is in many ways a cultural feast, the very apotheosis of hybridity.
apparently	Apparently he did a lot of walking.
apparition	Suddenly, a terrifying apparition appeared.
apparatchik	I prefer to vote for a person, rather than a party apparatchik.
appanage	But Fulk le Rechin (the Cross-looking), brother of Geoffrey the Bearded, who had at first been contented with an appanage consisting of Saintonge and the chcitellenie of Vihiers, having allowed Saintonge to be taken in 1062 by the duke of Aquitaine, took advantage of the general discontent aroused in the countship by the unskilful policy of Geoffrey to make himself master of Saumur (25th of February 1067) and Angers (4 th of April), and cast Geoffrey into prison at Sable.
apparitional	The Manicheans' answer to such arguments was that miracles worked by Christ and the Apostles in the material world were only apparitional and not real, while those of the Old Testament were satanic.
appallingly	Scott and Shackleton were not particularly interested in ice and snow and were appallingly ignorant of skis, sledges and furs.
appealing	It was even less appealing in the dark of the storm.
appear	You always appear when something bad is about to happen.
appealingly	Whether you're a female version of Dracula or a modern pop-culture character, it's an option that's appealingly dangerous and enticing.
appease	He came to help her, to appease his guilt once and for all.
appellant	Mr. Justice Turner dismissed the appellant's case on all counts.
apparatus	The normal form of the apparatus is shown in figs.
appellation	It was he who described the appellation D.D.
appeasement	Another theory is that Chamberlain believed that appeasement was worth trying but that war was inevitable.
apparel	Among the manufactures are wearing apparel, silk, glass, and silver ware.
appeal	No appeal of yours will work in his favor.
apparent	It was apparent by the look on Jackson's face.
appendant	They are regarded as incorporeal hereditaments, and are either appendant or in gross.
appellate	The judges have appellate jurisdiction of cases civil and criminal coming up from the lower courts.
append	Print local help information append
appendectomy	We have someone who has just had to have an emergency appendectomy.
appendage	This factory was, however, merely an appendage to the imperial magnificence.
appendicitis	There is no one test that will diagnose appendicitis with certainty.
appendices	Modern German versions are by Simrock (very close to the original) and Hertz (freer, but with excellent notes and appendices); Eng.
appearance	Shadows made his appearance sinister.
appetite	She returned to her room to clean herself up, cursing peanut butter for ruining her appetite as she went.
apperception	Leibnitz, by way of distinction from unconscious perception, gave the name apperception to consciousness.
apperceptive	In short, his whole voluntarism means that, while the inorganic world is mere object, all organization is congealed will, and all thinking is apperceptive will.
appendix	We rushed him to the hospital when we realized that his appendix had ruptured.
appetizing	The menu itself was good looking and all the dishes sounded appetizing.
appetitive	Even the stable ones are not necessarily highly intellectualized - they may appear, rather, as appetitive preferences.
applause	There was great applause when the speaker sat down.
appertain	The functions of the king are those that appertain everywhere to the sovereign of a constitutional state.
appetizer	Looking for a few good appetizer recipes?
applaud	I applaud your anonymity.
applicant	Q. I am a mature applicant, can I apply to any College?
applet	Does its best to make tough stuff humorous and the walk-through of creating an applet is really relatively painless.
applied	Lifting the hair off the back of her neck, he applied the cool towel.
applicability	It had not then occurred to him to ask, With what right do we assume that the conclusions arrived at from arbitrary constructions in mathematical matter have applicability to objects of experience?
appoint	He was given the right to dispense justice, to coin money and to appoint the bishops in Bavaria.
appointed	If successful, I was appointed to request what I felt was needed.
appointee	I have an employe who has an appointee that deals with all of their affairs.
appointment	I can make it to my appointment without you.
applicator	Can be fitted to a trolley or hand-held applicator.
appointive	An appointive board of public service consists of a president and four directors of divisions, public welfare, public safety, public utilities, and streets and sewers.
apportion	It is indeed by no means easy to distinguish and apportion the respective merits of the competitors.
apple	Is that apple pie I smell?
apposition	As the edges of the wound are brought into accurate apposition there is little or no blood lodged between them, so that an extremely narrow strip of fibrin glues the cut edges together.
apposite	The term lifeless pallor seems very apposite.
applicable	It only remains here to refer to those applicable to leases to farm.
application	The application of the company for permission to lay wires in streets was again refused.
apportionment	All the Baltic powers were more or less interested in the apportionment of this vast tract of land, whose geographical position made it not only the chief commercial link between east and west, but also the emporium whence the English, Dutch, Swedes, Danes and Germans obtained their corn, timber and most of the raw products of Lithuania and Muscovy.
appliance	The analysing appliance constitutes the main feature of a spectroscope.
appreciate	I appreciate everything you do.
appreciation	Rita began to clap in appreciation of his performance.
appraise	She walked around the side of the house to appraise the damage.
apply	Different laws apply in different jurisdictions.
appreciatively	Her eyes went over him appreciatively.
appraiser	So once you hand your book over to an appraiser, what can you expect?
apprehend	I am confident that the police will apprehend the criminals soon.
appraisal	Completing his appraisal, he gave her a hard look.
appreciably	He eyed her appreciably.
apprehensive	He's certainly apprehensive about something.
appreciable	There was thus no appreciable break in political, legal or local administration.
apprehensively	He glanced down at her apprehensively.
apprise	I'm grateful to my cousin for taking the time to apprise me of our grandmother's illness.
appreciative	He opened the door for her with an appreciative smile.
approach	Her plan was to approach the building from the back parking lot.
approachable	Resorting to stimulants after illness, his marked excess in this respect on the occasion of his inauguration as vice-president undoubtedly did him harm with the public. Faults of personality were his great handicap. Though approachable and not without kindliness of manner, he seemed hard and inflexible; and while president, physical pain and domestic anxieties, added to the struggles of public life, combined to accentuate a naturally somewhat severe temperament.
approbation	A murmur of approbation and satisfaction ran through the crowd.
appropriate	I didn't think it appropriate to tell you who I was.
appressed	When leaves are applied to each other face to face, without being folded or rolled together, they are appressed.
appropriately	The other lizard is one which most appropriately has.
appropriateness	Choosing the right wedding dress entails appropriateness for the type of ceremony you have planned and the right cut for your figure, and must take into consideration the bride's personal taste and preferences.
apprenticeship	It was the necessary apprenticeship to his brilliant diplomatic career.
approachability	With the easy approachability of free platforms like Blogger and Wordpress, more and more people are creating their own video game blogs as a part of their video game home based business.
approve	I really don't approve of this.
apprentice	The apprentice genie also comes out of his lamp.
approvingly	He tasted the toast and nodded approvingly.
appropriation	An appropriation bill cannot be vetoed after the legislature adjourns.
approximate	It has an approximate area of 1000 sq.
apprehension	Her apprehension was assuming a reduced priority.
approving	Several approving voices were heard in the crowd.
approximative	The following are instances of the application of approximative formulae to the calculation of the volumes of solids.
approx	In gold, 19,053,861 r (say) Floating indebtedness (a/es current, bills, &c.) Total, not funded, approx.
approximation	The approximation was mutual.
apron	He wadded the apron into a ball.
apropos	Apropos of this law the Rabbinical arguments are worth noticing.
apraxia	What is the relationship between developmental verbal dyspraxia and childhood apraxia of speech?
approval	You got his stamp of approval, you know.
apse	Foundations of the apse of a large preNorman church have been discovered below the present building.
approved	The plan was approved by Alexander II.
apt	God was apt to be thought of as purely transcendent, not immanent in the world.
apricot	Orchards of apple and apricot surround the villages.
approximately	It was a small white bone approximately one inch long.
apsidal	Ulm cathedral has double aisles and a pentagonal apsidal choir, but no transepts.
apsides	Tisserand in 1895.1 It involved the action of no third mass, but depended solely upon the progression of the line of apsides in a moderately elliptical orbit due to the spheroidal shape of the globes traversing it.
apterous	From this egg in the spring emerges an apterous female who makes a gall in the new leaf and lays therein a large number of eggs.
apr	So shrewdly analyze your ability to pay off debt, then examine many of the introductory offers for the lowest possible APR for the longest period of time, in addition to the parameters of the APR hike at the end of the promotional period.
aquaculture	The laborers might be engaged in on-farm processing or even in aquaculture.
aptness	The character of modern medicine cannot be summed in a word, as, with more or less aptness, that of some previous periods may be.
apteryx	With all this, perhaps on account of all this, L'Herminier's efforts did not 4 Considerable doubts were at that time entertained in Paris as to the existence of the Apteryx.
aptly	But it may be doubted whether De Morgan's own system, horrent with mysterious spiculae, as Hamilton aptly described it, is fitted to exhibit the real analogy between quantitative and qualitative reasoning, which is rather to be sought in the logical works of Boole.
aquamarine	Other valuable stones, the topaz, chrysolite, aquamarine amethyst and tourmaline are found.
aqua	It is usually prepared by dissolving the metal in aqua regia.
aptitude	From her early years she showed great aptitude for study, an ardent and enthusiastic spirit, and unquestionable talent.
april	In April, Rostov was on orderly duty.
aquarist	It is believed to be auspicious and symbolizes strength, prosperity, luck and wealth - and provides any aquarist with good Feng Shui.
aquatics	Your local pool most likely has aquatics classes that teach basic strength training moves.
aquaria	Birds and mammals take the first place; the leading collections devote a good deal of attention to reptiles and batrachians; fishes and aquatic invertebrata are most often to be found only when there are special aquaria, whilst non-aquatic invertebrates are seldom to be seen and at most consist of a few moths and butterflies, spiders, scorpions and centipedes, molluscs and crustaceans.
aquarius	The zodiac of Notre Dame of Paris, opening with Aquarius, is a noted instance.'
aquifer	Finally the water seeps back into the aquifer, ready for further use.
aqueduct	The aqueduct was constructed in quite recent times, rain-water having previously given the only supply.
aquiferous	B, Sole of the foot of Pyrula tuba, to show a, the pore usually said to be aquiferous but probably the orifice of a gland; b, median line of foot.
aquatic	Ducks, cranes and other aquatic birds abound in the delta.
aquiline	He was heavy of jaw with a wide forehead and an aquiline nose set between two large eyes.
aqueous	The aqueous solution is turned bluish black by ferrous sulphate containing a ferric salt.
arabesque	The finest of these apartments, containing beautiful arabesque x XVII.
aquarium	It contains a station of the Berlin Aquarium, with a fine collection of the fauna of the Adriatic Sea.
arabinose	Also Kiliani found that the lactone derived from the cyanhydrin of natural arabinose (laevo) was identical with the previous lactone except that its rotation was equal and opposite.
arachnid	In recent times the term tarantula has been applied indiscriminately to many different kinds of large spiders in no way related to Lycosa tarantula; and to at least one Arachnid belonging to a distinct order.
arable	It is partially arable, and supports a small population.
arachnidan	It became isolated and detached, why or with what advantage to the organism it is difficult to say, and at that period of Arachnidan development the great ventral nerve cords occupied a more lateral position than they do at present.
arachnoid	These membranes are called the meninges, the outermost membrane is called the dura mater, then the arachnoid and then the pia mater.
arabian	It seemed like the Arabian Nights, it was crammed so full of novelty and interest.
aramaean	Abraham, it was believed, came from Harran (Carrhae), primarily from Babylonia, and Jacob re-enters from Gilead in the north-east with his Aramaean wives and concubines and their families (Benjamin excepted).
aragonite	Aragonite is the least stable form; crystals have been found altered to calcite.
araucaria	Araucaria imbricata, the Chile pine, or monkey puzzle, was introduced into Britain in 1796.
arbitrage	Our tipsters info come in the form of arbitrage advice for use on b the 3rd year students majoring in mathematics.
aramaic	Its source may be an Aramaic or a Hebrew document.
arbitral	The arbitral judgment is read out at a public sitting of the tribunal, the counsel and agents having been duly summoned to hear it.
arbitrary	The committee had arbitrary rules.
arbiter	He was the arbiter of townspeople, of feudal lords and of kings.
arbitrator	One arbitrator shall be selected using AAA procedures.
arbitrate	This led to the establishment of podests, who represented a compromise between two radically hostile parties in the city, and whose business it was to arbitrate and keep the peace between them.
arbitration	No self-respecting power would, of course, consent to submit to arbitration a question of life or death.
arbitrator	One arbitrator shall be selected using AAA procedures.
arbor	This is the Eastern or Chinese arbor vitae.
arboreal	Its arboreal vegetation is richer both in genera and species than that corresponding to it in the Old World.
arborescent	All the species are arborescent or shrubby, varying in size from the most stately of forest trees to the dwarfish bush.
arboriculture	The work on agriculture' of Ibn-al-Awam, who lived in the 12th century A.D., treats of the varieties of soils, manuring, irrigation, ploughing, sowing, harvesting, stock, horticulture, arboriculture and plant diseases, and is a lasting record of their skill and industry.
arboretum	The gardens proper, which originally contained only about II acres, were subsequently increased to 75 acres, and the pleasure grounds or arboretum adjoining extend to 270 acres.
arborist	Don't wait until the tree is half dead before calling a tree service or an arborist to inspect the trees.
arbour	The Metropolitan police courts are fourteen in number, namely - Bow Street, Covent Garden; Clerkenwell; Great Marlborough Street (Westminster); Greenwich and Woolwich; Lambeth; Marylebone; North London, Stoke Newington Road; Southwark; South Western, Lavender Hill (Battersea); Thames, Arbour Street East (Stepney); West Ham; West London, Vernon Street (Fulham); Westminster, Vincent Square; Worship Street (Shoreditch).
arbutus	The total absence of a few of the more common forms of northern Europe and Asia should also be noticed, among which may be named Tilia, Fagus, Arbutus, Erica, Azalea and Cistacae.
arcadia	At last Pan, the old god of Arcadia, discovered her hiding-place, and informed Zeus, who sent the Moirae (Fates) to fetch her out.
arcading	The great internal court is surrounded with arcading.
arcanum	They are not sensate beings, they neither know nor care what arcanum (i.e. mysteries) haunt their innards.
arch	Vera was saying with an arch smile.
arcadian	Paphos was believed to have been founded either by the Arcadian Agapenor, returning from the Trojan War (c. 1180 B.C.), or by his reputed contemporary Cinyras, whose clan retained royal privileges down to the Ptolemaic conquest of Cyprus in 295 B.C., and held the Paphian priesthood till the Roman occupation in 58 B.C. The town certainly dates back to the close of the Mycenaean Bronze age, and had a king Eteandros among the allies of Assur-bani-pal of Assyria in 668 B.C.'
archaean	They are known to be pre-Jurassic, but whether they are Palaeozoic or Archaean is uncertain.
archaeologist	The geologist and the trained archaeologist are associated.
arcana	Besides the works already noticed, he wrote De arte critica (1597); De Antichristo (1605); Pro auctoritate ecclesiae in decidendis fidei controversiis libellus; Scaliger hypololymaeus (1607), a virulent attack on Scaliger; and latterly the anti-jesuitical works, Flagellum Jesuiticum (1632); Mysteria patrum jesuitorum (1633); and Arcana societatis Jesu (1635).
archaic	The walls are often covered with paintings in a very simple archaic style, in red and black.
arc	An arc of lightning left her father's hand and slammed the stranger into the wall.
arcade	The court is surrounded by a double arcade with coupled columns.
archaeopteryx	The importance of Archaeopteryx justifies the following descriptive detail.
archaeological	An Austrian Archaeological Institute was founded in 1898.
archaeopteryx	The importance of Archaeopteryx justifies the following descriptive detail.
archaic	The walls are often covered with paintings in a very simple archaic style, in red and black.
archaism	He was already a poet by predilection, an idyllist and steeped in the classical archaism of the time, when, in 1784, his taste for the antique was confirmed by a visit to Rome made in the company of two schoolfellows, the brothers Trudaine.
archaistic	There are also remains of the town wall in the polygonal style, and above the town are several massive platforms for supporting buildings, in a more archaistic form of this style; these may well belong to the Roman period, and the latter even to the empire.
archangel	The church also contains a solid silver statue of the archangel Michael, belonging to the confraternity of Neapolitan fishermen.
archaeologist	The geologist and the trained archaeologist are associated.
archdeacon	The office of archdeacon is of great antiquity.
archdeaconry	It gives the real values in one column and tenth parts in another column of each of the benefices in the archdeaconry of Lothian.
archbishopric	The church offered the richest field for exploitation, and in spite of his dissolute life he impudently prayed the regent to give him the archbishopric of Cambray, the richest in France.
archdiocese	The Roman Catholic Church is subject to the bishop of Rottenburg, in the archdiocese of Freiburg.
archduchess	Opinions were divided in the emperor's circle between a Russian and an Austrian princess; but the marked coolness with which overtures for the hand of the tsar's sister were received at St Petersburg, and the skill with which Count Metternich, the Austrian chancellor, let it be known that a union with the archduchess, Marie Louise, would be welcomed at Schonbrunn, helped to decide the matter.
archduchy	The original archduchy, which included Upper Austria, is the nucleus of the Austrian empire, and the oldest possession of the house of Habsburg in its present dominions.
archduke	Charles, archduke of Austria, opposed him.
archaeology	He was essentially a student, with strong leanings towards archaeology and ecclesiology.
archegonium	The Bryophyta and Pteridophyta have sprung from the higher Thallophyta, and together form the larger group Archegoniatae, so-called from the form of the organ (archegonium) in which the egg-cell is developed.
archeozoic	Hence the era of their formation is called the Archeozoic era.
archenemy	She regularly foils the evil environmental escapades of her archenemy Dr. Botanicus.
archenteron	Formation of archenteron and blastopore may, however, be deferred till a later stage (actinula or after).
arched	He arched a silver brow.
archetypal	This archetypal world is the Son of God and true God.
archetype	This archetype differs in many respects from the form in which it was republished by the editor of the entire work.
archer	The town of Sharpsburg represents the fingers of the archer drawing the bow.
archery	The King has passed a law making people practice archery every day.
archbishop	No one could have attained or kept the position of archbishop at the time without being so.
archibald	His eldest son, Archibald Napier of Edinbellie, the fourth of Merchiston, belonged to the household of James IV.
archie	Heider, in Archie fiir Kunde 5sterreich.
archimandrite	In the monastery, however, she was held in high honour by the archimandrite; the nuns persisted in regarding her as the lawful empress; and she was permitted an extraordinary degree of latitude, unknown to Peter, who dragged her from her enforced retreat in 1718 on a charge of adultery.
architect	Great Architect of Nature, help me to find the true path out of the labyrinth of lies!
archimedean	He was the author of numerous inventions, including the cagniardelle, a blowing machine, which consists essentially of an Archimedean screw set obliquely in a tank of water in such a way that its lower end is completely and its upper end partially immersed, and operated by being rotated in the opposite direction to that required for raising water.
archiepiscopal	Soon afterwards he went to London, where he lived until his death in 1807, never accepting the Concordat, which had suppressed his archiepiscopal see.
architecture	The architecture was fantastic, but not near as exciting as the ride on a ferry.
archive	The film archive ensures that old movies are preserved for future generations.
archivist	He was also archivist and then librarian of the city of Frankfort.
architecturally	Architecturally the most important of the many striking features of the palace is the arrangement in the vestibule by which the supporting arches spring directly from the capitals of the large granite Corinthian columns.
architrave	These differ from Caryatids, which bear the architrave on their heads.
architectural	These islands are remarkable for a number of architectural remains of a very early date.
archway	In the rock of Dore Holm is a natural archway, 70 ft.
archipelago	Part of the archipelago was discovered by Pedro Fernandez Quiros in 1607.
archon	The archon basileus superintended the holy places, the mysteries, the Lampadephoria (Torch race), &c., questions of national religion and certain cases of bloodguiltiness.
arcing	An arcing kick forced him to release her.
archives	It contains a valuable collection of archives, from the 13th century onwards.
ardent	Alex had always been an ardent lover.
ardor	I could not take my gaze off that beautiful face, which was all aflame with the ardor of love.
arduous	It was an arduous trip.
ardently	Ritter (1776-1810), ardently prosecuted research with the new instrument.
ardour	The Italian Jews devoted themselves with ardour to the service of the state.
areal	The corresponding equations in areal co-ordinates are readily derived by substituting x/a, ylb, z/c for a, 1 3, y respectively in the trilinear equations.
arctic	His skin was colder than snow, the power radiating off him like an arctic breeze.
areca	The coast region is characterized by mangroves, Pandanus, rattans, and similar palms with long flexible stems, and the middle region by the great rice-fields, the coco-nut and areca palms, and the usual tropical plants of culture.
arenaceous	The soil, chiefly alluvial, though in some places arenaceous, is generally fertile and well cultivated, but a great portion is covered with forests, interspersed with lakes.
are	Where are you going?
areola	In this position, the mother can lift her breast and guide her nipple in any direction as she helps the baby to take in more of the areola.
areopagus	The relation of the Ephetae to the court of the Areopagus is obscure; cf.
area	This area is so full of wildlife.
arena	Beyond them was a crude wooden floored arena hedged by rows of shouting people.
areometer	In the laboratory the specific gravity is determined in a pyknometer by actual weighing, and on board ship by the use of an areometer or hydrometer.
argent	The arms of the heiress daughter bore a chief argent.
argillaceous	It is not volcanic, but consists of argillaceous schist and quartzite.
argentiferous	In the beginning of the operation enough argentiferous lead is charged to fill the cavity of the test.
arginine	Formula 4 Feet contains the amino acid arginine, which is the precursor for the formation of nitrous oxide in the tissue circulation.
argonaut	Then in September the Argonaut sailed for Shanghai to repatriate British internees.
argentine	The Argentine constitution recognizes the Roman Catholic religion as that of the state, but tolerates all others.
argol	During this secondary fermentation the wine gradually throws down a deposit which forms a coherent crust, known as argol or lees.
argot	They speak in a certain argot, a slang whereby they all sit down comfy, comfy - Lineker, Hansen and the rest.
argosy	To play real historic district argosy earlier this year has kept its.
argon	The weight of a mixture of argon and nitrogen prepared from the dissolved gases showed an excess of 24 mg.
argumentation	The Board provided lengthy argumentation to support its conclusions.
arguably	Arguably, the most powerful storyline moments on Grey's Anatomy were spoiled including the death of Denny (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) after surviving the latter half of the second season and the cut LVAT wire.
argumentative	What an argumentative fellow you are, Monsieur Pierre!
arguable	It's arguable about whether they are better together or apart.
argumentum	These distinctions, he insists, have an objective reality, The cognizable by reason no less than the relations of Cambridge space or number; and he endeavours to refute moralists, Hobbism - which he treats as a novantique philo- C d sophy, a mere revival of the relativism of Protagoras - chiefly by the following argumentum ad hominem.
argus	The most important are eagles, kites, vultures, falcons, owls, horn-bills, cranes, pheasants (notably the argus, fire-back and peacock-pheasants), partridges, ravens, crows, parrots, pigeons, woodpeckers, doves, snipe, quail and swallows.
aria	Aria College in Portsea was opened in 1874 for the training of Jewish ministers.
aridity	Because of this extreme aridity, agriculture in Nevada is dependent on irrigation.
argue	We didn't bother to argue with Quinn.
aril	The fruit is ripe in July, and is an oval, yellowish, fleshy berry, containing twelve or more seeds, each surrounded by a pulpy outer coat or aril.
arisen	A Cuban international question had arisen before 1820.
aright	The instant cries of Deus volt which answered the note showed that Urban had struck aright.
aristocracy	The Jewish aristocracy became peers of the Seleucid kingdom.
argument	They'll get no argument from me.
arista	He did not obey, and Mariana Arista, Ampudia's successor, opened hostilities.
aristocrat	Soon afterwards Sulpicius, hitherto an aristocrat, declared in favour of Marius and the popular party.
aristocratical	Manilius was later accused by the aristocratical party on some unknown charge and defended by Cicero.
arithmetically	We can, however, find a number whose square shall be as nearly equal to 5 as we please, and it is this number that we treat arithmetically as 1 15.
aries	It is composed of the stars in the head of Aries, and is figured by a horse's head.
aristocratic	Her aristocratic features were strong and firm, her eyes the color of spring, circled by silver.
arithmetic	Her progress in arithmetic has been equally remarkable.
arise	I cannot explain it; but when difficulties arise, I am not perplexed or doubtful.
arithmetical	The main work of Descartes, so far as algebra was concerned, was the establishment of a relation between arithmetical and geometrical measurement.
arid	She glanced around at the arid camp, taking in the dusty tents and scraggly cacti..
arm	She touched his arm and he glanced up.
arkose	At the base there is often an arkose, composed largely of fragments of serpentine and granite derived from the ancient floor.
aristotelian	The view (traceable no doubt to the Aristotelian definition) that equity mitigates the hardships of the law where the law errs through being framed in universals, is to be found in some of the earlier writings.
arles	When the kingdom of Burgundy or Arles was acquired by the emperor Conrad II.
armadillo	One of the characteristic orders of the Brazilian fauna is that of the Edentata, which comprises the sloth, armadillo and ant-eater.
ark	For many years the ark remained untouched - apparently forgotten.
armchair	He quickly moved an armchair toward Princess Mary.
armada	By good fortune the armada evaded Nelson and arrived safely off Malta.
armageddon	The world sits on the brink of Armageddon, since Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMD) are so wide-spread throughout the world's nations.
armament	The armament included 394 guns of all calibres, 6 of which were of 250 millimetres, 4 of 240, and 12 of 200.
armature	In the earlier forms of instrument the record was made by embossing lines on a ribbon of paper by means of a sharp style fixed to one end of a lever, which carried at the other end the armature of an electromagnet.
armamentarium	Today, there is virtually nothing in the medical armamentarium that can stop the damage unleashed by moderate-to-severe head trauma.
armful	Soon she'll be out with an armful of affordable wedding dresses.
armband	I am giving Steve the honor of the captain's armband in my team.
armilla	In its simplest form, consisting of a ring fixed in the plane of the equator, the armilla is one of the most ancient of astronomical instruments.
armless	It was also easier to nurse an infant in an armless chair.
armored	The machine would traverse the face cutting and spewing the coal onto the armored face conveyor.
armorial	Armorial devices of the gentry first appear on seals at the close of the 12th century; and from that time there is a gradual development of the heraldic seal, which in the 14th century was often a work of fine decorative sculpture.
armor	He removed the bulletproof vest and the body armor on his arms and legs to help free his movement.
armory	The armory was not the collection of a wealthy connoisseur; this was the personal armory of a man accustomed to killing often.
armoured	As to the number of vessels, which fluctuates from month to month, little can be said that is wholly accurate at any given moment, but, very roughly, the French navy in 1909 included 25 battleships, 7 coast defence ironclads, 19 armoured cruisers, 36 protected cruisers, 22 s1oops, gunboats, &c., 45 destroyers, 319 torpedo boats, 71 submersibles and submarines and 8 auxiliary cruisers.
armed	He was armed with several knives, and his silver eyes were fiery.
army	I scouted for the army a few years.
armour	No external armour has been found.
armistice	An armistice was concluded with effect from Nov.
armrest	She gripped the armrest as he passed two cars at a time.
armoury	There is a state armoury in the borough.
armpit	Being pressed up against a smelly armpit is disgusting.
armenian	The Greek version was in turn rendered into Armenian in the 5th or 6th century.
arnica	Nothing but net I've used arnica before for an injury and I have to say that the results were amazing.
aroid	The plants of which the floral organs or perfect fruits are preserved include the amber-bearing Pinus succinifera, Smilax, Phoenix, the spike of an aroid, i i species of oak, 2 of chestnut, a beech, Urticaceae, 2 cinnamons and Trianthera among the Lauraceae, representatives of the Cistaceae, Ternstroemiaceae, Dilleniaceae (3 species of Hibbertia), Geraniaceae (Geranium and Erodium), Oxalidaceae, Acer, Celastraceae, Olacaceae, Pittosporaceae, Ilex (2 species), Euphorbiaceae, Umbelliferae (Chaerophyllum), Saxifragaceae (3 genera), Hamamelidaceae, Rosaceae, Connaraceae, Ericaceae (Andromeda and Clethra), Myrsinaceae (3 species), Rubiaceae, Sambucus (2 species), Santalaceae, Loranthaceae (3 species).
arouse	A warm touch began to arouse Dean.
aroma	The room smelled of over-cleaning with an underlying aroma of cigarette smoke.
arousal	She felt the thick, long proof of his arousal hard against her belly, but his effort to provide comfort rather than tend his own pleasure made her feel even safer in her killer's arms.
aromatherapy	Spot Organics carries many types of organic grooming supplies as well as aromatherapy products for your pet.
arpanet	The ARPANET architecture eventually became the Internet.
aromatic	Above her, bees buzzed around the aromatic apple blossoms.
arpeggio	Jones ' guitar lines switch from delicate arpeggio one minute to towering riff the next.
arrack	The juice, when not boiled down to form sugar, is either drunk fresh, or fermented and distilled to form arrack.
arquebus	They attempted in 512 to take Bougie from the Spaniards, but were beaten off, and Arouj lost an arm, shattered by an arquebus shot.
arraignment	Her arraignment date is set for January of 2009.
array	The delicious smell came from the array of food at the buffet.
arranger	You don't have to be an expert florist or flower arranger.
around	He put an arm around her waist and kissed her cheek.
arose	It was on this subject of keeping pure the Lord's Table that the controversy arose between the ministers and the town councillors which ended in the banishment of Calvin, Farel and Conrad from Geneva.
arrant	I have never heard more arrant nonsense in my life.
arrear	In March 1897 the floating debt was calculated by a financial authority in the Fortnightly Review to amount to upwards of £TJ5,000,000, which might be compressed to £T25,000,000 since a large proportion was certainly composed of salaries in arrear and other items of a similar kind which the government would never, under any circumstances, make good.
arras	Maximilian was compelled to assent to the treaty of Arras in 1482 between the states of the Netherlands and Louis XI.
arrears	Arrears of land tax to the extent of E.I,245,000 were cancelled.
arrangement	I'm not interested in an arrangement with you.
arresting	Quinn asked, arresting everyone's attention.
arrive	We expect visitors to arrive soon.
arrhythmia	If the sparks are not controlled they can cause life-threatening arrhythmia.
arrange	Annette and I were speaking of how to arrange it.
arroba	Farm produce is generally sold by the arroba or fanega; the var y is used in lineal measurement, and the cuadra is used by country people in land measurement.
arrow	The arrow went over his head and was followed by two more.
arrogantly	It has been used here in a very facile manner, very arrogantly.
arrogance	The edge of arrogance surprised her.
arrowroot	Agricultural products are wheat, millet, Indian corn, pulse, arrowroot and many varieties of fruits and vegetables.
arrogant	She is far too arrogant to learn the error of her ways.
arroyo	Edna Valley and Arroyo Grande are small but wiry wine regions.
arrival	Their arrival created a stir in the sleepy little town.
arsenical	Silver has been discovered in all the states, either alone or in the form of sulphides, antimonial and arsenical ores, chloride, bromide,.
arsenate	The two most useful arsenical sprays are Paris green and arsenate of lead.
arsenal	The arsenal was founded about the year 1104 by the doge Ordelap Falier.
arsenious	The action of these acids on many metals was also studied; Glauber obtained zinc, stannic, arsenious and cuprous chlorides by dissolving the metals in hydrochloric acid, compounds hitherto obtained by heating the metals with corrosive sublimate, and consequently supposed to contain mercury.
arsenite	Copper arsenite forms the basis of a number of once valuable, but very poisonous, pigments.
arsenic	Prolonged ingestion of arsenic may cause pigmentary changes in the skin.
art	Last week I visited a beautiful art store.
arson	Thus, a man guilty of arson was burned alive.
arrest	They could arrest and imprison.
artemisia	Here we find open plant associations of Haifa or Esparto Grass (Stipa lenacissima) alternating with steppes of Chih (Artemisia herba-alba); and each plant association extends for several scores of miles.
artel	The co-operative spirit of the Great Russians shows itself in another sphere in the artel, which has been a prominent feature of Russian life since the dawn of history.
arterial	The chief varieties of haemorrhage are arterial, venous and capillary.
arteriography	It is non-invasive and has replaced arteriography as the investigation of choice in the assessment of carotid artery disease and in post-operative graft surveillance.
arteriosclerosis	Arteriosclerosis can slow or impair blood circulation.
artful	But he was unimpressed, finding it too artful, too tame.
arteritis	Where it includes temporal arteritis the symptoms may include unilateral headache and tenderness of the temple.
arthritic	Person with arthritis NOT crippled with arthritis, arthritic.
artery	Antoninus Pius paved the great east to west artery with granite.
artfully	These plans were artfully fostered by the Savoyard kinsmen of Eleanor, daughter of Raymond Berenger, count of Provence, whom he married at Canterbury in January 1236, and by his half-brothers, the sons of Queen Isabella and Hugo, count of la Marche.
artesian	It was the first of the deep artesian wells of the continent.
arthrodesis	Arthrodesis is more commonly performed on the bones in the ankle.
arthropod	The great Arthropod class, the Crustacea, presents to the zoologist at the present day an immense range of forms,.
article	The newspaper included a photo with the article about the wreck.
articulate	Jess was very articulate with her presentation, giving her a good grade on the assignment.
artichoke	Artichoke leaf extract is thought to work directly to lower cholesterol levels.
articular	Tracheae typically opening by stigmata situated in the articular sockets (acetabula) of the 3rd, 4th, 5th and 6th pairs of appendages.
arthritis	In acute gonorrhoeal arthritis, simulating rheumatic fever, salicylates are useless.
artificial	The artificial breeze from the fan provided only temporary relief.
articulatory	Substantial evidence exists which shows that multiple articulatory configurations are able to produce the same acoustic signal.
artifact	The prize awaiting at the end is usually a valuable artifact.
artificer	With him the reciprocal action of mind and body is altogether denied; they resemble two clocks, so made by the artificer as to strike the same hour together.
artifice	Gibbon's stylistic artifice both averted the peril of prosecution and rendered the attack more telling.
artificiality	These deal with the casuists of the Counter - Reformation in the spirit of Milton, laying especial stress on the artificiality of their methods and the laxity of their results.
articulation	The astragalus has a pulley-like surface above for articulation into the tibia, but its lower surface is flattened and unites to a much greater extent with the navicular than with the cuboid, which bone is of comparatively less importance than in the Artiodactyles.
artificially	True amber is sometimes coloured artificially.
artist	Everyone wanted to meet the artist and discuss the work they were interested in.
artisanal	Right now there are plans for some new beauty products and artisanal foods.
artiste	Denise has been a solo artiste for over 20 years working all over the world.
artisan	It was the era of the artisan artist.
artistically	You get extra points if you're artistically endowed.
artless	As generally able writers of lyrical poetry during the earlier part of this period may be mentioned among others Francis Csaszar, Joseph Szekacs and Andrew Kunoss-also Lewis Szakal and Alexander Vachott, whose songs and romances are of an artless and simple character, and the sacred lyricist Bela Tarkanyi.
arty	We try very hard not to make our posters too arty, which would only confirm the belief that theater is elitist.
artillery	The manly voice again interrupted the artillery officer.
as	She's as perfect as she can be.
asap	Get back to me ASAP with a list of potentials.
arum	The most common are the Natal lily with pink and white ribbed bells, the fire-lily, with flame-coloured blossoms, ixias, gladiolas, the Ifafa lily, with fuchsia-like clusters, and the arum lily.
asafoetida	The exports are wool, cotton, madder, cummin seed, asafoetida, fruit, silk and horses.
asa	Asa, it is evident, was too weak to achieve the remarkable victory ascribed to him in 2 Chron.
artistry	The last place finisher, Fleur Maxwell, has more artistry than Irina.
aryan	Previous to this the Aryan settlements, along the three routes they followed in their penetration into India, had remained isolated, independent and small communities.
artistic	The Siamese are an artistic nation.
asbestos	Rock crystal and asbestos are still found in the district of Paphos.
asbestosis	Some workers are still likely to develop asbestosis from past industrial exposure, tighter controls now in force should substantially lessen the risk.
artwork	When they reached Jackson's room, Elisabeth noticed her artwork and asked, Where's the fall scene?
ascendant	The former was in the ascendant during the early years of the reign.
ascent	The temperature was in the high teens but as the sun began its ascent it felt far warmer.
ascend	In seasons of high rainfall, the river can ascend 50 meters.
ascertainable	That is to say, ascertained or ascertainable effects were made the starting-point instead of the goal of research.
ascender	I know how to use the ascender, you don't.
ascendancy	Bonapartes ascendancy did not pass unchallenged.
ascension	It is held forty days after Easter, or ten days before Whitsunday, in celebration of Christ's ascension into heaven forty days after the resurrection.
ascetic	Here he lived a quiet if not an ascetic life.
ascetical	Aiming, both in his sermons and ascetical writings, at development of the religious view, the danger of the times as he saw it was not so much in the Protestant reformation, which was an outside influence, but in the direction that religion had taken among the masses.
ascertain	He could not ascertain the truth.
ascertainment	This is the case with the Homeric poems, the ascertainment of the original form of which is a task beyond the powers of criticism.
ascending	Rather than join them, she paced the hall before following it to its end and ascending to the roof.
ascidian	Sphaerothylacus polycarpus (Sluiter, 1884) has an ascidian for its host.
asceticism	Then again asceticism sometimes changes into wild libertinism.
asci	Fructification of the fungus, entire and in section; the latter shows the asci containing ascospores, much enlarged.
ascii	Different computer suppliers have at different times used the phrase ' extended ASCII ' to denote different, and incompatible, extended character sets.
ascribe	Several inscriptions ascribe both these treatises to Boetius.
ascot	The principal race is that for the Ascot Gold Cup, instituted in 1807.
ascribable	This falling away in the taste for Madeira is partly ascribable to fashion and partly to the temporary devastation of the vineyards by the phylloxera in the middle of last century.
ascorbic	Long-term use of ascorbic acid at high intake levels may deplete calcium, magnesium and potassium.
ascomycetes	Since about 1880 our knowledge of the species which can enter into such relationships has been materially extended, and the fungal constituents of the Lichens are known to include Basidiomycetes as well as Ascomycetes.
ascus	According to his view, the ascus is in effect the sporangium with several spores, the conidium the sporangiole with but one spore, and that not loose but fused with the sporangiole wall.
asexual	Asexual reproductive cells are not infrequent, but sexual reproduction even in its initial stages is unknown.
ascription	The ascription of malevolence to the world of spirits is by no means universal.
ashamed	I was ashamed of my desire.
aseptic	If the dead part be protected from the ingress of putrefactive organisms, however, it separates from that which is living without the ordinary evidences of gangrene, and is then known as an aseptic slough.
ashen	His face goes ashen when her teeth clamp around him!
asexually	The Coccidae can, and mainly do, breed asexually (parthenogenetically).
asian	In 1886 his opposition to the Central Asian Military railway caused him to lose his seat in the council.
ashtray	They're in this big ashtray by the front door.
ashy	This can cause skin to look dry, dull, or ashy.
ashlar	The hearting is of rubble masonry, and the faces are coursed ashlar.
ash	It grows upon old trees, especially the oak, ash, fir and cherry.
ashore	We shall put you ashore on the first island that we see.
ask	I didn't ask about his family tree.
askance	Though there are many Christians in India to-day, the Hindu still looks askance at Christianity, not because it is a religion but because it is foreign.
askew	By creating a bun that's slightly askew, the look is instantly more playful.
asp	The snake, however, to which the word asp has been most commonly applied is undoubtedly the haje of Egypt, the spy-slange or spitting snake of the Boers (Naja haje), one of the very poisonous Elarinae, from 3 to 4 ft.
aspect	The house had escaped the fire; it showed signs of damage but its general aspect was unchanged.
aside	You have set aside the money for a college education.
asiatic	The appearance of the Asiatic elephant is familiar to all.
aspartate	Hydrolysis by means of acids or alkalis converts the asparagines into aspartic acid; whilst on heating with water in a sealed tube they are converted into ammonium aspartate.
asleep	The kids are asleep and we're alone.
asparagus	Asparagus is cultivated in the environs.
aspergillum	He is attended by a minister with a vase of holy water, an aspergillum and a copy of the Rituale or missal.
aspen	The aspen is found in moist places, sometimes at a considerable elevation, 1600 ft.
aspergillus	While some moulds (Penicillium, Aspergillus) can utilize almost any organic food-materials, other fungi are more restricted in their choice - e.g.
asperity	Bert adds the asperity of his Scottish voice to a lilting, traditional ballad called House Carpenter .
aspersion	In the formulae of blessings that follow, the special efficacy against devils is implied by the aspersion with holy water; the benedictions themselves are usually merely invocative of the divine protection or assistance, though, e.g., in the form for blessing sick animals the priest prays that all diabolic power in them may be destroyed, and that they may be ill no longer.
asphodel	The plants generally have a rhizome bearing radical leaves, as in asphodel, rarely a stem with a tuft of leaves as in Aloe, very rarely a tuber (Eriospermum) or bulb (Bowiea).
asphalt	Small amounts of asphalt have been sent to the United States.
aspirant	The goal of every spiritual aspirant is to realize his real nature.
aspiration	As a musician, my aspiration is to create music full time.
aspire	What do you aspire to be in the next year?
asphyxiation	The partial asphyxiation or suffocation stimulates the protoplasm to set up a new and perhaps supplementary series of decompositions, which result in the liberation of energy just as do those of the respiratory process.
aspirator	The digestive system consists of a simple or bifurcated sac, opening through the mouth by means of a pharynx bulbosus, adapted to act primarily as a sucker, and secondarily, when drawing blood, as an aspirator.
asia	It is still the most important trade centre in eastern Asia Minor.
asphyxia	They often avert death from asphyxia, or render the end less distressing.
aspirate	Her voice has an aspirate quality; there seems always to be too much breath for the amount of tone.
assail	To transgress these limits is to assail faith (Dogmatik, p. 348).
assailant	I heard my assailant searching from room to room.
aspirin	I also made sure I had plenty of soluble aspirin.
assault	Rome, attacked by the French army, was taken by assault after a month's sanguinary siege.
assassinate	In 1887 he planned with some friends to assassinate Emperor Alexander III.
ass	Get your ass down here and drag this old coot home!
assassination	The assassination of Beton left her the cleverest politician in Scotland.
assayer	William Speer was supervisor and chief assayer of spirits in the port of Dublin.
assegai	Albert is long dead - killed in a fit of pique by Harold hurling an assegai through the door of the kazee.
assay	The method is sometimes employed in the assay of gold.
assassin	The window rolled down, and his chief assassin glared at him.
assemblage	Insectivorous or, as they are sometimes more correctly termed, carnivorous plants are, like the parasites, the climbers, or the succulents, a physiological assemblage belonging to a number of distinct natural orders.
assembler	F A - Used to embed assembler within Forth words.
assembling	Its central feature, the assembling of the nations to judgment, is already found in Zeph.
assemblyman	California Assemblyman proposes building standards that promote feng shui.
assert	Only once during this period did the young tsar come forward and assert his authority.
assemble	The building block set took over four hours to assemble.
assent	She murmured her assent and that ended the conversation.
assertiveness	Wearing a right hand diamond ring is a bold statement of assertiveness and self-confidence.
assertion	This assertion was firm.
asset	You're a vital asset and the director knows it.
assertive	He has been very assertive and direct.
assessable	The sums borrowed must not exceed, with the outstanding loans, the amount of the assessable value for two years of the district for which the money is borrowed; and if the sum borrowed would, with the outstanding loans, exceed the assessable value for one year, the sanction of the Local Government Board may not be given except after local inquiry.
assiduity	Thanks to the strictness and assiduity of its commander the regiment, in comparison with others that had reached Braunau at the same time, was in splendid condition.
assiduous	Burke, on the contrary, was assiduous and orderly, and had none of the vices of profusion.
assessor	The trustees are elected for a term of three years, the clerk and assessor for two years.
assignable	Tenant right is assignable, and will pass under an assignment of all the estate and interest of the outgoing tenant in the farm.
assiduously	False reports were assiduously circulated by the intelligence department.
assessment	Talal's assessment of there being something wrong returned to her.
assign	We'll assign her a Guardian and bring her in.
assignee	If the lands assigned are situated in Middlesex or Yorkshire, the assignment should be registered under the Middlesex Registry or Yorkshire Registries Acts, as the case may be; and similar provision is now made for the registration by an assignee of his title under the Land Transfer Acts 1875 and 1897.
assets	The life insurance companies have assets to the value of about $225,000,000.
assignation	Or did she contact him and arrange an assignation.
assembly	The temper of this assembly was, however, wholly different.
assimilate	She paused, allowing him to assimilate the information.
assignment	Ikir sent me on assignment to spy on him.
assimilatory	It should be remembered that a single complete defoliation of a herbaceous annual may so incapacitate the assimilation that no stores are available for seeds, tubers, &c., for another year, or at most so little that feeble plants only come up. In the case of a tree matters run somewhat differently; most large trees in full foliage have far more assimilatory surface than is immediately necessary, and if the injury is confined to a single year it may be a small event in the life of the tree, but if repeated the cambium, bud-stores and fruiting may all suffer.
assistance	I don't need to tell you that any further assistance I provide you will not be by my choice.
assistant	The assistant asked some further questions.
associate	The Associate Reformed Synod of the South had a membership of 13,201.
assimilative	This is the case in the Fucaceae, and in a very marked degree in the Laminariaceae in question, where the assimilative frond is borne at the end of an extremely long supporting and conducting stipe.
associated	Everyone associated with your target is a weak point.
association	It is usually found in association with tin and other minerals.
assess	She tried to assess how many there might be.
assimilation	In these colonies the system of assimilation was carried to great lengths.
assize	By the Local Government (Ireland) Act 1898, Belfast became for assize purposes the county of the city of Belfast, with a high sheriff.
associationism	Finally, the psychology of Hobbes, though too undeveloped to guide the thoughts or even perhaps arrest the attention of Locke, when essaying the scientific analysis of knowledge, came in course of time (chiefly through James Mill) to be connected with the theory of associationism developed from within the school of Locke, in different ways, by Hartley and Hume; nor is it surprising that the later associationists, finding their principle more distinctly formulated in the earlier thinker, should sometimes have been betrayed into affiliating themselves to Hobbes rather than to Locke.
assoc	Assoc. Rep., 1895, p. 636.
associative	But signs of associative memory are almost, if not entirely, wanting.
associationist	In the field covered by scholastic logic Mill is frankly associationist.
assist	The money would assist in taking care of her schooling.
assortative	A third form of selection, which may affect the composition of the next generation without of necessity involving a differential death-rate or a differential fertility, is assortative mating, or the tendency of those members of one sex which exhibit a particular character to mate only with members of the other sex which exhibit the same or some other definite character.
assonance	The redaction of the whole work is due to Alexandre de Bernai, who replaced the original assonance by rhyme.
assorted	He then sat at the table, helping himself and his companion to the assorted pastries.
assuage	I did what little I could to assuage my guilt.
assurance	He had the assurance of winning the contest.
assortment	Deidre ran back up to her room and looked over the assortment of shoes.
assuredly	His voice is assuredly not that of a partisan of a discredited and overborne faction.
assumption	I'm sorry I jumped to that assumption wrongly.
assumed	She assumed he was still on a fact finding mission of his own.
assuming	Assuming this is true, what was the price?
assume	Pete will assume I can take care of you.
assyriology	In 1891 he was elected professor of Assyriology at Oxford.
astatic	Attention was first directed to the possibility of rendering ordinary pendulums more truly astatic by Professor Thomas Gray, who suggested methods by which this might be accomplished.
assured	Assured that it had not, she turned back to him.
aster	The china aster is now one of the most popular of summer and fall plants.
asterisk	Hannah was confused by the asterisk in her math homework, because she didn't know it meant to multiply.
asteroid	And what would happen if a giant asteroid hit Earth?
assure	They are sound sleepers, I assure you.
asterism	The superfluous asterism, named Abhijit, included the bright star a Lyrae, under whose influence the gods had vanquished the Asuras.
astern	Bonham Carter went full speed ahead with the starboard engine and full speed astern with the port to turn her round.
assyrian	Hezekiah improved the defences and arranged for a good water supply, preparatory to the siege by Sennacherib, the Assyrian general.
astonish	The quality and varieties of textiles and pottery astonish the collector.
astir	These were early astir and flocked to the polls in great glee, determined to exercise of their newly acquired rights.
astonishing	His memory was astonishing, his energy indefatigable.
astonishment	A look of astonishment crossed his face as he turned.
asthmatic	I am an asthmatic, can I carry an inhaler?
astigmatism	Airy, the astronomer, corrected his own astigmatism by means of a cylindrical lens.
astonishingly	We know astonishingly little of him personally.
astigmatic	The interval O'O, termed the astigmatic difference, increases, in general, with the angle W made by the principal ray OP with the axis of the system, i.e.
astound	Kate Spade, a Kansas City, Missouri native, continues to astound the fashion world with her keen sense of style and unique apparel and accessory items.
astonished	They were astonished at her command of language.
astray	The radar led you astray.
astounding	Next came an astounding transformation.
astoundingly	Not only is it full of high quality brushes, but it is also astoundingly affordable!
astragalus	Besides the grasses there are leguminous plants valuable for pasture - Astragalus, Vicia (wild vetch), Lathyrus (wild pea) of which there are many species.
astral	Even the secrets of using the deck for astral projection are here.
astrakhan	A very large industry in Bukhara is the export of Astrakhan lamb skins (called locally Karakul).
astride	Riding astride is sometimes recommended for women.
asthma	He was afflicted with asthma, and his retirement was relieved only by the society of a few chosen friends.
astringent	The physical properties of the powder also give it a mild astringent action.
astringency	The astringency renders the fruit somewhat unpalatable, but after it has been subjected to the action of frost, or has become partially rotted or bletted like a medlar, its flavour is improved.
astrologer	Upon the seventh day after the birth an astrologer is invited to cast the nativity of the child.
astrology	Astrology, geography, physical science and natural theology were their favourite studies.
astrologically	When it works well astrologically, some compatible astrology signs just click.
astronaut	Buzz Aldrin is a retired astronaut and part of the first lunar landing of Apollo 11.
astrolabe	These works are lost; but their titles, combined with expressions in the letters of Synesius, who consulted her about the construction of an astrolabe and a hydroscope, indicate that she devoted herself specially to astronomy and mathematics.
astronomer	Sir William Herschel was the first astronomer who measured position angles; the instrument he employed is described in Phil.
astrometry	Accurate optical astrometry would locate these peaks relative to the nucleus as defined by the radio core, and so resolve this ambiguity.
astronomically	As a general statement, wines in the 90 and above rankings will be more expensive, some astronomically expensive.
astute	A brave soldier, an experienced and astute general, he was never happier than when engaged in war.
astrological	In scientific and astrological works, the numerals, as, in Sanskrit, are expressed by symbolical words.
astrophysics	From 1872 he held the chair of astrophysics at Leipzig University.
astrophysical	An English translation of this paper is given in the Astrophysical Journal, xxiv.
astuteness	In his attitude towards Arabi, the would-be saviour of Egypt, Abd-ul-Hamid showed less than his usual astuteness, and the resulting consolidation of England's hold over the country contributed still further to his estrangement from Turkey's old ally.
astutely	At the same time he astutely avoided offending the party in England which was opposed to James.
asunder	In Crete she was said to have issued from a cloud burst asunder by Zeus.
astronomical	The odds against the coincidence were astronomical, until I considered the facts.
asymmetric	Although containing an asymmetric carbon atom it has not been resolved.
asymmetry	There is nothing in their mode of life which will afford an explanation of the asymmetry which is a developmental phenomenon.
astronomy	C. Watson's Theoretical Astronomy is the most complete in the English language.
asymmetrical	Other than cataclysm, asymmetrical attack, or government gone wild, we have little to worry about.
asymmetrically	Between them is situated, sometimes asymmetrically, the prominent intromittent organ.
asymptotic	Dynamo models of our Galaxy as a flattened spheroid have been investigated, using asymptotic analytic methods and high resolution numerical techniques.
asymptotically	Taking this ideal limit as a theoretical or absolute zero, the value of H may be represented on the diagram by the whole area included between the two adiabatics BAZ, CDZ' down to the points where they intersect the isothermal of absolute zero, or the zero isopiestic OV asymptotically at infinity.
asymptomatic	In fact, some 25 to 50 percent of rubella infections are asymptomatic.
asynchronous	Next, a summary of the three aforementioned papers related to asynchronous circuits is included.
at	He was not hurt at all.
asymptote	The area of the loop, which equals the area between the curve and its asymptote, is 3a/2.
asylum	Let him prepare an asylum for them in Russia!
ate	I ate a while ago on my break.
atc	Enter the altitude (ALT) as given by ATC & set your indicated airspeed (IAS ).
ataxic	Children with ataxic cerebral palsy often have balance issues, shaky movements of hands or feet and speech problems.
atheist	I know an atheist who says ' Oh god!
atelier	Atelier - A video based art program aimed at the needs of homeschool students and their parents.
ataxia	Its most effective use, however, is as a nerve tonic in paralysis agitans, locomotor ataxia, impotence and nervous exhaustion.
atheism	Atheism has to meet the protest of the heart as well as the argument of the mind of mankind.
atheistic	The atheistic Republic did not for one moment think of putting on sackcloth, or even of giving the Church a single proof of esteem and sympathy.
atheistical	Their sanguinary violence was combined with an anti-religious policy, not atheistical, but inspired by mistrust of the clergy, and by a civic and deistic creed that was a direct outcome of the federations.
athenaeum	In Portsmouth are an Athenaeum (1817), with a valuable library; a public library (1881); a city hall; a county court house; a United States customs-house; a soldiers' and sailors' monument; an equestrian t Island 'Portsmouth ' ?Cd'i .9?-?.
athirst	On the rzth of June Knollys wrote to Cecil at once the best description and the noblest panegyric extant of the queen of Scots - enlarging, with a brave man's sympathy, on her indifference to form and ceremony, her daring grace and openness of manner, her frank display of a great desire to be avenged of her enemies, her readiness to expose herself to all perils in hope of victory, her delight to hear of hardihood and courage, commending by name all her enemies of approved valour, sparing no cowardice in her friends, but above all things athirst for victory by any means at any price, so that for its sake pain and peril seemed pleasant to her, and wealth and all things, if compared with it, contemptible and vile.
atheroma	The older you become, the more likely you are to develop atheroma.
atherosclerosis	The most important thing is to prevent atherosclerosis from developing.
athletically	In some athletically competitive families, children are held back and start school one year later because parents believe this will give them an edge in high school sports that require strength and size.
athleticism	He attributed his lack of athleticism to his skis.
athwart	Simultaneously the frame as a whole tends to slide horizontally athwart the rails,.
athenian	These years mark the zenith of Athenian greatness.
athletics	She instructed certain of her favourites in gymnastics and athletics, as a useful training for war.
athlete	The athlete took medication so that he would not wheeze.
atm	Have your transaction, including any deposit envelopes, ready before you get to the ATM.
atmospherics	The atmospherics were so electric that at times, I remember thinking that the roof of the building was come clean off.
athletic	There are athletic institutions, and football is quite a popular game.
atlas	You will need an atlas to use for your geography homework.
atoll	The Aldabra Islands constitute an atoll consisting of an oval ring of land, some 40 m.
atlantic	When, however, the Civil War began, he volunteered into the navy, was rated acting master's mate, and became a midshipman in October 1861, and a lieutenant in July 1862, serving in the North Atlantic blockading squadron.
atomicity	These include a means to refine the atomicity of operations and events; a means to mechanize the refinement checking process.
atmospheric	The largest pond is as sensitive to atmospheric changes as the globule of mercury in its tube.
atom	An atom is made up of protons, neutrons, and electrons.
atomist	The atomist would say, Yes, it is broken up into its atoms, and these are distributed throughout the spaces between the particles of water.
atomism	Between Leucippus and Democritus there is an interval of at least forty years; accordingly, while the beginnings of Atomism are closely connected with the doctrines of the Eleatics, the system as developed by Democritus is conditioned by the sophistical views of his time, especially those of Protagoras.
atmosphere	The atmosphere felt stiff and formal, as if this was not part of their routine.
atomistic	Metrodorus of Chios was an important member of the Atomistic school.
atomizer	The drug may be given in a mixture with glycerine or liquorice to cover the disagreeable taste or it may be used in a spray by means of an atomizer.
atonement	A doctrine of atonement makes the following presuppositions.
atone	Grown to manhood he took service under Tiridates, now king of Armenia, in order by his own fidelity to atone for his father's treachery.
atop	She placed her hand atop his, assessing him.
atonic	U atonic keeps its ground.
atrial	The ventral side of the body in the atrial region is broad and convex, so that the body presents the appearance of a spherical triangle in transverse section, the apex being formed by the dorsal fin and the angles bordered by two hollow folds, the metapleural folds, each of which contains a continuous longitudinal lymph-space, the metapleural canal.
atomic	His book on Die modernen Theorien der Chemie, which was first published in Breslau in 1864, contains a discussion of relations between the atomic weights and the properties of the elements.
atrioventricular	Digoxin also acts indirectly by increasing parasympathetic activity via the vagus nerve, further slowing atrioventricular node conduction.
atresia	During a process called atresia, eggs are lost at some stage without maturing to ovulation.
atrociously	Gites may have been inexpensive but they were atrociously uncomfortable and their farmer owners were impossibly irascible.
atrophy	Atrophy can be caused by overwork.
atropine	The treatment is to empty the stomach by tube or by a non-depressant emetic. The physiological antidotes are atropine and digitalin or strophanthin, which should be injected subcutaneously in maximal doses.
atrocious	This atrocious act was soon avenged.
atrocity	It was the biggest terrorist atrocity in Spanish history.
atrophic	The loss of an eye will be followed by atrophy of the optic nerve; the tissues in a stump of an amputated limb show atrophic changes; a paralysed limb from long disuse shows much wasting; and one finds at great depths of the sea fishes and marine animals, which have almost completely lost the organs of sight, having been cut off for long ages from the stimuli (light) essential for these organs, and so brought into an atrophic condition from disuse.
atrium	There are likewise two pulmonary veins, entering the left atrium by one orifice.
attachment	Much as she loved them both, she was beginning to form a special attachment to Tim.
atrophied	He remains, in his atrophied heart, a shrewd communist apparatchik.
attain	Both trees occasionally attain a height of 90 ft.
attachable	It also comes with an attachable neck strap to wear for more security and support.
attacker	The attacker fell into the pit with an abruptly short scream.
attainder	Thus three of the rebel lords were pardoned after impeachment and attainder in 1715.
attainable	This rank is the highest attainable rank in the Boy Scouts.
attar	The genuine attar of roses is costly and it is frequently adulterated.
attend	My king, I must attend to the preparations.
attainment	His object is the attainment of truth in matters of fact.
attached	Mr. Marsh was in a coma and attached to life support machines.
attention	But he paid no attention to her warning.
attentive	He was attentive and understanding.
attentional	Furthermore, they suggest that the attentional blink disrupts a wide range of processes in the visual system.
attentively	Princess Mary listened attentively to what he told her.
attenuate	Attenuate lines become sunbeams and grass, splotches of color are read as flowers and lakes.
attendant	The flight attendant approached and asked, Can I get you anything?
attentiveness	However, even husbands and wives can surprise their spouses with a bit of attentiveness.
attenuation	Oliver Heaviside showed mathematically that uniformly-distributed inductance in a telephone line would diminish both attenuation and distortion, and that if the inductance were great enough and the insulation resistance not too high the circuit would be distortionless, while currents of all frequencies would be equally attenuated.
attempt	This would be the only attempt they would make.
attendance	Howie was the only other person in attendance for the service.
attach	But with a bike there's nothing I can attach to.
attestation	We're going to need an attestation from another witness to confirm if the events happened as you claim.
attest	And we all know about those that optimize for cost and nutrition but the resulting food tastes awful; I have consumed enough wheatgrass to attest to this.
attended	We'd be happy if you attended our gala.
attitude	She was tired of fighting, tired of his attitude, tired of everything.
attack	For whatever reason, people like to attack me.
attorney	Unfortunately, my attorney thinks they have a pretty good case.
atticism	With the general decay of ancient civilization under the Roman empire, even scientific research ceased, and though there were literary revivals, like that connected with the new Atticism under the Antonine emperors, these were mainly imitative and artificial, and even learning became at last under the Byzantine emperors a jejune and formal tradition (see Greek Literature).
attraction	Maybe that was the attraction she felt for people like Yancey and Allen.
attractively	The city is attractively laid out on high bluffs above the river.
attractant	Octenol is an (optional but highly recommended and super efficient) additional attractant.
attic	She is prominent as the promoter of agriculture in Attic legend.
attractiveness	An extensive system of city and suburban parks, connected by a series of beautiful drives, adds to the city's attractiveness.
attractor	The leaves are strongly aromatic, a good attractor for bees.
attire	I wasn't sure what would be appropriate attire for the restaurant.
attributable	The general conclusion would appear to be that, while as seen from the earth's surface much of the light from the sky is due to comparatively gross suspended matter, yet an appreciable proportion is attributable to the molecules of air themselves, and that at high elevations where the blue is purer, the latter part may become predominant.
attribution	Without proper attribution, it steals the ideas, the work and the efforts of another writer and declares them your own.
attract	Why wouldn't it attract Lori?
attribute	His usual attribute is the bow.
attrition	When the attrition is carried further, so that the grain is reduced to small round pellets, it is termed pearl barley.
attractive	The woman smiled, creating an attractive dimple at the corner of her mouth.
aubergine	A gold base deeply chiselled in wave-diaper and overrun with a paste of aubergine purple is the most pleasing.
attune	As developers attune to the wants and needs of Facebook users, Facebook profile trackers were born.
auburn	Her auburn curls lay in no particular style – so much like her father.
aubade	And having been in existence for more than a century, the Aubade has solidified its theory of seduction.
atypical	Panna cotta makes an excellent and atypical dessert.
audacity	I can't believe she had the audacity to ask me to do her work for her.
auctioneer	As an itinerant auctioneer he became well acquainted with the Germans in the S.E.
audaciously	This poem is valuable, as, presuming upon the sufficiency of his disguise, Tristan audaciously gives a resume of his feats and of his relations with Iseult, in this agreeing with the version of Thomas.
audacious	This was a second and a more audacious compromise.
audio	Unwilling to face him, she turned on the audio portion.
audibly	He sighed audibly and rubbed the back of his neck again.
audible	He leaned close to his aunt and spoke in an audible whisper.
audiogram	And, importantly, it means that when hearing aids are delivered, our dispensers have the original digital audiogram with them.
audiology	The University of Florida is currently offering a doctoral distance learning program in audiology.
audiologist	Unlike many doctors, an audiologist typically works a normal amount of hours in a week.
audiometer	The most common method of assessing hearing ability is with the audiometer.
audiometric	Audiometric techniques are also used when an individual has vertigo or dizziness, since many hearing and vestibular or balance problems are related.
audit	To agree the price for the internal audit 13.
auction	You've got your big auction on Wednesday.
audiometry	Both air conduction and bone conduction of sounds are evaluated by audiometry.
auditorium	Alex nodded as he turned toward the auditorium door.
audience	The audience laughed and he glanced up at the stage.
auditor	The city auditor, treasurer and solicitor are elected, as under the code.
auditing	Currently providing aromatherapy, reflexology will be auditing in near future.
augment	We need to augment the ring to five.
audition	The open audition threw up lots of great talent.
auger	These figures do not auger well for the future of British farming.
auditory	Auditory organs of a simple type are present in most insects.
aug	He came into prominence in Aug.
augmentation	The augmentation of labor did not appear in the analysis.
augite	They are soft and lustrous, with a peculiarly smooth feel, and though often confounded with mica-schists may be distinguished by their richness in magnesia; many of them contain tremolite or actinolite; others have residual grains of olivine or augite; and here also every gradation can be found between the unmodified igneous types and the perfectly metamorphic schists.
aught	Do not exaggerate in your religion nor utter aught concerning Allah save the truth.
augmentative	Acupuncture is another augmentative approach that may be effective for some patients.
augury	It was during his stay in Asia (20 B.C.) that the Parthian king Phraates voluntarily restored the Roman prisoners and standards taken at Carrhae (53 B.C.), a welcome tribute to the respect inspired by Augustus, and a happy augury for the future.
augur	As the augur looked south he had the east, the lucky quarter, on his left, and therefore signs on the left side were considered favourable, those on the right unfavourable.
aulic	In February 1793 he entered the service of the emperor as an imperial aulic councillor.
auk	The southern coast and its inland waters are frequented by several species of petrel, among which are the Procellaria gigantea, whose strength and rapacity led the Spaniards to call it quebranta huesos (breakbones), the Puffinus cinereus, which inhabits the inland channels in large flocks, and an allied species (Puffinuria Berardii) which inhabits the inland sounds and resembles the auk in some particulars of habit and appearance.
augustan	The authors of the Augustan age are unduly depreciated, while Ennius, Plautus, Laberius, Sallust are held up as models of imitation.
augmented	Other states also showed a largely augmented product.
aureate	In language they are still Scottish; if they show any southern affectations, it is (all echoes of the older aureate style notwithstanding) the affectation of Tudor and Elizabethan English.
aura	Jessi gazed up at him, overwhelmed by the compelling aura around him, without understanding it.
auntie	Auntie Hannah says she'd be my mom for all time, so I wouldn't have to have any other moms.
aural	Overall, I'm satisfied with the visual and aural experience.
aunt	We kept in touch with Aunt Clara.
aurelian	The judicial authorities requested a rescript from the emperor Aurelian for the decision of the cause.
auricle	Aperture by which the left auricle joins the ventricle.
aurelia	Along the west coast the Via Aurelia ran up to Pisa and was continued by another Via Aemiia to Genoa.
auricular	As public penance finally decayed, and auricular confession took its place, these were superseded by the Summae de Poenitentia, - law-books in the strictest sense.
auric	Auric sight is the ability to sense the colors of the auras of individuals.
aureole	Siberia. Aureole, Citrina, Baroni, and Sovereign are modern hybrid sorts of much value.
auricula	Prasinidae.-Shell inequilateral, with anterior umbones and prominent anterior auricula; cardinal border arched..
auriferous	The extraction of gold from auriferous minerals by fusion, except as an incident in their treatment for other metals, is very rarely practised.
august	The doctor set a due date of August 17th.
auroral	Sunlight is not the only disturbing cause in estimates of auroral frequency.
aurora	The Aurora reached Cape Evans on Jan.
aurochs	From the aurochs (zimbru), in pursuit of which Dragosh first arrived on the banks of the Moldova, is derived the ox-head of the Moldavian national arms, and from his favourite hound who perished in the waters the name of the river.
auscultation	This is the most important assessment and can be determined by auscultation with a stethoscope or palpation at the junction of the umbilical cord and skin.
aussie	He then followed that up winning a 10E bet by getting into bed with Aussie barman Dave!
austerely	It is quite certain that Bunyan was, at eighteen, what, in any but the most austerely puritanical circles, would have been considered as a young man of singular gravity and innocence.
austere	The Sanctuary was plain to the point of austere, with no luxuries.
auspices	From the election of 1887 the Riel agitation ceased to seriously influence politics, but the fiscal controversy continued under new forms. Between 1887 and 1891 a vigorous agitation was kept up under Liberal auspices in favour of closer trade relations with the United States, at first under the name of Commercial Union and later under that of Unrestricted Reciprocity.
austerity	His pride and austerity made him unpopular at court and he left the country in 1642, settling at last in Padua, where he died in 1646.
australoid	The Melanochroi are not considered by Huxley to be one of the primitive modifications of mankind, but rather to be the result of the admixture of the Xanthochroi with the Australoid type, next to be mentioned.
austenite	These freezing-point curves and transformation curves thus divide the diagram into 8 distinct regions, each with its own specific state or constitution of the metal, the molten state for region 1, a mixture of molten metal and of solid austenite for region 2, austenite alone for region 4 and so on.
auspicious	He made an auspicious debut in the school play.
austral	Other species are exclusively tropical or austral in their range.
authentic	The effigy on it may be taken to be an authentic portrait.
authentication	The regulations will require games in which players can kill other players to have identity authentication systems; these systems will require each player to enter their Citizen ID Card number in order to play a game.
authentically	It's not very authentically Spanish, or politically shrewd.
authoress	He married Pauline Cassin, the authoress of the Peelle de Madeleine and other well-known novels.
authenticate	Its primary object was to authenticate the relics of St James at Compostella.
authorisation	An authorisation for cultivation for Bt11 maize is pending and has not yet been granted.
authoritarian	Authoritarian parents are strict disciplinarians, often relying on physical punishment and the withdrawal of affection to shape their child's behavior.
australian	There are no mountains behind the Great Australian Bight.
authenticity	The authenticity of the quote has occasionally been disputed, but without reason.
austrian	The Austrian soldiers already held the town.
authority	Now he was exerting his authority in another way.
authoritatively	This was the only authoritatively prescribed fast known to Tertullian (De jejunio, 2, 13, 14; De oratione, 18).
authorize	The Port Authority has full powers to authorize construction works.
authorization	A century later, in 1767, the authorization was extended over the whole kingdom by an act of George III.
auto	The auto charger was in the car, but she had a plug-in type at home.
authorship	Ioo, as is commonly assumed by critics who reject the authorship by Luke.
authoritative	His character was at once authoritative and weak.
autoantibody	Animal survival was not modified and serum autoantibody levels were similar in exposed and sham-exposed groups.
autobiography	His Autobiography was published in 1850.
autobiographical	It possesses an introduction of great autobiographical interest.
autobahn	Bryan's 52 lane autobahn painted a extreme scenario of the outcome of Knighton's masterplan.
autism	There are 500,000 families across the UK affected by autism.
autocad	Other desirable attributes would include analog and digital circuit design, AutoCad, networking and an understanding of the Marine environment.
autocephalous	The Bulgarian, Servian, Montenegrin and Greek churches are, however, in reality autocephalous.
author	It's a famous author named Miss Gladys Turnbull.
autochthonous	The earliest inhabitants of Laconia, according to tradition, were the autochthonous Leleges.
autistic	Can children with autistic spectrum disorders perceive affect in music?
autoclave	A modern piercing is performed using jewelry and equipment that is either single use and sterile or that has been sterilized in an autoclave sterilization machine.
autocracy	In some islands hereditary autocracy prevailed; in others the government was elective.
autocratically	The revolution in Turkey had entirely changed the face of the Eastern Question; the problem of Macedonian reform was swallowed up in that of the reform of the Ottoman empire generally, there was even a danger that a rejuvenated Turkey might in time lay claim to the provinces occupied by Austria-Hungary under the treaty of Berlin; in any case, the position of these provinces, governed autocratically from Vienna, between a constitutional Turkey and a constitutional Austria-Hungary, would have been highly anomalous.
autocrat	He is a second autocrat, he concluded with a victorious smile.
autocratic	At the age of twenty he found himself possessed of effective autocratic power.
autographic	Several ingenious applications of his method were proposed and practically worked, as, for example, the copying telegraph of Bakewell and of Cros, by means of which a telegram may be transmitted in the sender's own handwriting; the pantelegraph of Caselli; the autographic telegraphs of Meyer, Lenoir, Sawyer and others; and the autographic typo-telegraph of Bonelli; all forms of the apparatus have, however, fallen into disuse.
autogenous	Factors of interest Autogenous bone is considered to be the gold standard material for repairing bone defects around dental implants.
autograph	It took twenty minutes for him to weave his way through the crowd to the autograph table.
autologous	Since there is no need for laboratory investigations such as typing and crossmatching, autologous blood is more quickly reinfused than donor blood.
autoimmune	It is important that people with autoimmune hepatitis eat a healthy diet.
automatically	Something touched her hand and she lifted it automatically, glancing down.
autolysis	The efficacy of this dressing to promote autolysis has been identified through a randomized controlled trial undertaken by Bale et al.
autolytic	This amyloid substance is slowly and imperfectly digested by pepsin - digestion being more complete with trypsin and by autolytic enzymes.
automaticity	The point to memorizing math facts is to help your child with automaticity.
automate	Consider using an online website builder wizard to automate the creation process.
automatism	Motor Automatism, on the other hand, is a non-reflex movement of a voluntary muscle, executed in the waking state but not controlled by the ordinary waking consciousness.
automata	Man and the animals as thus described are compared to automata, and termed machines.
automation	Adding automation to any process or activity needing streamlining.
automobile	He waited in the dark nearly twenty minutes before hearing an automobile approach.
automatics	Manual transmission vehicles are usually lower in price and better in gas mileage, while automatics are more expensive and worse on gas.
automaton	The best way is to build and simulate an automaton for the pattern.
autonomous	The ancient Mexican tribe was composed of twenty autonomous kins.
autonomously	Within the cells there are numerous intracellular compartments that operate more or less autonomously from the rest of the cell.
autonomic	The autonomic nervous system is responsible for sending signals to the circulatory system to ensure proper blood circulation and respiration.
autopilot	He rose, as if on autopilot, turned, and faced the window.
automotive	They had the hindsight of 60 years of automotive development.
autonomy	They will require autonomy at later stages.
autopsy	I saw the autopsy photo.
automatic	The prin ciple of the modern automatic sight is made clear in figs.
autoroute	AutoRoute 2006 quickly recalculates directions from a new location.
autotune	They refer to min default max of the autotune buffers.
auxiliary	The brakes are magnetic, with auxiliary handbrakes.
autumnal	Another fact in favour of autumnal planting is the production of roots in winter.
auxin	The other involves dipping the cut flowering shoots in a chemical called auxin, a plant hormone.
available	The number of choices available added to the confusion.
aux	Besides these, certain other taxes (taxes assimilies aux contributions direcles) are included under the heading of direct taxation, e.g.
av	From the series for G and H just obtained it is easy to verify that dH = - 7rvG, dv av - dG _ 7rvH -1.
avarice	To the cruelty and avarice of Charles he opposed a generous humanity.
avail	They were fortunately able to avail themselves of it.
avaricious	He showed indeed none of the avaricious temper so common among the politicians of the time.
avalanche	Dodging a caprine avalanche, she joined Alex again.
autumn	It was a clear bright autumn day, a Sunday.
ave	If u get one done make it a nice one... wat do u ave in mind?
avatar	They allege that the tenth Avatar has yet to occur and will be in the form of a white-winged horse (Kalki) who will destroy the earth.
avens	On walks ashore you find amazingly lush vegetation, including mountain avens, saxifrages, poppies, cotton grass and white bell heather.
avenger	Her leader was Hannibal, grandson and avenger of the Hamilcar who had died at Himera.
aventurine	In his earlier years he devoted himself to chemistry, both theoretical and applied, publishing papers on the preparation of gold and platinum, numerical relations between the atomic weights of analogous elements, the formation of aventurine glass, the manufacture of illuminating gas from wood, the preservation of oil-paintings, &c. The reaction known by his name for the detection of bile acids was published in 1844.
aver	Some writers aver that the piles were charged with gunpowder.
avenge	Forgive thy enemy, do not avenge thyself except by doing him good.
availability	We are used to non-rationed goods, unlimited food in grocery stores, and the overall widespread availability of inexpensive quality products.
averse	But constituents were averse to paying their members, no Speaker was elected, the reform never came into being.
avert	She didn't avert her gaze this time.
averaging	The city has also a large trade in cotton, the annual receipts averaging about ioo,000 bales.
aversion	He was remarkable for ugliness, and was an object of aversion to his parents.
avenue	It covers the sides of a long hill, its main avenue being a winding roadway leading to a small palace.
aviary	Lorikeet Glen - An aviary for guests to walk through and explore.
avian	Until relatively recently avian flu was thought only to infect birds.
avestan	Whilst the Soma-sacrifice has been thus developed by the Brahmanas in an extraordinary degree, its essential identity with the Avestan Haoma-cult shows that its origin goes back at all events to the Indo-Iranian period.
avesta	The earlier conception of Varuna is singularly similar to that of Ahuramazda of the Avesta.
aviation	The subject of aviation is admittedly one of extreme difficulty.
aviator	The most famous aviator at Tibenham was James Stewart.
avidity	In political economy this avidity for facts produced better fruits.
avifauna	In 1873 Elwes pointed out that the Himalayan avifauna extended into north-west China and established the Himalo-Chinese sub-region.
avionics	For an aircraft, for example, such components might include the airframe, engine and avionics systems.
avidly	He avidly collected exotic, fast cars.
avid	An avid reader, she also regularly indulgesin retail therapy.
avocado	The Alligator or Avocado Pear is Persea gratissima, a member of the natural order Lauraceae, and a native of the West Indies and other parts of tropical America.
avocet	On the plains a few waders breed, as the avocet, western willet and longbilled curlew; but most are birds of passage.
avoirdupois	In some districts, especially in Yorkshire, the count is based on the number of yards per ounce, and in others the older method of drams avoirdupois per woo yard skein.
avow	In 1795 he married her privately, but did not avow his marriage till 1802.
avouch	I can avouch that he is a good violin player because I have seen him practice for years.
avowal	But yet there was evidence of innocence in his open avowal of admiration.
avoidance	You are very skilled at avoidance, you know.
average	Our kind tend to live much longer than the average human.
avuncular	For many young men, an avuncular man serves as a role model.
awake	I was awake half the night.
avulsion	This is called a partial nail avulsion (PNA ).
avowedly	In these, however, the religious was avowedly subordinate to a political motive, viz.
avoidable	However, most of these accidents are easily avoidable.
awakening	He stopped as if awakening from a dream and lifted his head.
avoid	You can't avoid conflict all the time.
avowed	Already the boy had avowed his resolve to be a soldier.
awareness	The movement brought a painful awareness of how stiff her muscles were becoming.
awash	The majority of his body was moderately awash with passion and Ethel was as warm and soft as ever.
away	One wicked witch named Mombi stole him and carried him away, keeping him as a prisoner.
awesome	I've got an awesome wife.
awaken	His scientific studies and discoveries awaken only an historical interest.
awful	You must feel awful about it.
awe	Jessi didn't have to look to know where Xander was; a look of awe crept into the faces of both teens.
awfully	I'm awfully glad you're my brother.
awesomely	It was blasphemy against the spirit, or the unpardonable sin, a sin so awesomely bad that it can not be forgiven.
award	The first award was made in 1831.
awestruck	Awestruck only touches on what you'll feel.
aware	The people didn't seem to be aware of me.
awkwardly	For a moment they stood awkwardly over the grave.
awfulness	Colin Robinson is at best tiptoeing round the awfulness of the corporate world.
awkwardness	No awkwardness existed today.
awn	The wild oat, moreover, has a long stiff awn, usually twisted near the base.
awl	His weapons, tools and other appliances such as the hammer, hatchet, spear, knife, awl, thread, net, canoe, &c., are the evident rudimentary analogues of what still remains in use among Europeans.
awoke	I awoke at the carnival.
await	I'll await your call.
axe	A moment later, he dropped the axe and ran.
awned	Each spikelet contains a solitary flower with two outer small barren glumes, above which is a large tough, compressed, often awned, flowering glume, which partly encloses the somewhat similar pale.
awol	After going AWOL, the group was eventually caught and arrested in Gulf Breeze, Florida.
awkward	You just put me in an awkward position.
awning	I was sometimes tempted to stretch an awning over them and take my seat there.
awry	Sadly, even the best laid plans sometimes go awry.
ax	He swung the ax again.
axile	The question is one x, Stout axile strand.
axeman	At the end of 1966, the twins hatched a plot to free Frank Mitchell, the mad axeman.
axial	In birds we distinguish between the following regions of the axial skeleton.
axially	An oblate flattened body, like a disk or plate, has c 2 -c 1 negative, so that the medium steers the body axially; this may be verified by a plate dropped in water, and a leaf or disk or rocket-stick or piece of paper falling in air.
axil	The female flowers are equally simple, consisting of a bract, from whose axil arises usually a very short stalk, surmounted by two carpels adherent one to the other for their whole length, except that the upper ends of the styles are separated into two stigmas.
axilla	Arising as a long tendon from the sterno-scapular ligament, it passes the axilla by means of a fibrous pulley, accompanies the axillary vessels and nerves along the humerus, and is inserted by a few fleshy fibres on the base of the last two or three cubital quills.
awhile	Maybe you should hold off awhile until your shoulder gets better.
axillae	They are both reddish yellow and brownish black (according to individual variation) in skin colour, with head hair often tending to russet, and body hair of two kinds - black and bristly on the upper lip, chin, chest, axillae and pubes; and yellowish and fleecy on the cheeks, back and limbs.
axiomatic	It's axiomatic to say that life is not always easy.
axiom	You cannot keep using that unproven axiom as the basis for your paper.
axes	Axes and choppers were plied all around.
axillary	The flowers are generally arranged in terminal or axillary clusters, and are markedly regular with the same number of parts in each series.
axle	The pulley E is driven from an axle of the carriage.
axon	On the other hand, in some neurons, after severance of the axon from the rest of the cell (spinal motor cell), the whole nerve cell as well as the severed axon degenerates, and may eventually die and be removed.
ay	The burnt clay moreover carried Cl ay with it potash and other materials in a state readily available to the crops.
azalea	The total absence of a few of the more common forms of northern Europe and Asia should also be noticed, among which may be named Tilia, Fagus, Arbutus, Erica, Azalea and Cistacae.
aye	Result The candidate was elected on a general aye.
ayatollah	Gareth Ainsworth was popular too for doing the ayatollah, Richard Langley wasn't.
azimuth	In the case of a horizontal line the azimuth is its deviation from the north or south direction.
azote	Thus oxygen gas, at the end of the 18th century, was known as dephlogisticated air, nitrogen or azote as phlogisticated air, hydrogen as inflammable air, carbonic acid gas as fixed air.
b	Part B outlines the new policy, which promotes sustainable agriculture, and Part C focuses on policy implementation.
azure	In regard to colour and design the Taj ranks first in the world for purely decorative workmanship; while the perfect symmetry of its exterior once seen can never be forgotten, nor the aerial grace of its domes, rising like marble bubbles into the azure sky.
axis	The purpose of his paper was to show that there is no problem if the axis is moved to the left.
aztec	Tattoos played a large role in the ancient Aztec culture as well.
baalism	The antagonism of Elijah was not against Baalism in general, but against the introduction of a rival deity.
ba	The necromancer of ba`al 'obh was held to be possessed of the spirit who spoke through him with a hollow voice.
baa	We may trace in all of them the ConsUtusame purpose of strengthening the power of the crown baa!
babble	At this age babies should coo and babble.
babe	At least she and her babe will live.
baba	At the end of the 18th century Baba Mahommed tried in vain to batter down the tomb with artillery.
baal	To this Baal the productiveness of the soil was due.
babel	A tradition similar to that of the tower of Babel is found in Central America.
babirusa	Unlike ordinary wild pigs, the babirusa produces uniformly coloured young.
baboon	The baboon have cheek pouches in which they can store food.
babu	The Brahma Samaj maintained a bare existence till 1841, when Babu Debendra Nath Tagore, a member of a famous and wealthy Calcutta family, devoted himself to it.
baccalaureate	The baccalaureate, licentiateship, and mastership formed three distinct degrees.
baccarat	Cubby, who was a big gambler, decided he would play baccarat every evening.
bacchae	Orpheus, in the manner of his death, was considered to personate the god Dionysus, and was thus the representative of the god torn to pieces every year, a ceremony enacted by the Bacchae in the earliest times with a human victim, afterwards with a bull to represent the bull-formed god.
bachelor	Maybe I've been a bachelor too long.
bacchic	The usual attributes of Silenus were the wine-skin (from which he is inseparable), a crown of ivy, the Bacchic thyrsus, the ass, and sometimes the panther.
bacchus	There is a marble oscillum of Bacchus in the British Museum.
back	Do you have to go back right away?
backache	Other signs include backache or that heavy feeling you get during your period.
bacillary	Clinically, dysentery manifests itself with varying degrees of intensity, and it is often impossible without microscopical examination to determine between the amoebic and bacillary forms. In well-marked cases the following are the chief symptoms. The attack is commonly preceded by certain premonitory indications in the form of general illness, loss of appetite, and some amount of diarrhoea, which gradually increases in severity, and is accompanied with griping pains in the abdomen (tormina).
bacilli	Biting and sucking insects have been found to carry the bacilli from one plant to another.
bacillus	It is now known that the plague was caused by a bacillus transmitted by rat fleas.
backboard	She pulled her knees to her chest and leaned against the backboard.
backfire	A woman wants to know that a man has a decent career, but flashing money around just for the sake of showing off may backfire.
backbone	He was the backbone for all of us.  I think we all feel his absence.
backer	Shia Islamist parties would be deprived of their backer.
backhand	His backhand sent her world reeling.
backhanded	Dean backhanded her again, following her to the ground.
backdrop	Against this backdrop, YouTube appears.
backlash	There was an inevitable backlash of incredulity.
backfill	Roman, Anglian and Anglo-Scandinavian pottery were recovered from the feature's single backfill.
backgammon	The object of Backgammon is to get all fifteen of your checkers off the board by moving them all into your inner quadrant and then removing them.
baby	How pretty the baby was!
backlist	Cass publishes more than 60 journals and 100 new book titles per year and has a backlist of more than 2,000 book titles.
backlight	Even in dim light you need not use backlight.
backless	The good news is that today's plus size fashions offer a good selection of backless tops, if you know where to shop.
backlog	The Safety maintenance backlog was reduced from £ 83 million to £ 71 million.
backing	I'm not backing out.
backpacking	The interior decoration reminds me of a Thai backpacking resort.
background	I saved it as the background on the iPad.
backpacker	The backpacker did not have a penchant for luxury travel.
backrest	Some seats have a reclining backrest which support their head when they nod off.
backside	She slapped his backside playfully.
backstage	Cash wrote the song backstage at one of his shows.
backpack	Ashley slung her backpack on a chair.
backsliding	Why start backsliding now that you've made solid progress for six weeks straight?
backslash	The closing tag was marked with a backslash to let the browser know that the anchor tag was closed.
backslide	In the same way, when you do eat something that really isn't part of your healthy diet plan, don't let it cause you to backslide to unhealthy eating as a way of life.
backspace	The user may later use the backspace or left arrow to access the skipped fields.
backstroke	She rolled over and smoothly converted to a backstroke in the opposite direction.
backward	She took a step backward and stared mutely up at his face.
backtrack	Every once in a while you'll have to backtrack to grab some gear or hack a computer.
backstreet	Backstreet Boys begin a summer headlining tour in mid-July.
backwardness	The one discouraging feature, from the Christian point of view, is the backwardness of Christendom in its great enterprise.
backtracking	That's psychology... Backtracking A fundamental feature of regular expression matching involves the notion called backtracking A fundamental feature of regular expression matching involves the notion called backtracking.
backwash	Run the pool filter continuously until the water is clear making sure to backwash the filter as often as necessary.
backyard	Keep it in the backyard and give it a doghouse?
backwater	Meshra-er-Rek, the chief station and trading centre of the first European visitors to the country, is on a backwater south of this lake.
backwoods	In the backwoods of Pennsylvania and Virginia there seemed to be better chances for a young adventurer.
backwoodsman	Throughout his life he remained in some respects a backwoodsman.
backwardly	After a series of moults it passes into the second larval stage, somewhat like the parent but differing in having each integumental ring armed with a fringe of backwardly directed short bristles.
backup	Always good to have a backup plan.
backwards	From a distance, it looked as if he leapt backwards into the abyss.
bacteriological	A laboratory is maintained for bacteriological and pathological researches and for the preparation of preventive vaccines.
bacteriologically	But whatever merits they had as clarifiers of turbid water, the advent of bacteriology, and the recognition of the fact that the bacteria of certain diseases may be water-borne, introduced a new criterion of effectiveness, and it was perceived that the removal of solid particles, or even of organic impurities (which were realized to be important not so much because they are dangerous to health per se as because their presence affords grounds for suspecting that the water in which they occur has been exposed to circumstances permitting contamination with infective disease), was not sufficient; the filter must also prevent the passage of pathogenic organisms, and so render the water sterile bacteriologically.
bacon	The scent of bacon reached her from the kitchen.
bacteria	Venter's plan is to use bacteria to brew fuel, much like we brew beer today.
bacteriology	The bacteriology of the infective diseases (with bibliography) is fully given in the System of Medicine, edited by Clifford Allbutt, (2nd ed., London, 1907).
bacteriophage	Sources include bacteriophage lambda, salmon sperm and even cloned human DNA.
bacteriostatic	Furthermore, macrolides have a bacteriostatic action by inhibiting the peptidyl transferase of ribosomes.
bacteriolytic	This is the mode of action of the anti-substances in the case of a haemolytic or bacteriolytic serum.
bade	In November 1827 he once more returned to the United States and bade farewell to public life.
bacteriuria	All patients with long-term catheters will develop a chronic bacteriuria; infection arises at the rate of about 5 - 10% per day.
baddie	How do you defeat the baddie at the end of the Beaver Forest level?
badly	Could you tell how badly he was hurt?
badger	The badger does not usually seek to attack, but, when driven to bay, its great muscular power and tough hide render it a formidable antagonist.
bacterium	In ordinary arable soil there exist motile rod-like bacteria, Bacterium radicicola.
badinage	Between the two of them, they keep up a relentless barrage of badinage.
bacterial	A bacterial infection when analysed is seen to be of the nature of an intoxication.
badlands	The patchwork of scattered cornfields interspersed with the region's crumbling, gray marl ' badlands ' forms a splendid wildlife habitat.
baffle	His speeches carry us but a little way beyond the mental range; his novels rather baffle than instruct.
baedeker	See latest editions of guidebooks to Lower Egypt (Baedeker, Murray, Macmillan).
badness	In popular usage conscience is generally understood to give intuitively authoritative decisions as regards the moral quality of single actions; this usage implicitly assumes that every action has an objective or intrinsic goodness or badness, which conscience may be said to discern much in the same way as the eye sees or the ear hears.
bad	No. I just had a bad dream.
bag	He had a bag in one hand.
badminton	Some other games to play in the pool include badminton or volleyball.
baggage	They possess many horses, but when journeying place their baggage on their oxen.
bagasse	Therefore, roughly speaking, one ton of beetroot may be considered 'to-day as of the same value as one ton of canes; the value of the refuse chips in one case, as food for cattle, being put against the value of the refuse bagasse, as fuel, in the other.
bagel	You may only toast two pieces of bread or two halves of a bagel at once.
bagful	Up front the three forward worked tirelessly and with more precision in front of goal could have had a bagful.
baggy	It's quite a nice number, quite smart and tight and not baggy Goth style either.
bagger	Carl Christian Bagger (1807-1846) published volumes in 1834 and 1836 which gave promise of a great future, - a promise broken by his early death.
baggie	Cookie carried all of her magic ingredients in a plastic baggie.
bafta	He didn't win the Oscar, but he did earn a Golden Globe and a BAFTA Award for his contribution to the film.
badge	He showed his badge, inches from the man's face.
bagging	The hemp fibre has always been valuable for the rope industry, and it was at one time very extensively used in the production of yarns for the manufacture of sail cloth, sheeting, covers, bagging, sacking, &c. Much of the finer quality is still made into cloth, but almost all the coarser quality finds its way into ropes and similar material.
bah	By law bah housing in full size futon cover the.
bahadur	He was succeeded by his brother, Maharaja Rameshwar Singh Bahadur, who was born on the 16th of January 1860, and on attaining his majority in 1878 was appointed to the Indian Civil Service, serving as assistant magistrate successively at Darbhanga, Chhapra and Bhagalpur.
bagpipe	This can range from bagpipe music to traditional Celtic folk music to anything remotely Pogues-like.
baguette	There were exotic cheeses, a crusty baguette, hard salami and melon wrapped in prosciutto.
bagpipes	Scottish bagpipeS The highland pipes are the best known of several types of Scottish bagpipe, and are very loud and powerful instruments.
baht	The tical (baht) is the unit of currency and also the unit of weight.
bail	He was released on bail on the 1st of December.
bait	Maybe they knew what kind of bait to throw out.
bailey	The walls around the bailey began to crumble.
bake	Alex would likely be home for lunch and she wanted to bake a chicken.
bailiwick	The Teutonic Order (q.v.), surviving in the Ballarde (Bailiwick) of Utrecht, was officially established in the Netherlands by the States General in 1580.
bailiff	This state of affairs appears to have continued until the accession of James I., and in 1595 the bailiff and constables of Hexham were removed as being infected with combination and toleration of thieves.
baker	The next large river is the Las Heras, or Baker, through which the waters of Lakes Buenos Aires and Pueyrredon, or Cochrane, find their way to the Pacific. Both of these large lakes are crossed by the boundary line.
bailout	The letter spelled out major reforms and austerity measures linked to a massive bailout of the Indonesia economy.
bairn	They've got order an ye've got a bairn.
bakelite	Here is an elegant stick I made using a recycled vintage Bakelite doorknob.
baize	Don't miss your chance to see the best on the green baize!
balaclava	You may decide to wear a regular helmet, a cap that fits under your helmet (often made of fleece), or a balaclava, which protects your whole face from the cold and wicks away moisture as well.
bakehouse	To these we have to add buildings for the attendants, kitchen, bakehouse, &c., and farm buildings.
balancer	We suggest that you always suspend them over the work bench using a balancer, which also improves productivity.
balaam	The ass had been introduced into the ritual of the church in the 9th century, representing either Balaam's ass, that which stood with the ox beside the manger at Bethlehem, that which carried the Holy Family into Egypt, or that on which Christ rode in triumph into Jerusalem.
bakery	A bakery box held four small French pastries.
balcony	He stood by the balcony door looking at the crowd.
balboa	Thus he came at length to stand on the verge of the Indian Ocean; gazing upon it, a writer has said, with as much delight as Balboa, when he crossed the Isthmus of Darien from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
balas	In 153 Alexander Balas withdrew Jonathan from his allegiance to Demetrius by the offer of the high-priesthood.
balanced	She wobbled and balanced herself against the wall.
baking	Having no metal or other vessels in which to boil water, all cooking is done by baking, generally in holes in the ground.
balbriggan	The town has considerable manufactures of cottons and hosiery, Balbriggan hose being well known.
balance	The balance of the weekend went well after a slow start.
balancing	Pierre trailed, balancing a plate of food.
baldachin	This baldachin, called liturgically the ciborium, is sometimes hung from the roof by chains in such a way that it can be lowered or raised; sometimes it is fixed to the wall or reredos; sometimes it is a solid structure of wood covered with metal or of marble supported on four columns.
bale	He nodded, reaching for another bale of hay.
baleful	The former vamp's baleful look remained, but his eyes were blue, not red.
balderdash	This is complete balderdash; Hutton's terms of reference were to investigate the circumstances surrounding Dr. Kelly's death.
baldness	Baldness is unknown, and many of the men wear beards.
bald	The little man shook his bald head.
balk	A balk is a log hewn or sawn to a square section, and varying in size from I 1 to 18 in.
baleen	Rorqual whales such as the fin and minke whales have much shorter, firmer baleen and feed by gulping.
ball	Julie never missed a ball, a promenade, or a play.
balding	A tall balding figure moved into the room.
baldric	Over his shoulder he wears a leather baldric decorated with the Tailor's coat of arms.
baler	She ran her hand over the smooth clean surface of the baler.
ballerina	Will she ever become the ballerina she longs to be?
ballad	The ballad supplied him with the outline of a simple and striking plot.
ballistics	But the shot advances during the combustion of the cordite, and the chief problem in interior ballistics is to adjust the G.D.
ballista	They had large war machine like catapults called ballista that fired arrows and a sort of giant catapult that fired massive pieces of rock.
balloon	Visit the Grand Canyon, travel to Scotland, hot air balloon ride.
ballistic	The following exercises will show the application of the ballistic table.
ballast	The weight of each leaf including ballast is about 1070 tons.
ballpoint	Use a ballpoint pen to draw over all of the lines on your pattern.
bally	I don't think he would be quite so outspoken if Bally was playing.
ballpark	The theories, however, are not even in the same ballpark.
ballyhoo	The age saw flagpole sitting public goldfish swallowing and other outdoor marathons to generate ballyhoo.
ballot	On the first ballot Lincoln received only 102 votes to 1732 for Seward.
balmy	The weather was balmy, adding to the enjoyment of the day.
ballet	A pair of ballet flats caught her attention, and Jessi pulled them on.
balsa	Structure The fuselage sides are sheet balsa, with balsa stringers attached to the outside aft of the cockpit.
ballroom	Just look at her! exclaimed the countess as she crossed the ballroom, pointing to Natasha.
baloney	I expected better of Alan than to recite such baloney.
balsamic	The cost of aged balsamic vinegar is tempered by the fact that a little bit goes a long way.
balls	If I'd had the balls to … he stopped.
balustrade	The irregularly shaped precinct around the temple was enclosed by a balustrade about 3 ft.
bamboo	They employ the bamboo for making drums and flutes.
bam	The game pulls you in and then bam!, the game is over.
balsam	This balsam gives the tree a fragrant odour when the leaves are unfolding.
banal	He doesn't like English poetry, he finds it very banal.
bambino	Rebel Maternity clothing is offered at Bambino Paradise.
balm	The prevalent bush plants are khansa (umbrella mimosa), acacias, aloes, and, especially, Boswellia and Commiphora, which yield highly fragrant resins and balsams, such as myrrh, frankincense (olibanum) and balm of Gilead.
band	A live band started playing a waltz and he dropped a hand to her waist.
bamboozle	Do n't bamboozle players with an excess of information.
bandage	She'd tried to change the bandage on her own.
banality	Whether the movie makes us feel infinite or make our sides ache with laughter, we are able to lose our everyday banality in memories of our own high school experiences.
baltic	Kronstadt is the naval headquarters in the Baltic, Sevastopol in the Black Sea and Vladivostok on the Pacific.
bandanna	He wears a bandanna over his face until near the end of the clip.
banana	While Dean stretched his muscles and alternated between bites of peanut butter sandwich and a banana, Fred perused the rest of the master lists.
ban	They may try to ban you from day trading given the current climate.
bandana	For an authentic western look, try faux leather or suede with red bandana trim.
bandicoot	However I do like crash bandicoot and monkey ball jr on it.
bandit	Try Bandit in other varietals, as well, such as Pinot Grigio.
banditti	He bore himself like a captain of banditti rather than a king in his own country.
banded	From the number of its cheek-teeth, the banded ant-eater has been regarded as related to some of the primitive Jurassic mammals; but this view is disputed by Mr Bensley, who regards this multiplicity of teeth as a degenerate feature.
bandwagon	However even Mr Murdoch seems to be keeping his options open by jumping on the latest Internet bandwagon.
bandwidth	We don't need bandwidth to be instant, just nearly instant.
bandleader	The late great bandleader rated Tony very highly and referred to him as A great singer with a great personality .
bandmaster	In time he would be appointed bandmaster, a post he held from 1935 until his death in November 1985.
bandeau	Batik is definitely in and Victoria's has it in multiple styles including the tankini, a flirty ruffled skirt with banded halter, and drop dead sexy bandeau top with low-rise bottom bikini, all from Beach Sexy.
baneful	It tended to destroy the power of self-command, and exposed the master to the baneful influences of flattery.
bandy	Authors were the big draw, and fans relished an opportunity to bandy words with the authors whose books meant so much to them.
bandolier	Anyone out there care to help find the wherewithal for Bandolier to do more?
banger	The Festival's famed Sausage Trail became a magnet for lovers of the British banger.
bandstand	The park had a bandstand used for Sunday afternoon concerts.
baneberry	The white Baneberry has white berries with red footstalks.
bangle	While the definition of the word bangle is a stiff usually ornamental bracelet or anklet slipped or clasped on or an ornamental disk that hangs loosely (as on a bracelet).
bane	My cruel teacher was the bane of my existence.
bank	A bank of clouds was building to the northeast.
banish	The good wizard protected the temple with a spell to banish evil spirits.
bang	There was a loud bang as the front door slammed with Cynthia's violent departure.
banjo	This was just him and his voice, no banjo ukulele or guitar.
banishment	They were sentenced to banishment in Staten Island at the pleasure of the federal government.
bankrupt	It became bankrupt in 1784 and ceased to exist in 1793.
bankruptcy	Bankruptcy is an issue for many people trying to face debts from years' past.
banister	She touched the banister and looked upstairs.
banker	On his return to Paris he had become acquainted with Etienne Claviere, the Genevese exile, and a banker named Panchaud.
bankable	Actor and musician extraordinaire Will Smith is one of the most bankable stars in the world today.
banquet	She fled the banquet hall for the library.
banns	Marriage by banns, licence or special licence cannot take place except in church.
bannock	Serve the salad for lunch with a flour bannock or as part of a buffet, if you're having a crowd.
bankroll	I bankroll people who cure aids.
banter	What a world is this and how does fortune banter us!
banquette	In some instance, you may have a banquette style of seating that will require a different kind of cushion since some banquettes have hidden storage underneath the seat.
banneret	His son and heir, another Sir John, admiral of the king's navy in the north, was a banneret who displayed his banner in the army that laid siege to Calais.
bantam	This excellent book is written by an experienced bantam and large fowl poultry breeder and show judge.
banshee	The toll of the Cubans scrum was beginning to tell and the howling banshee Cuban back line was starting to run a muck.
banking	In 1887 a severe banking crisis occurred in Sardinia.
bantering	Tom and Ray, also known as the Click and Clack or the Tappet Brothers, attempt to troubleshoot these issues while bantering with one another and the callers.
banting	Among the great wild cattle are the formidable gaur, or seladang, the banting, and the water-buffalo.
bap	I'll prepare a bap, maybe a tuna mayo.
baobab	Other trees, found chiefly on the plateaus, are the baobab, the shea-butter tree, the locust tree, gambier, palms, including the date and dum palm (Hyphaene), the tamarind, and, in the arid regions, the acacia and mimosa.
banyan	Many of the inhabitants are the well-known Banyan merchants of the east coast of Africa and Arabia.
bantu	These Bantu are still heathen and nearly all are agriculturists.
banner	Under this banner it was that the Reform Bill was fought and won.
baptistery	Victor (rebuilt1580-1615and 1795), to which is attached an ancient baptistery (dating from the 9th century but rebuilt in the 13th).
baptistry	These are a part of the choir of the 12th-century palacechurch, and a sixteen-sided baptistry originally consecrated by Pope Leo III.
baptize	Therefore they baptize no one until he is thirty years of age.
baptismal	The teachers, who are chosen by vote, may also exhort or preach, when their services are needed for such purposes, and may, at the request of a bishop, perform marriage or baptismal ceremonies.
baptizer	It prescribes a fast before baptism for the baptizer as well as the candidate.
barb	Although called an Arabian, there is little doubt he was a Barb pure and simple.
barbaric	His rugged features were unshaven, giving him the same barbaric appearance as those around him.
barbarian	That barbarian has dishonored you and my family!
barbarity	His cruelty and barbarity in punishing the rebels did not meet with the approval of Charles II., who is said to have remarked that the old fool has put to death more people in that naked country than I did here for the murder of my father.
baptist	The work contains accounts of John the Baptist and Jesus, which may account for the fact that Josephus' writings were rescued from oblivion by the Christians.
baptism	I congratulate you, Count, on your baptism of fire!
barbarously	In order to secure the sole authority, Caracalla barbarously murdered his brother in his mother's arms, and at the same time put to death some 20,000 persons, who were suspected of favouring him, amongst them the jurist Papinianus.
barbarism	As a matter of fact, barbarism did break out after the flower had fallen from Neoplatonism.
barbell	The point of using a barbell to add weight to the squat is to help you to generate peak power.
barbel	The few fish include the barbel.
barbarous	Eastward, many of the tribes are barbarous savages.
barber	It was where the barber shop used to be located.
barbed	One of the guards studied a barbed dagger before placing all his weapons in a small sack.
barbiturate	Her death was ruled acute barbiturate poisoning (possible suicide).
bar	Let us put the bar there.
barberry	In that case either very little secondary tissue is formed, as in the gourds, some Ranunculaceae, &c., or a considerable amount may be produced (clematis, barberry, ivy).
barbican	A larger edition (2 vols., 1736-1737) was edited by Samuel Wilson of the Barbican.
barbecue	Watch the sun set behind the mountains as you sip a nice aperitif, before enjoying a lovely barbecue.
barefaced	To achieve a subtle eye look, without looking barefaced, reach for the lighter shades.
bard	The bard will exaggerate or distort his story.
barefoot	She was barefoot too, remember?
barcode	Display packed in individual storage hanger with barcode on reverse.
barefooted	The little barefooted Frenchman in the blue coat went up to the Armenians and, saying something, immediately seized the old man by his legs and the old man at once began pulling off his boots.
bardic	In Cathays Park there is also a gorsedd or bardic circle of huge monoliths erected in connexion with the eisteddfod of 1899.
bareback	Twelve years later, his carefree life as a bareback rider is shattered by vivid premonitions.
barely	He barely talked to me.
bareheaded	They went out bareheaded and very humble.
bargaining	Powerful bargaining chip to have you here.
bareness	He failed to register the familiar, yet not familiar glance of fingers on the bareness of his body.
barfly	John Ratzenberger - ' Cliff Clavin ' Cliff is Norm's partner in crime and fellow barfly.
barge	She locked the door and stepped back, waiting for him to barge into the bathing chamber.
bare	She relaxed and pressed her bare legs into the sand in front of her.
baritone	The warm baritone voice induced a fresh bout of blushing.
barite	Its most striking feature and the one from which it derives its name barytes, barite (from the Greek Oapis, heavy) or heavy spar, is its weight.
barkeeper	The other suit at the bar had not turned around and the painters and barkeeper were in their own world of batting averages and ERA's.
barker	Following their divorce, both Shanna Moakler and Travis Barker shared headlines with socialite Paris Hilton.
bargain	Neither was willing to bargain with me for your life.
barleycorn	The barley-corn has been personified as representing the malt liquor made from barley, as in Burns's song John Barleycorn.
barlow	He was elected on the 1st of August 1559; but it was difficult to find the requisite four bishops willing and qualified to consecrate him, and not until the 17th of December did Barlow, Scory, Coverdale and Hodgkins perform that ceremony at Lambeth.
barmaid	We were in there one night when a group of three or four lads came in and began chatting up the said barmaid.
barium	The next group may contain the white calcium, barium and strontium carbonates.
barnacle	It was during this time that the legend of the goose barnacle started.
bark	An occasional sharp high bark soon revealed the source as a little gray squirrel.
barking	Josh snatched the phone from her hand, barking at Alex.
barman	I'd stay well clear of him if I were you said the barman polishing a tankard.
barnyard	When Miss Sullivan went out in the barnyard and picked up a little chicken and talked to Helen about it, she was giving a kind of instruction impossible inside four walls, and impossible with more than one pupil at a time.
barney	I sold newspapers down at the corner and ran errands for Barney's pool hall.
barometric	As a result of their isolation, the proportion of endemic plants is greater here than in any other region, and the great elevation of the mountains, with the consequent variation in temperature, moisture and barometric pressure, has multiplied the number of species.
barometer	Taking the range of the barometer in Great Britain from 28 to 31 in., giving a difference of 3 in.
barn	Quite close to the barn was a garden.
baronage	None the less, he gives a more vivid impression of his, age than any other English chronicler; and it is a matter for regret that his great history breaks off in 1259, on the eve of the crowning struggle between Henry III and the baronage.
baroness	He died in 1845, his wife, the baroness, predeceasing him in 1836.
baronetcy	In 1873 he was offered a baronetcy by Gladstone, and again by Disraeli in 1874; in each case the honour was gracefully declined.
baroque	The present church is baroque in style, but contains some works of art of earlier periods.
baronet	Hardy was created a baronet in 1806.
barley	Wheat is the principal crop, with barley second.
baronial	In December 1352 Clement died, and his successor, Innocent VI., anxious to strike a blow at the baronial rulers of Rome, and seeing in the former tribune an excellent tool for this purpose, pardoned and released his prisoner.
barony	Galashiels was created into a burgh of barony in 1599.
barrack	The round tower was long used as an observatory and the building as a barrack.
barrage	At this point a barrage is built across the river.
baron	The baron by all accounts is a poor creature.
barren	The site of the town is a barren, rocky mountain valley.
barracuda	Swim Outlet also has Barracuda swim goggles for a low price, so if you just need a pair of those with no customized prescription, this may be the place to shop.
barracks	There was a crash, and one of the barracks collapsed.
barre	The Grand Pont, designed by the cantonal engineer, Adrien Pichard (1790--1841), was built 1839-1844, while the Barre tunnel was pierced 1851-1855 and the bridge of Chauderon was built in 1905.
barricade	But in any case, here was a barricade 190-207 ft.
barrier	He broke the barrier between them and touched her face.
barrenness	The barrenness extends into the mountains themselves, where there are bare rock cliffs, stony slopes and a general absence of vegetation.
barrelled	This last Spitfire was a fully fledged ground attack aircraft that used the short barrelled Hispano Mk 5 guns.
barred	They slammed and barred the door behind them.
barter	Promise you'll barter my freedom if Qatwali imprisons me on this peace mission.
barrel	When she died, the barrel was her last gift to her people and their new king.
barrister	The barrister sits without a jury.
barrow	Another tomb in this region, Melgunov's barrow, found as long ago as 1760, contained a dagger-sheath and pommel of Assyrian work and Greek things of the 6th century.
base	Despise that which is base, said his mother.
baryta	The barium and magnesium salts of this acid are formed when baryta and magnesia are fused with cobalt sesquioxide.
barring	Barring her door, she then crossed to the spare bedchamber.
basaltic	The town is indeed surrounded by basaltic rocks, the largest of them being the Radelstein (2460 ft.), from which a fine view is obtained.
bascule	The lattice girders of the side spans were first rolled into place, so as to project some distance beyond the piers, and then the arch ribs were built out, being partly supported by wire-rope cables from (3) Draw or Bascule Bridges.
basalt	The soil, of decomposed basalt, is wonderfully fertile.
basal	The basal cell has less chlorophyll than the others, and is expanded and fixed firmly to the rock on which the plant grows by the basal surface, rh, thus forming a rudimentary rhizoid.
bartender	The bartender should be here any minute.
baseboard	The unit has a stable profiled column and large rugged baseboard.
basely	Other methods of disposing of him having failed, the Porte made his nephew a rival sheikh; but he basely assassinated him.
baseline	The stomping baseline is nicely juxtaposed with samples from The Blues Brothers film.
baseness	It was founded by plundering expeditions, and its subsequent existence was tainted by the baseness of this predatory origin.
bashful	So he sat there trembling and afraid; for he was a timid, bashful man and did not like to be noticed.
baseless	The articles were in great part baseless, if not absurd.
basic	I don't want to deny you such a basic need.
basher	But isn't the sweet-young-girl-with-child usually the bashee, not the basher?
basement	The basement contained a sealed room that we soundproofed.
basicity	At the Carnegie works Mr Monell gets the two dephosphorizing conditions, low temperature and basicity of slag, early in the process, by pouring his molten but relatively cool cast iron upon a layer of pre-heated lime and iron oxide on the bottom of the open-hearth furnace.
bash	The restaurant will be throwing a celebrity opening bash on 30th January 2003.
basidia	In young asci a similar fusion of two nuclei occurs, and also in basidia, in each case the nucleus of the ascus or of the basidium resulting from the fusion subsequently giving rise by division to the nuclei of the ascospores and basidiospores respectively.
basidium	Conidia (basidiospores) borne in fours on a special conidiophore, the basidium.
bases	You have some access to data bases that could be helpful.
basidiomycetes	Since about 1880 our knowledge of the species which can enter into such relationships has been materially extended, and the fungal constituents of the Lichens are known to include Basidiomycetes as well as Ascomycetes.
basilar	The acquired form of basilar invagination is termed as basilar invagination is termed as basilar impression.
basin	She ignored his question and turned away, moving to a small basin of water.
basilisk	The basilisk's eyes are not reptilian but human, their expression an ancient and abiding love.
basil	The town successfully resisted the attacks of the emperor Basil II.
basilican	There are many early rock-cut churches in Abyssinia, closely resembling the Coptic. After these, two main types of architecture are found - one basilican, the other native.
basilica	A large basilica stood here about A.D.
basket	It was that of a boy carrying a basket of ripe red cherries.
basketball	We met at a school basketball game.
basipetal	More generally the hypha below the septum grows forwards again, and repeats this process several times before the terminal conidium falls, and so a chain of conidia results, the oldest of which terminates the series (Erysiphe); when the primary branch has thus formed a basipetal series, branches may arise from below and again repeat this process, thus forming a tuft (Penicillium).
bask	I just want a little more time to bask in the beauty that perhaps I'm carrying a life.
basically	Basically, it started with a screw up.
baseball	You made a mistake taking the Phillies baseball cap.
basketry	The Eskimo engraved poorly, the Dene (Tinneh) embroidered in quill, the North Pacific tribes carved skilfully in horn, slate and cedar, the California tribes had nimble fingers for basketry, the Sioux gloried in feathers and painted parfleche.
bassoon	Jonas, who plays second bassoon, took my place and borrowed my instrument.
basso	In Japan, as in Europe, three varieties of relief carving are distinguishedalto (taka-bori), mezzo (chniku-bori) and basso (usunikubori).
basset	Camborne (Cambron, Camron) formed a portion of the extensive manor of Tehidy, which at the time of the Domesday Survey was held by the earl of Mortain and subsequently by the Dunstanville and Basset families.
bassinet	He carefully stood and gently placed Destiny in her bassinet.
basque	He gradually obtained full possession of Navarre and the Basque provinces, outside of the fortresses, which he had not the means to besiege.
baste	Melt the seasoned butter in the microwave and thoroughly baste the lobster tails.
bast	In a somewhat narrower sense, too, the Church of England at bast has never repudiated the conception of the Catholic Church as a divinely instituted organization for the safe-guarding and proclamation of the Christian revelation.
basis	So you're on a first name basis with him, huh?
bastardy	He oIdducai left his domains to a natural relative, Cesare dEste, families, who would in earlier days have inherited without dispute, for bastardy had been no bar on more than one occasion in the Este pedigree.
bastion	Rosa Parks is a great example of a bastion for desegregation.
bass	I bass trumpet.
bat	How is my little fruit bat doing?
bastille	In 1778 he escaped from prison, but was soon re-arrested and finally committed to the Bastille.
bastard	Vinnie, you bastard, I'll kill you!
bathe	She heated some water and carried a towel back to the bathroom to bathe before bed.
baster	Maybe I'll slip some diazepam into the turkey baster next year.
bate	I'll not bate ye a pin on ' t, sir; for, by this cudgel, tis true.
bateau	Onward, Charon, ill-humoredly you pole my wooden bateau, let us float on the tide, westward to Texas sands.
bathos	In the Bathos he was classed with the parrots and the tortoises.
batch	She rummaged around and withdrew a large batch of crumpled bills, spilling several.
bather	Demeter the angry (Epivis) became Demeter the bather (Xovaia).
bathrobe	Betsy reached for a bathrobe and I pulled on my jeans.
bathymetry	It is directed by a Guiding Committee and supported by sub-committees on digital bathymetry and undersea features names plus ad hoc working groups.
batik	This will show fine examples of traditional batik from around the world alongside selected contemporary work from Guild members.
bath	The warm bubble bath was relaxing.
batiste	The chief industry of Cambrai is the weaving of muslin (batiste) and other fine fabrics (see Cambric); wool-spinning and weaving, bleaching and dyeing, are carried on, as well as the manufacture of chicory, oil, soap, sausages and metal boxes.
batsman	We cannot afford to carry a top order batsman with such a poor return.
baton	Brady straightened, the baton in hand.
bathing	Neither has a bathing suit.
bats	Bats are social, nocturnal and they migrate to a warmer climate, or hibernate.
battered	The woman was hooked to a ventilator and IVs, her battered face clean and pale.
batten	The tiles can be clipped onto a 8mm diameter steel rod, rope or nailed onto a wooden batten.
batrachian	A tadpole is the larva of a tailless Batrachian after the loss of the external gills and before the egress of the fore limbs (except in the aberrant Xenopus) and the resorption of the tail.
bathroom	She cleaned up and left the bathroom, freezing.
batman	At last we see batman as he should always have been.
battalion	When they want something, they act like a tank battalion and go get it.
battle	The battle was lost.
battlefield	We are met on a great battlefield of that war.
batter	Martha was mixing batter while Quinn stood at the stove, heating a frying pan.
battleground	This attack was to have, beside its own field artillery, the support of fifty-four heavy guns, and the Russian left wing on the Balaklava battleground was to keep Bosquet occupied.
battler	In the meantime his quarrels with Urraca had not deterred Alphonso, who is surnamed the Battler in Aragonese history, from taking Saragossa in 1118, and from defeating the Almorvides at the decisive battle of Cutanda in 1120.
battlements	These ranges contain remarkable rock formations, towers, battlements and pinnacles crowning the hills.
batty	The traffic is already starting to drive some people batty.
batting	Claire screamed again, batting at him in desperation to escape.
baud	In the US, the data is sent after the first ring tone and uses the 1200 baud Bell 202 tone modulation.
bawd	Mrs. Needham, for example, was a notorious bawd who died three days after being pilloried in 1731.
bauble	You didn't carry that bauble with you for twenty years to sacrifice it now.
bawl	She wasn't going to argue with him or bawl in his presence.
battleship	In February she launched the battleship Royal Sovereign at Portsmouth; a week later she visited the Horse Show at Islington.
bawdy	He knew when to get slightly bawdy, and was smart enough not to go over the line.
bauxite	Bauxite occurs also near Ballintoy.
bazaar	The well-stocked bazaar supplies the neighbouring districts.
bayberry	Pine and Bayberry compliment your home decorations during the holiday season.
bayou	Every bayou contains alligators; and reptiles of various species, such as turtles, lizards, horned toads, rattlesnakes and moccasins are abundant.
bazar	In the interior were Coropissus (Da Bazar), Olba (Uzunjaburj), and, in the valley of the Calycadnus, Claudiopolis (Mut) and Germanicopolis (Ermenek).
bbs	Link The Home Shop machinist & Machinist's Workshop BBS - FAQ home shop machinist discussion...
bazooka	The decision to make novelty items, namely gum, was made and Bazooka bubblegum was launched.
bayonet	Some screwed in, others dropped into a socket and were secured by a bayonet joint.
bcd	Its symbolic expression, to a numerical factor pres, is (Hbc) (Hbd) (Hcd) (bcd), and it is clearly of degree 6.
bay	They kept their emotions at bay for the most part.
bbc	March 21st, 2006 The BBC greed never abates!
beachwear	Outside resorts, scanty beachwear should be confined to beach or poolside.
bead	Add a bead of sealant into the gap and let it dry completely.
beachhead	The Mosul under Hassan IX have just invaded from across the ocean, establishing a colonial beachhead in what would be Virginia.
bd	Then MA'B'N is a right trapezium, whose area is equal to that of Cabd; and it is related to the latter in such a way that, if any two lines parallel to AC and BD meet AB, CD, MN, A'B', in E, G, P, E', and F, H, Q, F', respectively, the area of the piece PE'F'Q of the right trapezium 'B.
beadle	They were to be free from all toll and to elect yearly a portreeve and a beadle.
bc	The Third Servile War occurred in the Roman Republic from 73 BC to 71 BC.
beacon	I must know who among us has a tracking beacon.
battery	The battery in the lantern might be dead or the fall might have broken it.
beading	Most windows have the bead fitted internally; however there are still some companies who fit the beading externally.
beam	I lifted the heavy wood beam that crossed their door, securing it.
beak	The huge beak, looking like the great claw of a lobster, more than 8 in.
beady	I didn't want to see her beady eyes looking back at me so I avoided the mirror.
be	I just want it to be healthy.
beagle	The biggest thing was turning into a legal beagle.
beaker	The beaker also is cautiously filled with acidulated water up to a point beyond the edge of the platinum basin.
bear	I could not bear to see her punished.
beach	There is a lovely beach that stretches miles along the blue Atlantic.
beaked	On this latter view we may regard the tusks of the male babirusa as examples of redundant development, analogous to that of the single pair of lower teeth in some of the beaked whales.
beano	T he word beano means a feast, an annual holiday, and a jolly time.
bearable	Unless she could make the truth … bearable.
beardless	One of the chamberlains went and told his master that he had been thwarted by a beardless boy.
beard	These are the lips of the lake, on which no beard grows.
bearded	At a later time the bearded type prevails.
bearer	If there be no young shoot below, and the bearing branch is short, the shoot at the point of the latter may sometimes be preserved as a fruit bearer, though if the bearing branch be long it is better to cut it back for young wood.
bearskin	Wine is OK with a nice dinner or for getting romantic with your significant other on that bearskin rug in front of the fireplace.
bearish	One of their regular contributors James Ferguson wrote a very bearish piece on Gold about 18 months ago.
beater	No wife beater does.
beastly	The wonder is how they, how you and I, can live this slimy, beastly life, eating and drinking.
bean	Destiny helped her with planting the green bean seeds.
beast	The beast was very close to him now.
beatitude	All of our actions are to be directed toward such beatitude.
beatific	Not a few saints were rewarded for their fasting by glimpses of the beatific vision.
bearing	If workers are in unsafe work environments, they are bearing a risk that has a measurable negative cost.
beatification	His beatification took place in 1733.
beauteous	He had stood in the beauteous land - the land of Israel - with destruction in his hand.
beatnik	Building on his apprenticeship as a sculptor during the beatnik era of the 1960s, Yurman advanced in his art with a signature style of boldness and innovation in his jewelry designs.
beautiful	It's such a beautiful day.
beautifully	The water is beautifully clear.
beaten	Someone had beaten them home.
beaujolais	The Burgundian region, including Cte dOr and the valley of the Sane (Beaujolais, Mconnais).
beating	Her heart was beating wildly.
beat	Her father beat them both.
beautician	Betty's sister Hilda dives into her career as a beautician.
beau	Bembo, as a writer, is the beau ideal of a purist.
beautify	You can beautify your home or office without spending a lot of money.
beaver	A few fur-bearing animals, the mink, beaver and raccoon, still remain.
bebop	The concentration on bebop did seem disproportionately prevalent in all forms of education, however.
beaux	Undaunted by many failures, she dramatized several of her novels with moderate success - Francois le champi, played at the Odeon in 1849, and Les Beaux Messieurs de Bois-Dore (1862) were the best; Claudie, produced in 1851, is a charming pastoral play, and Le Marquis de Villemer (1864) (in which she was helped by Dumas fits) was a genuine triumph.
become	Read in order to become wise.
beckon	So, you want to beckon to your lover in a more subtle way than strutting around in a teddy.
becquerel	His Son, Alexandre Edmond Becquerel (1820-1891), was born in Paris on the 24th of March 1820, and was in turn his pupil, assistant and successor at the Musee d'Histoire Naturelle; he was also appointed professor at the short-lived Agronomic Institute at Versailles in 1849, and in 1853 received the chair of physics at the Conservatoire des Arts et Métiers.
beauty	Paul was only interested in the beauty of the land.
beck	The Floating Island appears at intervals on the upper portion of the lake near the mouth of the beck.
bedeck	Consider the following Christmas costume ideas and bedeck your whole group in style before you hit the streets in jolly splendor.
bedding	We completed one before bedding down just before midnight.
became	Henry became king of England.
bedel	For the speedy removal of burning houses each ward was to provide a strong iron hook, with a wooden handle, two chains and two strong cords, which were to be left in the charge of the bedel of the ward, who was also provided with a good horn, loudly sounding.
bedell	In 1629 he discountenanced Bishop William Bedell's proposal to revive the Irish language in the service.
bedlam	I can't even picture the bedlam making this public would cause.
bed	He sat up in the bed and looked around.
becoming	I was becoming nervous.
bedridden	When he was a teenager, he was bedridden for several months with tuberculosis.
bedpost	Every mode requires the user to specify a bedpost directory.
bedouin	The meaning of the name is uncertain; Wellhausen derives it from nan Eve, or serpent, in which case the Hivites were originally the snake clan; others explain it from the Arabic hayy, family, as meaning dwellers in (Bedouin) encampments.
bedroll	Get out of that bedroll you lazy pup.
bedtime	It's past my bedtime anyway.
bedstead	A bed had been made on a bedstead for the countess only.
because	I think he felt included because he was helping as much as we were.
bedspread	A bedspread finishes the look of a bedroom.
beef	He nearly dropped the plate of roast beef.
beeb	Interesting day on the Beeb with only a couple of weeks to go to polling in the Lib Dems leadership election.
bedside	It was ten past six, according to his bedside clock.
beech	The chief trees are beech, oak and conifers.
beehive	The women's wing was a beehive of activity.
been	I have been in Paris.
beer	When he spoke, it didn't sound as if either beer was his first.
bedroom	She retreated to her bedroom to grab her purse.
beefsteak	Thomas Sheridan founded a Beefsteak Club in Dublin at the Theatre Royal in 1749, and of this Peg Woffington was president.
beet	Sugar beet is extensively grown to supply the sugar factories.
bee	A bee settling on a flower has stung a child.
beetroot	Beetroot, molasses and grain are the chief sources of spirit.
beep	You will hear a long beep followed by a second beep.
beefy	Her eyes went to the beefy blond.
beetle	This beetle probably mimics the Australian hornet (Abispa australis).
beetling	The head is rounded and short, without prominent beetling ridges above the eyes, or a strong crest along the middle line of the back of the skull; and the tusks of the old males are of no very great length and prominence.
befit	The lack of subtlety does not befit such fine tunes.
befell	His book seems to have undergone very much the same fate as that which befell the originals of the first two volumes of the Paston Letters which Sir John Fenn presented to George the Third.
befall	All real good or evil that can befall him must be from himself..
before	Let's go do the chores one last time before we leave.
beforehand	It gains by regret that death was beforehand with him.
befitting	The other Guardians filed out in silence befitting a funeral.
beg	I beg your pardon.
befallen	Disaster has also befallen many a golfer at this hole.
began	In a voice quaking with fear, she began to sing.
befriend	Here is my second son; please love and befriend him.
beggar	I met a beggar in Italy at the age of twelve.
beget	The fact is that exercise will beget more exercise.
beginning	She gazed up at him, her heart beginning to flutter.
beggary	Thus, after two hundred and fifty years, the sway of the Malatesta came to an end, and Pandolfo was reduced to beggary.
beggarly	And here, friend, the people are quite beggarly.
beeswax	For beeswax London is one of the chief marts of the world.
begonia	This one is a begonia, the other one is a coleus.
begot	Yet the influence of Neoplatonism on the history of our ethical culture is immeasurable, above all because it begot the consciousness that the only blessedness which can satisfy the heart must be sought higher even than the sphere of reason.
beguile	They frequently beguile their toil with carols.
begrudge	Of all the brothers, he'd always been the one to begrudge Andre's role as their leader.
begotten	And in one Lord Jesus Christ, the only begotten Son of God, begotten of His Father, very God before all worlds, by whom all things were made; 3.
begrudgingly	I am going to cite adultery which she is begrudgingly agreeing to.
behave	I will teach you afresh, unless you behave better.
beginner	The beginner takes first a course in the grammar of classical Arabic, for he has hitherto learned only to read, write and count.
beguiling	The woman across the hall held the same beguiling aura.
begum	The Martiniere was captured on the 9th of March and the Begum Kothi on the 11th.
behead	Jerusalem was taken by storm; the Roman troops withdrew to behead Antigonus the usurper at Antioch.
beheld	In Zerubbabel the people beheld once more a ruler of the Davidic race.
behemoth	The deal, if it goes through, would create a house building behemoth in Britain.
behind	He peered behind her.
behold	Behold a real horse!
beholden	It is now beholden on all of us to reap the benefits of the new order.
behest	Simmons started her first modeling class at the age of 11, at the behest of her mother, who hoped it would help her gain confidence and overcome the bullies.
beholder	It is earth's eye; looking into which the beholder measures the depth of his own nature.
begun	We'd all begun to doubt him.
behoove	Before buying any exercise equipment, it would behoove you to take the time to try out the machine and scrutinize its construction.
being	He was being positively rude.
behalf	I'm calling on behalf of Tim.
behoof	Envy, malice and uncharitableness are found in primitive society, as elsewhere, and in their behoof the mystic forces are not unfrequently unloosed by those who know how to do so.
behavior	My sisters will instruct you in the behavior I expect of you.
behindhand	We need not seek another paymaster; Christ will not be behindhand with us.
begin	Pierre was about to begin reading.
behaviour	During the last three years of his life his behaviour was that of a madman.
belated	I sent a belated apology, but had no reply.
beige	The soft warm beige had a yellow highlight that reflected the evening sun.
belatedly	Belatedly, her mind caught up with her mouth.
belay	Broken rocks then lead to a good grass ledge with nut belay overlooking the gully.
belch	Children with GERD may also have hiccups or belch a lot.
belie	For many people, personal experiences belie the truth.
belcher	Hutchinson Field, another public park, is a part of the estate of the last royal governor, Thomas Hutchinson; Governor Jonathan Belcher also lived in Milton for a time.
belfry	The belfry belongs to the 16th and early 17th century.
bel	To Anu was assigned the control of the heavens, to Bel the earth, and to Ea the waters.
belittle	It is against the rules for students to belittle each other.
bell	She rang the bell again.
believable	Almond's brilliant characterization and ability to evoke atmosphere, time and place mixes the real and unreal in a totally believable way.
belittling	Look at the way he treated her—always embarrassing and belittling her.
believer	I wasn't a strong believer in coincidences.
belladonna	Belladonna, the Belladonna Lily, 3 ft., has large funnel-shaped flowers in September, of a delicate rose colour.
belle	Belle didn't seem very anxious to attract her attention.
bellicose	It was one of the most bellicose elements in American society.
belligerence	We must understand that belligerence, aggressiveness and causing major inconvenience to the public will quickly erode sympathy and support.
belligerent	She had him at bay and he was going to pay for his belligerent behavior.
belief	I was relieved beyond belief and nearly in tears.
bellow	A bellow sounded in the forest behind them, and moonlight gleamed off of the tips of falling arrows and the raised swords of the men that followed them.
believe	I can't believe I've finally found you.
bellows	We children used to like working the bellows for him.
belong	The baby didn't belong to Joseph.
beloved	But he was much beloved by his family.
below	The dealers stuck below are flipping out.
belgian	About three-fourths of the city's total street mileage (120 m.) is paved, Belgian block or macadam being used on the principal thoroughfares.
beltane	In the Highlands and islands of Scotland, Beltane was the time of the year when a summer exodus took place.
belting	The principal manufactures are belting, woollens, tinners' hardware, iron and gasolene motors.
belvedere	Close by is the lofty tower of the Belvedere, dating from 1646.
benchmark	Toy horse and rider sets are almost a benchmark of childhood.
belly	The belly full of food made her drowsy.
bemoan	We certainly ca n't bemoan the game's lack of story.
bender	Someone near her gasped, and Deidre glanced up, expecting to see a fender bender or similar issue in the street.
belongings	Are some of your belongings missing?
beneath	He was pale beneath the golden skin.
bendy	Wine drinkers enjoy both the taste and the fact that small boxes come with a bendy straw similar to a juice box.
bending	The spring flowers were bending in the rain and wind.
belt	She tugged on the belt of his robe.
benefactor	After thanking his benefactor and dropping off his bike for repairs, he stopped for a quick bite to eat.
benefaction	They hoped to secure a major benefaction for the Center.
ben	His life was such that no man could ever say, Ben Franklin has wronged me.
benediction	Her hands were by her sides, turned out, as if offering benediction for what she had done, as if to say, peace at last.
beneficence	If Christians wish to offer any special sacrifice to God, let it be that of grateful praise or deeds of beneficence (r5 f.).
bend	Light and dark seemed to bend to avoid him, leaving a haze around his body.
beneficially	This rank and power was, however, often used most beneficially.
bench	She slid into the opposite bench and let her gaze drop significantly to the cup in his hand.
benefice	It was from the precarium, or ecclesiastical benefice, that the feudal fief originated.
benefactress	Her mark, Ego Godiva Comitissa diu istud desideravi, was found on the charter given by her brother, Thorold of Bucknall - sheriff of Lincolnshire - to the Benedictine monastery of Spalding in 1051; and she is commemorated as benefactress of other monasteries at Leominster, Chester, Wenlock, Worcester and Evesham.
beneficent	But they are not without benevolent and beneficent attributes.
benevolent	Long Cross Farm is reputedly haunted by a very benevolent spirit.
beneficiary	You should specifically name a beneficiary that you know and trust.
benign	Their whole business was to hunt through the older authorities in search of benign decisions.
benevolence	He had a benevolence of manner suited to the philanthropy of his mind.
benighted	Maybe the early academic critics who rated this appeal rather low were not so benighted after all.
benedictine	The Benedictine work follows the old monastic tradition of the direct intercourse of the soul with God.
benignant	C. Ranyard, who says, He was the kindliest, as well as the most learned of men - benignant to every one who approached him, never forgetting the claims which weakness has on strength.
benefit	If you think you'd benefit, you probably will.
beneficial	Rolling the land is beneficial to young crops.
benthos	The great majority of algae, however, grow like land-plants attached to a substratum, and to these the term benthos is now generally applied.
benzoate	An alternative method consists in converting it into ethyl benzoate by shaking with benzoyl chloride and caustic soda.
benzoin	In cold weather the Egyptians warm their rooms by placing in them a brazier, chafing-dish, or standing-dish, filled with charcoal, whereon incense is burnt; and in hot weather they refresh them by occasionally swinging a hand censer by a chain through them - frankincense, benzoin and aloe wood being.
benzol	The best solvents for rubber are carbon bisulphide, benzol and mineral naphtha, carbon tetrachloride and chloroform.
bequest	The art association of Indianapolis was founded in 1883; and under its auspices is conducted an art school (1902) in accordance with the bequest of John Herron (1817-1895), the school and museum of the association being housed in the John Herron Art Institute, dedicated in 1906.
benzoic	However, in 1833, Berzelius reverted to his earlier opinion that oxygenated radicals were incompatible with his electrochemical theory; he regarded benzoyl as an oxide of the radical C 14 H 1Q, which he named picramyl (from 7rucp6s, bitter, and &uvyalk, almond), the peroxide being anhydrous benzoic acid; and he dismissed the views of Gay Lussac and Dumas that ethylene was the radical of ether, alcohol and ethyl chloride, setting up in their place the idea that ether was a suboxide of ethyl, (C2H5)20, which was analogous to K 2 0, while alcohol was an oxide of a radical C 2 H 6; thus annihilating any relation between these two compounds.
bequeath	I hereby bequeath to you my shopping cart and all its contents.
berberis	The shrubby vegetation comprises Rosa, Rubus, Indigofera, Desmodium, Berberis, Boehmeria, Viburnum,' Clematis, with an Arundinaria.
bereaved	Every dead soldier has a face, a story, and a bereaved family.
bereft	She looked at the ground instead of Evelyn, feeling bereft once again.
berate	Do not loudly berate the player - or shout out your words.
benjamin	Benjamin Hoadly, the newly-appointed bishop of Bangor, scented the opportunity and wrote a speedy and able reply, Preservative against the Principles and Practices of Non-Jurors, in which his own Erastian position was recommended and sincerity proposed as the only test of truth.
bereavement	Public calamity was added to private bereavement.
benzene	Benzene poisoning unlikely to be a factor in causing scrapie.
bergamot	Other popular scents include eucalyptus, rose, jasmine and bergamot.
berry	The duchess of Berry was imprisoned in its fortress in 1832-1833.
beret	When you think, pumpkin princess costume, you may think of a big, round, orange suit with a cute little orange beret for a hat (with stem, of course).
beriberi	The first of the B vitamins to be discovered, scientists found it was the lack of this vitamin that caused the disease beriberi.
berth	Bears are actually wary of people, and usually give them a wide berth.
beseech	I will fall at his feet and beseech him.
bengal	The rivalry between the English and the French, which had already convulsed the south, did not penetrate to Bengal.
beryl	These veins consist of felspar, quartz and mica, often with smaller amounts of other crystallized minerals, such as tourmaline, beryl and garnet; they are worked for mica in India, the United States (South Dakota, Colorado and Alabama), and Brazil (Goyaz, Bahia and Minas Geraes).
beseeching	The grey eyes were beseeching, but Katie couldn't manage anything verbal let alone a lie to placate the driver.
beset	As I began to teach her, I was beset by many difficulties.
berserk	Now, the fun comes when it's time to activate Berserk Mode.
beside	The boy who sat beside him was his son.
besides	Besides, those are my animals.
berg	The antiquity of Marlborough is shown by the Castle Mound, a British earthwork, which local legend makes the grave of Merlin; and the name of Marlborough has been regarded as a corrupt form of Merlin's Berg or Rock.
besetting	It was a noble end to what, in spite of its besetting sin of infirmity of moral purpose, was a not ignoble life.
bent	I bent down to pat a dog but it was like he wasn't there.
beryllium	Beryllium to a certain extent stands alone in many of its chemical' properties, resembling to some extent the metal aluminium.
besiege	His first action was to besiege Ptolemais.
besieger	In 1637 the stadholder was able to add to his fame as an invincible besieger of cities.
besom	A skilled worker could make a besom in about five minutes.
bespectacled	A bespectacled Dan (Jude Law) is walking down a London street when he sees a gorgeous redhead, Alice (Portman).
bespoke	Made-to-measure tailored suits, also called bespoke suits, have never been inexpensive.
best	Betsy and Martha, now practically best friends, conspired together against the rest of us until they owned most of the board.
besought	He visited privately many of the leading citizens of the city, statesmen, divines and merchants, and besought them to take the lead in a national movement against slavery; but they all with one consent made excuse, some of them listening to his plea with manifest impatience.
bespeak	The whole arrangements and character of the building bespeak the rich and powerful feudal lord, not the humble father of a body of hard-working brethren, bound by vows to a life of poverty and self-denying toil.
bested	She's bested my best battle planners with her mind.
bestow	It is a big honor to bestow on a person.
bestial	From these sources come almost all the more inhuman, bestial and discreditable myths of the gods.
bet	I bet he's a virgin!
bestowal	Notwithstanding the pontiffs bestowal of the apostolic benediction in articulo mortis upon Victor Emmanuel, the attitude of the Vatican had remained so inimical as to make it doubtful whether the conclave would be held in Rome.
betake	In consequence of these transactions, he was suffered to betake himself unharmed to Venice.
bethel	Of the quartz-monzonite type are the whitish granites of Bethel and Rochester (Windsor county) and Randolph (Orange county), the light grey of Dummerston (Windham county), and the darker greys of Cabot (Washington county), Derby (Orleans county), Hardwick and Groton (Caledonia county) and Topsham (Orange county).
betray	You didn't betray my trust.
betimes	He was married betimes to Elizabeth of Anjou, who had been brought up at the Hungarian court.
betoken	The eyes, slightly cast down, betoken an attitude of thoughtfulness; the forehead is clear and open; the mouth indicates firmness and resolution.
betel	Among the chief productions of the plains are rice (the staple export of the country); pepper (chiefly from Chantabun); sirih, sago, sugar-cane, coco-nut and betel, Palmyra or sugar and attap palms; many forms of banana and other fruit, such as durian, orange-pommelo, guava, bread-fruit, mango, jack fruit, pine-apple, custard-apple and mangosteen.
betrayer	He is always enumerated last with the special mention of the fact that he was the betrayer of Jesus.
betterment	Every avenue toward the betterment of their condition was practically closed.
betook	Thus abandoned, and in disgrace at court, the duchess betook herself to religion.
between	People passing between them were a blur.
beta	In late June, Microsoft released the final beta for the next version of its browser, Internet Explorer.
bettor	This allows a bettor to close his position and take a profit or loss even before the event itself has ended.
betrothed	The father and mother came into the room and gave the betrothed couple their blessing.
betrothal	Why no betrothal? he thought.
bevy	She winced as another bevy of arrows pierced Sami's back.
betting	Playing online baccarat is a fun and About Baccarat tutorial will help you understand about Baccarat betting odds, baccarat rules and baccarat tips.
betrayal	Do not apologize for another's betrayal.
bevel	In heraldry, a bevel is an angular break in a line.
bewilderment	Her hand paused as she stared in bewilderment at what sat in the bottom of the bath tub.
bewail	And she burst into sobs with the despairing vehemence with which people bewail disasters they feel they have themselves occasioned.
betwixt	Thus in Lychnis an elongation of the axis betwixt the calyx and the corolla takes place, and in this way they are separated by an interval.
bewitching	Anatole asked Natasha for a valse and as they danced he pressed her waist and hand and told her she was bewitching and that he loved her.
bewildering	It was a bewildering and fascinating place.
beyond	He sounded beyond relieved.
better	Better stop by and get Howard Spencer.
beware	Beware of making any distinctions which may infringe equality.
bhang	Apart from spirits, excise duties are levied upon the sale of a number of intoxicating or stimulant drugs, of which the most important are opium, bhang, ganja and charas.
beverage	The town has been famous from remote times for a beverage called white ale.
biannual	The biannual fashion fest has prompted the usual soul-searching about Britain's place in haute couture.
bi	It is produced bi monthly and is read by 10,000 Youth, Play and Community Workers.
bib	Davidson) follow the view suggested by Vatke (Bib.
biblical	Its object was to fix the biblical text unalterably.
bey	The movement was checked and Selim Bey was deported to the coast.
bias	His natural bias was to respect things as they were.
bibliographical	The preface to this edition collects all the biographical details and gives full bibliographical references to MSS.
biased	The plan was biased in favor of small parties.
bezel	Unidirectional bezel frames the gleaming blue dial with silver tone hands and hour markers, Date Displays, Crystal Scratch resistant sapphire, Water Resistant 200 meter/660 feet, an Automatic movement with a Warranty of 3 Years.
bibliographer	Dr. Chris Robertson made a substantial contribution helping Hilary Shibata, antarctic bibliographer, with the backlog of recent Antarctic scientific papers.
bibliographic	Click on the OK button to close the Bibliographic data window.
bibliophile	His father was the Rev. Edward Poole, a wellknown bibliophile.
bicameral	The adoption of a bicameral system made it possible to give due recognition to both principles.
bicentennial	Batman must race against time to thwart the Joker's efforts to maim and murder the citizens of Gotham City and ensure that the city's bicentennial celebration will be successful.
bibliography	A bibliography of his works was published at Berlin in 1901.
bible	I began to read the Bible long before I could understand it.
bicentenary	The academy of sciences, founded in 1872, celebrated the bicentenary of the raising of the siege of Vienna by Sobieski by publishing the valuable Acta Joannis' III.
bicarbonate	A lotion of sodium bicarbonate is useful to allay itching.
bicycle	The boy no doubt inherits a capacity for riding a bicycle, otherwise he could never do so.
bicuspid	The bicuspid aortic valve is usually present.
bicker	The parents bicker, but love each other (and it shows).
biconvex	The red blood-corpuscles are invariably oval disks, with a central nucleus which causes a slight swelling; hence they are oval and biconvex.
biceps	The tank top displayed his thick biceps and shapely shoulders.
bichromate	There are three kinds of primary batteries in general use in the British Postal Telegraph Department, viz., the Daniell, the bichromate, and the Leclanche.
biconcave	Enaliornis, England, vertebrae chiefly biconcave; Hesperornis, North America, vertebrae heterocoelous.
bicyclist	This is the helmet advocacy program of the Washington Area Bicyclist Association.
bidden	The officers did as they were bidden.
bide	He did but bide his time.
bidet	Bathroom, basin bath with Jacuzzi & shower, bidet, toilet & vanity unit.
bidding	A simple and independent mind does not toil at the bidding of any prince.
biennial	There is a biennial school appropriation of $15,000,000.
bier	The body, when put upon the bier, is covered over from head to foot.
bidder	When the auction ends, you win if you're the highest bidder!
biennially	General elections are held biennially, in evennumbered years, on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November, and candidates, except those for the supreme court bench and a few local offices, are nominated at a direct primary election, held the second Tuesday in September.
bifid	The setae are either entirely capillary or there are in addition some sigmoid setae even with bifid free extremities.
big	That would be a big help.
bifilar	Hopkinson had been inclined to attribute the anomaly to an increase in the tension of the bifilar threads, owing to a downward pull on the needle, but they showed that this theory would not account for the discrepancy.
bifurcation	It is also described as a bifurcation of two twigs, mental and bodily creation out of a common root.
bifocal	You can get bifocal eyeglasses for as low as $25.00 for the whole package.
bigamy	Poverty excused bigamy on the part of a deserted wife.
bifurcate	Their main channels bifurcate, and each new stream so created throws off its own set of distributaries to right and left.
bifocals	For example, you wouldn't want to choose a very shallow frame if you need to fit in bifocals.
bigotry	Where bigotry is so blind, reason is but dust in the balance.
bid	They bid them goodnight and climbed the stairs.
bigamous	For example, if a woman marry B during the lifetime of her husband A, and after A's death marry C during the lifetime of B, her marriage with C is not bigamous, because her marriage with B was a nullity.
bigwig	The Website was designed in-house with you in mind, not some corporate bigwig.
bigoted	He was a bigoted Catholic, and showed to the Protestants even less mercy than his father.
bight	There are no mountains behind the Great Australian Bight.
bike	The bike comes out tomorrow.
bigot	James was not a mere tyrant and bigot, as the popular imagination speedily assumed him to be.
bijou	Even the attic, which had been converted into my bedroom, was the most perfect little bijou attic that could possibly be imagined.
bilberry	Three species of rhododendron vie with each other in the brilliancy of their masses of red or pink flowers; the common juniper rises higher still, along with three species of bilberry; and several dwarf willows attain nearly to the utmost limit of vegetation.
bilaterally	The Lamellibranchia are mainly characterized by the rudimentary condition of the head, and the retention of the primitive bilateral symmetry, the latter feature being accentuated by the lateral compression of the body and the development of the shell as two bilaterally symmetrical plates or valves covering each one side of the animal.
bilateral	There are also bilateral links with several other national programs.
bilingual	The Egyptian equivalents of six characters have been made out by the aid of bilingual cartouches.
bilbo	From a very early period, as the Old English word bilbo, a sword, attests, Bilbao was celebrated for the excellent quality of its steel blades; in modern times it.
bilge	You are the deckhand, the cannon loader, the guy in the crow's nest or the pirate bucketing the bilge.
bilious	He had what the doctors termed bilious fever.
bilharzia	The most important of the Trematodes in its effect on man is Schistostomum (Bilharzia).
biliary	Biliary concretions, known as gall stones, are apt to form in the gall-bladder.
bilk	To make things even worse for Travolta and his family, three people were involved in an extortion attempt to bilk millions of dollars from the actor shortly after his son's death.
billet	In peacetime it is only necessary to billet troops in the villages of any district and the number of fires in that district immediately increases.
bikini	I'm wearing my bikini under this.
bile	John Luke Grasso, his name was so much bile on my tongue I gagged to keep it down.
billowy	They consist of slightly rounded domes or billowy snowfields of vast thickness.
billboard	I saw a billboard by the side of the road.
billiards	We went there a decade ago to play bar billiards.
billionaire	He became the youngest billionaire at the age of 31.
billow	We will make a large silk cloth billow to create the effect of a sail.
bilobed	Snout very long, bilobed; foot short.
billion	In 2006, roughly a billion people had access to the Internet.
bimetallism	As editor of the Omaha World-Herald he then championed the cause of bimetallism in the press as vigorously as he had in Congress and on the platform, his articles being widely quoted and discussed.
bimetallic	Philip's bimetallic system, which had attempted artificially to fix the value of silver in spite of the great depreciation of gold consequent upon the working of the Pangaean mines, was abandoned.
bimonthly	We produce a national magazine, which is published bimonthly.
binder	The woman checked a ring binder on the picnic table, running down the names with her finger.
bin	Two tumuli were dug in the necropolis of Bin Tepe without result.
billy	You stay with Billy.
bill	I paid the electric and water bill this week.
bindweed	The most characteristic members of the order are twining plants with generally smooth heart-shaped leaves and large showy white or purple flowers, as, for instance, the greater bindweed of English hedges, Calystegia sepium, and many species of the genus Ipomaea, the largest of the order, including the convolvulus major of gardens, and morning glory.
binnacle	The term binnacle, originally bittacle, is a corruption of the Portuguese abitacolo, to denote the housing enclosing the compass, probably originating with the Portuguese navigators.
binocular	Binocular microscopes have therefore been constructed on this plan.
bind	Why did I bind myself to her?
biochemical	The ' special ' biochemical adaptations used by bacteria that oxidize ammonia or nitrite.
binoculars	Ready to buy a pair of binoculars for adults?
binomial	Converted species names are based on the accepted binomial under the preexisting code.
binding	It took more effort than he thought to break the otherworldly connection binding them.
binge	He meets up with Bernard during a drunken binge.
biochemistry	The biochemistry panel might show an elevated alkaline phosphatase (Alk Phos ).
biographic	See the articles in Herzog-Hauck, Realencyklopadie, and the Allgemeine deutsche Biographic.
biogenesis	To complement genetic approaches we are establishing a confocal based screen for small molecules that interfere with peroxisome biogenesis.
biogeography	Systematics and biogeography of Lathyrus based upon internal transcribed spacer and cpDNA sequence data.
biologist	To the evolutionary biologist brain is apt to appear to be the crowning object of knowledge.
biographer	The biographer therefore sat down to his task with a mind full of matter.
biologic	Identification as the type I receptor and analysis of binding kinetics and biologic function.
biologically	Responding to baby's cry is biologically correct.
biodegradable	Bacteria can process toxic wastes and oil spills into harmless biodegradable materials.
biographical	The biographical anecdotes relating to him during the next few years are obscure and mostly apocryphal.
bioluminescence	On some figures, glow-in-the-dark accents replicate the bioluminescence of the creatures of Pandora.
biome	Study a particular biome or habitat in depth.
biography	A biography was published by Le Laboureur, Histoire du mareschal de Guebriant, in 1656.
biological	He's not your biological father?
biometric	The Biometric devices scan the fingerprint or retina of the eye to allow only authorized personnel to gain access to secure areas.
biometrics	Another benefit is that biometrics offers quick age verification for alcohol, tobacco and other purchases requiring proof of age.
bionic	Unlike the DROID Bionic, the HTC Thunderbolt comes with an FM radio and an included 32GB microSD memory card.
biopic	He could make a biopic of Francis Ford Coppola.
bionomics	General Tendencies Since Darwin Darwin may be said to have founded the science of bionomics, and at the same time to have given new stimulus and new direction to morphography, physiology, and plasmology, by uniting them as contributories to one common biological doctrine-the doctrine of organic evolution-itself but a part of the wider doctrine of universal evolution based on the laws of physics and chemistry.
biology	You need to have a basic understanding of how things work in biology.
biophysical	Vibroacoustic stimulation-In the biophysical profile, use of an artificial larynx to produce a loud noise to awaken the fetus.
biorhythm	This triggers a gentle and peaceful wake up response running in tune to your natural biorhythm.
biophysics	Many aspects of muscle biophysics have not been touched here.
biopsy	During the biopsy, a cylindrical piece of bone and marrow is removed.
biosphere	All of the ecosystems in the world make up the biosphere.
bioscience	According to Quincy Bioscience, the company that manufactures the product, Prevagen can reduce brain cell death by as much as 50%.
biotechnology	If you want to work in Biotechnology or Microbiology, you're going to most likely need to earn a graduate degree before being able to do so.
bios	On a new disk, it's better to use BIOS automatic hard disk recognition and say yes .
biota	For a start, we have a very incomplete knowledge of the earth's biota.
bipartite	The history of economic opinion in modern times, down to the third decade of the r9th century, is, in fact, strictly bipartite.
biosynthesis	We are analyzing the mechanisms and programming of antibiotic biosynthesis.
biplane	Paulhan, who on a biplane rose to a height of 1383 yds.
bipedal	In such bipedal creatures the legs and pelvis became transformed to a condition similar to that of Dinosaurian reptiles.
biquadratic	In the geometry of plane curves, the term parabola is often used to denote the curves given by the general equation a' n x n = ym+n, thus ax= y 2 is the quadratic or Apollonian parabola; a 2 x = y 3 is the cubic parabola, a 3 x = y4 is the biquadratic parabola; semi parabolas have the general equation ax n-1 = yn, thus ax e = y 3 is the semicubical parabola and ax 3 = y 4 the semibiquadratic parabola.
biramous	It is highly probable, however, that the biramous limb is a simplification of a more complex primitive type, to which the Phyllopod limb is a more or less close approximation.
birdsong	Moderato con anima is lively with clear trilling birdsong.
birdman	Robert Franklin Stroud - The infamous Birdman of Alcatraz, Stroud, convicted for manslaughter, was famous for raising and selling canaries and other birds from his cell.
birdie	Chris's overall net score of 139 included four birdie two's.
birdseed	It is a constituent of wild birdseed sold in the UK and is spread by birds and animals.
biro	Then you used a biro to rub in some ink, which was supposed to make it permanent.
birding	No fewer than eight birds of Paradise were seen making this a day which figured high among everyone's best birds of Paradise were seen making this a day which figured high among everyone's best birding day ever.
birthday	That was the best birthday ever.
birthplace	The birthplace of Longfellow is now a tenement house.
birthright	But it really is no different than me thinking it is my birthright to be able to have freedom of speech.
biretta	This red biretta is called the zucchetto.
bipolar	The trial was of four months duration and compared omega-3 fatty acids versus olive oil in 30 patients with bipolar disorder.
bis	On the of th of August 1862, however, he encountered a forte under Bis Jiavicini at Aspromonte, and, although Garibaldi ordered his in.
birch	He sat in his short overcoat leaning against a birch tree.
bird	Some large bird has stolen it from his palace.
bisect	We must bisect as far as may be, but the division is after all to be into limbs, not parts.
biscuit	Singapore has also establishments for tinning pineapples, and a large biscuit factory.
bisector	Then draw on a perpendicular bisector to the first line.
bisection	No one, unless he has previously worked without such an arrangement, can fully appreciate the advantage of bringing up a star to bisection by moving a micrometer with a delicate screw-motion, instead of having to change the direction of the axis of a huge telescope for the same purpose.
bish	The roots of Aconitum ferox supply the famous Indian (Nepal) poison called bikh, bish or nabee.
birthstone	Birthstone jewelry, also known as gemstone jewelry has long been a popular gift to give.
bisexuality	Sexual orientation includes homosexuality, heterosexuality and bisexuality and also includes perceived orientation.
bisectrix	When the rings are coloured symmetrically with respect to two perpendicular lines the acute bisectrix and the plane of the optic axes are the same for all frequencies, and the colour for which the separation of the axes is the least is that on the concave side of the summit of the hyperbolic brushes.
birth	He even had a birth certificate for me.
biserial	The polyp may then form a second bud, which becomes the starting point of a new system, the beginning, that is, of a new branch; and even a third bud, starting yet another system, may be produced from the same polyp. Hence the colonies of Calyptoblastea may be com plexly branched, and the bud ding may be biserial through out, uniserial throughout, or partly one, partly the other.
bisexual	Noone has the right to say I'm not bisexual if I say I am.
bissextile	February Having Then Twenty Nine Days, The 25Th Was The 6Th Of The Calends Of March, Sexto Calendas; The Preceding, Which Was The Additional Or Intercalary Day, Was Called Bis Sexto Calendas, Hence The Term Bissextile, Which Is Still Employed To Distinguish The Year Of 366 Days.
bison	The bison were grazing in the distance.
bistort	Alpine bistort and goldenrod, dwarfed by the conditions, and mountain everlasting, sensibly covered in dense white hairs.
bismuth	There are veins of bismuth near Sodaville.
bishop	Please let Bishop Brooks know our plans, so that he may arrange to be with us.
bisque	The lobster bisque was well seasoned, moreish and very tasty indeed!
bitch	If that son of a bitch gets away with this it would kill me!
bistro	At the bistro where she was a weekend waitress, she saw the same friends meeting up for coffee every Saturday.
bitchy	Boy, have you been bitchy lately.
biter	This is usually not necessary if the biter is a child.
bitingly	Through a series of bitingly satirical scenes, Chapman's script is peppered with killer one-liners and hilarious situations.
bitter	It was far too sweet and had a bitter aftertaste.
bitsy	Bikinis in South America are in fact itsy bitsy.
bitmap	This bitmap uses its own memory, so you can destroy the original bitmap without affecting the converted one.
biting	She met his gaze, biting her lip.
bishopric	He was now firmly established in the favour of the king, who gave him successively the abbacy of St Severin, in the diocese of Poitiers, the office of almoner to the dauphiness, and in 1685 the bishopric of Lavaur, from which he was in 1687 promoted to that of Nimes.
bitterly	She supplied bitterly as she rinsed the last dish and put it into the rack.
bittern	Herons, the brown pelican, bittern, and mud hen frequent the marshes.
bit	The trip back was every bit as exciting.
bittersweet	A home with bittersweet memories - a home she could no longer have?
bitterness	She was starting to taste the bitterness of reality.
bitumen	The bitumen which floats to shore is also collected.
bivalve	The Acephala, or Lamellibranchiata, are commonly known as bivalve shell-fish.
bivalved	The Branchiopoda have a very variable number of body-segments, with or without a shield, simple or bivalved, and some of the postoral appendages normally branchial.
bivouac	The square was again heavily attacked, but the Arabs could not get to close quarters and in the evening a bivouac was formed on the Nile.
bizarre	He was at ease with the bizarre discussion.
bivalent	It is chemically related to cadmium and mercury, the resemblance to cadmium being especially well marked; one distinction is that zinc is less basigenic. Zinc is capable of isomorphously replacing many of the bivalent metals - magnesium, manganese, iron, nickel, cobalt and cadmium.
biweekly	Join a CSA to get organic items on a weekly or biweekly basis.
bituminous	The production of bituminous coal has also increased very rapidly.
bizarrely	A wicker hanging chair suspended from the ceiling was bizarrely about 6ft foot up in the air.
biz	Provocateur - With a thriving mail-order catalog, Web site, and shops located throughout the UK, Europe, the Middle East, Hong Kong, and America, Agent Provocateur is a heavy hitter in the lingerie biz.
bl	Acting upon that theory, the experts of TokyO and Nagoya have produced many very beautiful specimens of monochrome enamelyellow (canary or straw), rose du Barry, liquid-dawn, red, aubergine purple, green (grass or leaf), dove-grey and lapis lazuli bl,ue.
black	It's just a black snake.
bite	Don't bite my head off.
blackboard	She wrote on the blackboard the names of all the gentlemen present.
blabbermouth	She wasn't irresponsible, a blabbermouth or a liar – contrary to what both of them seemed to think.
blackcock	On the upper verge of the pine forests, or in the scrubby vegetation just beyond, the following are not uncommon - black woodpecker (Picus martius), ring-ousel (Turdus torquatus), Bonelli's warbler (Phylloscopus Bonellii), crested tit (Parus cristatus), citril finch (Citrinella alpina), siskin (Chrysomitris spinus), crossbill (Loxia curvirostra), nutcracker (Nucifraga caryocatactes), blackcock (Tetrao tetrix), and the alpine varieties of the marsh-tit (Parus palustris, borealis) and tree-creeper (Certhia familiaris, costae).
blacken	Quenstedt (c. 1685) and others - in a controversial interest, to blacken the Calvinists still more - distinguished which articles were fundamental.
blackbird	Of birds some species of parrakeet, the mandarin blackbird, and the woodcock are not found in the rest of Indo-China.
blackguard	Papa, he is a blackguard and a thief!
blackhead	A small whitehead or blackhead may leave behind a red or brown mark which will diminish over time, but inflamed and pus-filled pimples often result in longer-lasting scars or a pitted appearance.
blackberry	Fresh blackberry pie sounded good.
blacking	We moored up for the night at Clayhithe, and painted the side of the boat where the new blacking had become scratched.
blacksmith	A blacksmith was shoeing a horse.
blacklist	Recruiting boils down to using the local police's blacklist you get.
blackly	Ultimately tho, while it entertains, the story is slightly too long to justify the blackly comedic but weak ending.
blackness	Blackness crept into her vision.
blackmail	Then he added, You didn't try to blackmail him into quitting the election, did you?
bladder	He took the bladder with a frown.
blackish	All the American species are of a nearly uniform dark brown or blackish colour when adult; but it is a curious circumstance that when young (and in this the Malay species conforms with the others) they are conspicuously marked with spots and longitudinal stripes of white or fawn colour on a darker ground.
blackthorn	A third species, the common sloe or blackthorn, P. spinosa, has stout spines; its flowers expand before the leaves; and its fruit is very rough to the taste, in which particulars it differs from the two preceding.
blackout	We received one piece of good news during our blackout period.
blacktop	The road leading to the castle was modern blacktop.
blame	I can't really blame him.
bladed	Buffalo and bunch, and other short native prairie grasses, very nutritious ranging food but unavailable as hay, once covered the plains and pastured immense herds of buffalo and other animals, but with increasing settlement they have given way generally to exotic bladed species, valuable alike for pasture and for hay, except in the western regions.
blackwood	He also published a small work, The Christ of the Gospels and the Christ of History, in which the views of Renan on the gospel history were dealt with; a monograph on Pascal for Blackwood's Foreign Classics series; and a little work, Beginning Life, addressed to young men, written at an earlier period.
blain	Blain and Umbreon were staring at me with utter loathing.
blah	Once I located him, about as you'd expect—shocked, couldn't believe it, blah, blah, blah.
blanch	Realization made her blanch.
blameless	Nerva seems nevertheless to have soon wearied of the uncongenial task of governing, and his anxiety to be rid of it was quickened by the discovery that not even his blameless life and mild rule protected him against intrigue and disaffection.
blade	I felt a sharp sting as the blade cut.
blanket	He will have a blanket of red each fall.
blandly	Count Ilya Rostov smiled blandly and nodded approval.
blameworthy	The conduct of Pretorius was stigmatized as blameworthy.
blankly	In her room, she stared blankly at her book.
blarney	The Blarney Stone, the kissing of which is said to confer this faculty, is pointed out within the castle.
blaspheme	Some of them, who denied that they had ever been Christians, had consented to pray to the gods, to adore the image of the emperor, and to blaspheme Christ; these he had dismissed.
blare	As he stumbled through the halls, he heard the alarms blare.
bland	The rice and beans were bland until mixed together.
blast	They say a blast at the Wanaka mine killed two.
blanking	Blanking caps are available so that the plug can be left watertight when disconnected.
blasphemous	Thou dreamest that thou art wise because thou couldst utter those blasphemous words, he went on, with a somber and scornful smile.
blasphemy	He also had committed blasphemy by threatening the uniqueness of God's presence.
blasted	The salt is blasted out with gunpowder.
blaster	Batter Blaster is a boon for dads who are short on time, but have hungry kids at the table on a Saturday morning.
blastoderm	Kowalevsky or a bug is invaginated into the yolk at the head end, the portion of (1871 and 1887) on the embryology of the water-beetle Hydrophilus the blastoderm necessarily pushed in with it forming the amnion.
blasting	Dry ice blasting reduces downtime from days to hours.
blastula	Then follows the phenomenon of gastrulation, by which onehalf of the blastula is invaginated into the other, so as to obliterate the segmentation cavity.
blastopore	Formation of archenteron and blastopore may, however, be deferred till a later stage (actinula or after).
blatantly	You, dear sir or madam, are making mistakes while I would never slip so blatantly.
blaze	I don't need to blaze a trail to find my way back.
blatant	He lifted his head in blatant rejection.
blazing	She'd hung one picture above the blazing hearth.
blazer	A mud-splattered Blazer was parked behind him.
blank	She gave him a blank look.
bleak	In the winter the landscape is bleak and the house is drafty.
bleary	She leaned against his chest, staring out the window with bleary eyes.
bleacher	These are the most basic of the new uniforms according to the Bleacher Report.
bled	You bled on my tie and puked on my shoes.
bleat	An agonizing bleat from the next stall indicated all was not well there.
bleakness	Monica Cutler looked up from her desk, a broad smile spreading across her face, brightening up the bleakness of the cloudy day.
bleeder	She's given him an indoor job, fixing pesky cupboard shelves in an attic, the lucky bleeder.
bleep	I continued my search with it set on zero, knowing the Iron would give a double bleep.
bleed	You would bleed her dry the first night.
blemish	Her work was so perfect that Athena, enraged at being unable to find any blemish in it, tore it to pieces.
bleach	The product is used to bleach sugar, as well as for construction and disinfection purposes.
blende	Crystals of blende belong to that subclass of the cubic system in which there are six planes of symmetry parallel to the faces of the rhombic dodecahedron and none parallel to the cubic faces; in other words, the crystals are cubic with inclined hemihedrism, and have no centre of symmetry.
blepharitis	The rash, which can also affect the chest and back and can occasionally affect the eyelids causing a blepharitis.
bless	May God bless them.
blesbok	Many species of antelope are found, mostly in small numbers, including the kudu, hartebeest, the sable and roan antelope, the white tailed and the brindled gnu, waterbuck, red buck, duiker, blesbok, palla, springbuck (numerous), steinbok, grysbok and klipspringer.
blessedness	The source of blessedness is not without us but within....
blenny	The 2 pictures below show the viviparous blenny, so called because the female gives birth to live young.
blest	It is impossible to estimate how far this legend commemorates some actual but imperfectly recorded discovery, and how far it is a reminiscence of the ancient idea of an elysium in the western seas which is embodied in the legends of the Isles of the Blest or Fortunate Islands.
blessed	God has truly blessed us.
blend	He'd never blend into the shadows again.
blessing	He taught, also, that a friend is the greatest blessing that any one can have.
blighty	When Jackass arrived in Blighty Russell was afforded the dubious privilege of promoting it for MTV UK.
blimp	The heightened anticipation sunk like an iron blimp when the first trunk was opened.
blimey	Now, I've seen some movie psychos in my time but this... Blimey!
blind	I was blind to her other side.
blighter	That's why we are finding it so difficult to catch the little blighter.
blight	But fortune now brought Bonaparte to blight those hopes.
blindfold	Maybe they blindfold him.
blinding	The white sand was almost as blinding as snow.
blindingly	On the first night they get exuberant, not to say blindingly drunk.
blinders	Flip up blinders are made to secure to your shooting glasses with a clip and can be flipped out of the way when you don't need it.
blink	In a blink, he'd Traveled there.
blindly	She turned, running blindly for the privacy of her wagon.
blinkered	I just feel sorry for your kids having a father that is blinkered and so unworldly.
blinker	The blinker lit up and the car pulled into a spot.
bleeding	His nose was bleeding profusely.
blinking	She began blinking rapidly and moved away from the looking glasses.
blindfolded	Let the kids take turns being blindfolded.
blip	I am a mere blip in the history of the University.
blindness	He has seen me in my blindness, and is trying to open my eyes.
blissful	A blissful bright smile was fixed on the baby's broad face with its toothless open mouth.
blister	In fine work the apex of the blister is ground off before the linal hammering.
blissfully	They seem blissfully unaware of the crisis in English fiction.
blithe	Europeans are not quite so blithe on these matters, having seen the continent decimated twice in the past century by war.
blitz	On 23 August came the start of the Blitz, building up to a terrible autumn of heavy, nightly raids.
blisteringly	The Rainton 10K forms part of the Black Sheep Brewery series and took place on a blisteringly hot afternoon.
blistering	His gaze was blistering, his voice controlled.
bloated	Was it bloated, or did he look like he was taking a nap?
bliss	Many also came with yearning of soul to enjoy the bliss of God.
block	It fled like a wounded animal and it was impossible to block its path.
blitzkrieg	An artist must launch a multimedia blitzkrieg to boost sales.
blizzard	The white sand blowing around looked like a Texas blizzard.
bloc	The parties of the Left in the chamber, united upon this question in the Bloc republicain, supported Combes in his application of the law of 1901 on the religious associations, and voted the new bill on the congregations (1904), and under his guidance France took the first definite steps toward the separation of church and state.
blob	Morph Cubes appear as a blob in your row of cubes to add to the board.
bloat	And, due to a wide chest cavity, Boxers can experience bloat.
blockhead	She must be shown that the blockhead thinks nothing of her and looks only at Bourienne.
blockage	Does the beading caused by welding create a blockage?
blocker	Like Internet Explorer, Firefox also includes a built-in pop-up blocker.
blockhouse	In 1497 a blockhouse was built at the harbour mouth as a protection against the English.
blockade	The American commodore was now able to blockade the British flotilla at Kingston.
blonde	The blonde teacher was staring at her.
blood	Blood raced up her neck to warm her cheeks.
blockbuster	I'm sure it will be a huge blockbuster.
bloodhound	He felt like a man holding a fierce bloodhound in leash.
bloodline	Uchiha is a clan with the Sharingan bloodline power that takes multiple forms based on the amount of control the user has.
bloke	It couldn't have happened to a better bloke, top angling.
blooded	This division of the Vertebrata into hot and cold blooded is a curiously retrograde step, only intelligible when we reflect that the excellent entomologist had no real comprehension of vertebrate morphology; but he makes some atonement for the blunder by steadily upholding the class distinctness of the Amphibia.
blond	His hair was sandy blond, his skin golden.
bloodshot	His eyes were bloodshot and a little glassy.
blocking	I got a nice strong feeling they're blocking me out of the picture.
bloodsucking	These insects are bloodsucking, which means they can bite and feed on you and your family during sleep.
bloodshed	I know bloodshed isn't your thing.
bloodsucker	C. ophiomachus, generally known as the bloodsucker on account of the red colour on the head and neck displayed during excitement.
bloody	Rob was holding a bloody cloth over his nose.
bloodstream	Try not to smoke as nicotine will pass into your baby's bloodstream.
bloodless	By heading off reactionary Austria Napoleon hoped to conciliate the French Liberals; by helping the pope, to satisfy the Catholics; by concessions to be wrung both from Pius and from the Roman triumvirs, to achieve a bloodless victory.
bloodthirstiness	In cruelty the Aztecs surpassed perhaps all peoples of the Old World, except certain Semitic stocks, and their gods, of course, surpassed almost all other gods in bloodthirstiness.
bloodworm	Andrew Jarvis used bloodworm and intermediate line to land 14 trout to 4lb.
bloodthirsty	I'd kill him! shouted Denisov in a bloodthirsty tone.
bloomer	Dear Star, please stop all this talk of his lordship's bloomer 's, tis quite off putting.
bloomers	They are all are freshly made on organic brown or the beautiful seeded white bloomers from a local baker.
blooming	The scent of pine and blooming flowers was thick in the air.
blot	Luther's weakness brought the second great blot on his career.
blotch	The handprint was a bright red blotch on his pale face as he stared down at her.
blotched	The eggs are four in number, of a dark olive colour, blotched and spotted with rich brown.
blotchiness	Look for products that target your specific concerns, whether they are fine lines, age spots, sagging, hyperpigmentation or blotchiness.
blotchy	If you've been waking with red, blotchy marks on your skin, you may have bedbug rash.
blow	We gonna blow something up?
blotter	There 's not enough space on a LSD blotter to contain enough strychnine to poison you.
blossom	On the spurs thus formed blossom buds will be developed early in the following season.
blouson	A blouson top swimsuit is an ideal style for full-figured women.
blown	It must have blown off in the storm.
blowpipe	Cronstedt placed a bulb in the centre of his blowpipe.
blowhole	The interior surface of a blowhole which lies near the outer crust of the ingot, as at A in fig.
blower	The blower places the glass in the mould, closes the mould by pressing a lever with his foot, and either blows down the blowing iron or attaches it to a tube connected with a supply of compressed air.
blowtorch	The drying process can be speeded up by use of a blowtorch, hot air gun or hair dryer.
blouse	She wore white slacks, an emerald-green silk blouse and high-heeled shoes.
bloom	All the beautiful flowers are in bloom now.
bludgeon	It seemed to him as though one of the soldiers near him hit him on the head with the full swing of a bludgeon.
blue	She handed him a light blue shirt.
blubber	Fish and blubber oils are principally produced in Dundee, London and Greenock.
blueprint	We had to create a model blueprint for our model making team.
bluebird	On the 13th of March, after I had heard the bluebird, song sparrow, and red-wing, the ice was still nearly a foot thick.
blueberry	The coffee was good and so was the blueberry pie.
bluebell	Ground flora includes wood anemone, bluebell and wild garlic.
blueness	Are you looking for bedding that compliments the crisp blueness of your cat's eyes?
bluesy	It also gets big n bluesy when the channels Gain control is cranked up.
bluntly	I do not want to see windmills, he said bluntly.
blunder	The blunder was soon committed.
blurred	Tears blurred her eyes.
bluff	The court-house and city hall are on the bluff overlooking Lake Erie.
blurry	His face had been blurry, his dress different.
blurriness	Filters render artistic effects, distortion, blurriness, sharpness, noise removal, and lighting effects, among others.
blush	The next entry brought a blush to her cheeks.
bluntness	His bluntness struck her as funny.
blushing	Without having to look, he knew she would be blushing again.
blurb	A minute to learn, a lifetime to master, says the blurb.
bluish	His lips were a bluish color.
bluster	The bluster of wind screached in his ears.
blusher	Since then I have worn blusher and think I look more radiant now!
blunt	Nicholas was a blunt soldier incapable of comprehending his brother's sentimental sympathy with liberalism.
blur	Tears made her vision blur again.
blurt	They notice that he tends to just blurt out whatever comes into his head.
bma	The BMA, Royal College of Nursing, The Royal Colleges of Paeds and Surgeons are all onboard.
board	I board him at a stable and ride him on weekends.
boarder	You're not just a boarder here—you're part of our family.
bnf	The plants incase the waste in glass blocks for eventual disposal either in the UK or in one of BNF's customer countries.
boa	It rises up and slinks around my throat like a black boa.
blustery	Some farmers believe that these blustery winter storms we're having portend a blazing hot summer ahead.
bo	Tamer emerged from Kris's chamber into the hallway first, armed with a scythe and a bo, while Erik followed with a long sword.
boastful	You would also be proud, perhaps even boastful, of that trait.
boardwalk	She spotted him waving to her from the boardwalk outside the saloon.
boat	He made a boat for himself.
boar	The wild boar is found in the Delta.
boardroom	The original oak paneled dining room now makes a fine boardroom.
boater	Between the ages of 10 and 13, Martin stood outside the front gates wearing a straw boater and bow tie while selling guidebooks.
boastfulness	But Aristotle's purely quantitative statement of the relation of virtue and vice is misleading, even where it is not obviously inappropriate; and sometimes leads him to such eccentricities as that of making simple veracity a mean between boastfulness and mock-modesty.3
boathouse	The facelift is part of a £ 100,000 repair program that will include the nearby boathouse.
boatman	Sometimes he is descriptive, as in his Polish poem entitled Flis ( The Boatman), in which he gives a detailed account of the scenery on the banks of the Vistula.
boarding	Vermont, where she opened a boarding school for girls in 1814.
boatswain	The old boatswain was left alone, but he had plenty to do.
bobber	At that moment, the bobber plunged under the surface of the water.
bobby	Bobby was assigned to the pending burglary case and Dean had made the arrest.
bobbin	After the decline of its woollen trade Tiverton became noted for the lace manufacture introduced by John Heathcoat (1783-1861), inventor of the bobbin net frame.
boating	Drift whales were utilized in the earliest years of the colony, and shore boating for the baleen (or right ) whale - rich in bone and in blubber yielding common oil - was an industry already regulated by various towns before 1650; but the pursuit of the sperm whale did not begin until about 1713.
bobble	Single hoglets can have the bobble on the inside to cuddle into.
boast	Few popes can boast of greater enterprise or larger achievements.
bobcat	Wouldn't a rabid bobcat be noticed this close to LA?
bobsled	Himself better to designing bobsled stay awake during blair's colleagues are.
bock	He was followed by other writers, - Leonhard Fuchs, whose Historia Stirpium (Basel, 1542) is worthy of special note for its excellent woodcuts; Hieronymus Bock, whose Kreutter Buch appeared in 1539; and William Turner, The Father of English Botany, the first part of whose New Herbal, printed in English, was issued in 1551.
bod	The inhabitants of Tibet call themselves Bod-pa (pronounced usually Bho-pa), or people of Bod.
bobtailed	One in a black uniform with white plumes in his hat rode a bobtailed chestnut horse, the other who was in a white uniform rode a black one.
bodega	I stopped at a bodega on the corner and bought a bottle of merlot.
bodhisattva	Of the works he probably wrote one was a treatise advocating the Madhyamaka views of which he is the reputed founder; another a long and poetical prose work on the stages of the Bodhisattva career; and a third a voluminous commentary on the Mahaprajna-paramita Sutra.
bode	The sign does not often bode well with Cancer or other Aries' moon signs.
bodied	Whereas the Rhine wines of the finer descriptions Moselle, are as a rule fairly full bodied and of marked vinosity, the Moselle wines are mostly light and of a somewhat delicate nature.
bodiless	Skandaalso called Kumara (the youth), Karttikeya, or Subrahmanya (in the south) - the six-headed war-lord of the gods; and Ganese, the lord (or leader) of Siva's troupes of attendants, being at the same time the elephant-headed, paunch-bellied god of wisdom; whilst a third, Kama (Kamadeva) or Kandarpa, the god of love, gets his popular epithet of Ananga, the bodiless,from his having once, in frolicsome play, tried the power of his arrows upon Siva, whilst engaged in austere practices, when a single glance from the third (forehead) eye of the angry god reduced the mischievous urchin to ashes.
bodkin	The copper bodkin is found in S.D.
bodyguard	This is Sofi and her bodyguard, Pierre.
boer	They were driven out by Boer trekkers in 1837.
bodice	She glanced down at the straining bodice and made a face.
bob	Now he wants to bob up again.
boeotian	There is little doubt that Cadmus was originally a Boeotian, that is, a Greek hero.
boffin	Fortunately, now you do not have to be a computer boffin to create a simple site.
bogey	If you hit a triple bogey at golf, the next hole can be a birdie.
boggle	The DS game library contains over 1,000 games and listing all of them could boggle your mind.
bodywork	How to repair bodywork for which repair panels are unavailable.
body	Every muscle in her body was sore.
boggy	It never grows in wet boggy places, never in woods, or on or about stumps of trees.
bog	The Bog of Allen has a general elevation of 250 ft.
bogle	Two English missions sent by Warren Hastings to Tibet, one led by George Bogle in 1774, and the other by Captain Turner in 1783, complete Tibetan exploration in the 18th century.
bogus	He had to return it as promised, even knowing it was a bogus rule.
boil	Go and get the samovar to boil for your grandfather.
bogie	In still rarer cases both a leading and a trailing bogie have been fitted.
bohea	The instructions of 1700 directed the supercargoes to send home 300 tubs of the finer green teas and 80 tubs of bohea.
bodily	He grasped her waist and lifted her bodily from the saddle.
boisterous	The boisterous student disrupted his class everyday.
bold	They are also good farmers and bold seamen.
bola	That which dries on the incisions in the tree is called bola or burucha, and is said to be highly prized in New York.
boldly	She stared boldly at him as he read from the book in his lap.
boldness	Those of the Venetian artists are remarkable for the boldness of their coloring.
bole	The bole of the stem is slightly over a yard in circumference.
bohemian	They've made up splendid packs for me--fit to cross the Bohemian mountains with.
bolero	It has a tulle underskirt, and you can buy a coordinating bolero if it is chilly.
boletus	The Fungi that have been discovered taking part in the union include Eurotium, Pythiam, Boletus, A garicus, Lactarias, Penscillium and many others of less frequent occurrence.
boll	The damage may be only slight, or the entire boll may ripen prematurely and become dry and dead.
bollocks	The only possible description I can think of is utter bollocks.
boiler	This steam condensing adds to the water in the pipe and naturally causes an overflow, which is led back to the boiler and re-used.
bolometer	One form such a detector takes is the bolometer.
bolster	Our internet was so slow we had to get an extender in order to bolster our poor home wi-fi.
bolshevism	To follow it, we must make a little digression into the history of Bolshevism.
bolshevik	On the eastern front the Bolshevik danger was also overcome.
bolt	Fred sat bolt upright.
bombard	In November 1897, when the Austro-Hungarian flag was insulted at Mersina, he threatened to bombard the town if instant reparation were not made, and by his firm attitude greatly enhanced Austrian prestige in the East.
bolus	This bolus is surrounded, as by a bag, by the cast-up lining of the gizzard.
bombast	England Made Me is a fine album that ably demonstrates that not all Britpop albums were about trad glamor or novelty pop bombast.
boiling	It might get the pot boiling a bit.
bombardment	During the bombardment of Copenhagen Baird was wounded.
bomb	But what has the bomb to do with what I wish you to write?
bombastic	This is a singular prose poem, in language sometimes rather bombastic but often beautiful.
bombardier	In 1703 Alexius was ordered to follow the army to the field as a private in a bombardier regiment.
bombshell	From music to movies, and beauty creams to handbags, this blond bombshell is a marketing machine.
bombed	He pronounced each word precisely, as if he was totally bombed.
bomber	It doesn't take much ice to give you a bomber, a firm hold, provide you set your angle right.
bonding	There was no need for bonding time.
bonanza	The bonanza farmers find it good policy to feed their men well.
bombing	The bombing of the town of Randolph stopped an hour before dawn.
bondsman	Successful at catching the criminal, Chapman went into business as a bondsman.
bondman	These represent the three classes of mankind according to old Teutonic ideas - the noble, the simple freeman and the bondman.
bonded	To her surprise and delight, they instantly bonded with him.
bondage	His bondage lasted for six years.
bonfire	A few of us hunt every night for meat then have a bonfire to cook it up.
boned	Fish should be carefully boned before it is served to younger children.
bong	In a book, it's usually a checkmark in the margin, but on this DVD, it's a bong noise that some find distracting.
bongo	The large and brightly coloured bongo (Boocercus euryceros) of the equatorial forest-districts serves in some respects to connect the bushbucks with the elands, having horns in both sexes, and a tufted tail, but a brilliant orange coat with vertical white stripes.
bonhomie	It is not too much to say that his imperturbable equanimity, his serene bonhomie kept the host together.
bonito	The fish caught are principally sardines, bonito, smelts and sprats.
bonkers	Cleary must be going bonkers wondering how we got on to him.
bonne	The story of Hop's expedition is told in the Nouvelle description .du Cap de Bonne Esperance (Amsterdam, 1778).
bonny	Both Eleanor and Blink Bonny won the Oaks as well as the Derby.
bonsai	Place large bonsai trees near the front of the pagoda, and bring in magnolia trees to flank the pagoda if your budget allows.
bone	He dropped the small bone in his pocket.
bonnet	Like asking a car mechanic to work on the car without lifting the bonnet!
boob	Boob Tube - for either gender, wear the biggest, tackiest fake breasts you can find and glue an empty toilet paper or paper towel tube in the cleavage.
book	A coloring book and crayons kept her busy while they worked and talked.
booby	He has booby trapped the dams on Iraq's two great rivers and he may have done the same to Iraq's oilfields.
boo	Cambridge is built on a hill about Boo ft.
bony	The first dorsal fin and the ventrals are transformed into pointed formidable spines, and joined to firm bony plates of the endoskeleton.
bookish	A bookish man with glasses, wearing a white lab coat, opened the door to the small house.
bookcase	A bookcase containing a dozen baseball trophies highlighted the far wall of the small room.
bookbinder	Faraday himself became apprenticed to a bookbinder.
booker	In 1996 she chaired the judging panel of the Booker Prize.
bookkeeping	Dean spent the balance of the afternoon doing bookkeeping for the lodging establishment.
bond	The bond between mates is strong.
bonus	The art is a bonus, he said with a wink.
bookman	These were followed by Scribner's Magazine (1887), the New England Magazine (1889), the Illustrated Review of Reviews (1890), McClure's Magazine (1893), the Bookman (1895), the World's Work (1902), the American Magazine (1906) succeeding Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly, and Munsey's Magazine (1889).
bookie	Betdaq where you become the bookie get 20% better odds.
booklet	Here, in the gist of the booklet received from the hand of a female figure representing the Church, we have in germ the message of The Shepherd.
bookbinding	The other industries of Johannesburg include brewing, printing and bookbinding, timber sawing, flour milling, iron and brass founding, brick making and the manufacture of tobacco.
bookmaker	A relatively small but well established Irish bookmaker willing to price up every horse and race each day.
bookplate	The album contains the bookplate of Albert Louis Cotton (1874 - 1930 ).
bookstall	These can all be obtained from the church bookstall.
bookshop	There is a second-hand bookshop on the ground floor.
boom	Each boom of thunder was loud enough to rattle the window panes.
bookseller	They can ask a bookseller or librarian for a suggestion.
bookworm	At five he was a bookworm.
boomerang	The characteristic weapon of the Australian is the boomerang.
bookshelf	The bookshelf was empty and weapons lined the opposite wall.
bookselling	In the trades of bookselling and publishing Leipzig occupies a unique position, not only taking the first place in Germany, but even surpassing London and Paris in the number and total value of its sales.
bookmark	She absently flipped through the pages to her bookmark.
boolean	As well as allowing you to choose a Boolean search term, Internet search engines use implied Boolean operators.
boomer	They sell products from a long list of manufacturers, including Black Cat, Black Diamond, Brothers, Dominator, Boomer, Predator, Pure, World Class and Rising Sun.
bookstore	When they entered the main bookstore, she stopped.
boon	Honey is a boon to those with weak digestion.
boorish	Please stop me if I become redundant or boorish.
booth	Is there a phone booth around here?
booted	He wanted to think that being booted from his position was the least of his concerns.
booster	The infected fleas then fed on 15 mice that had been inoculated with the experimental vaccine containing an adjuvant (an immune booster ).
bootleg	But shops and artists who purchase bootleg flash art are cheating themselves, too.
bootmaker	At 12 years he served for six months on a fishing smack, was afterwards apprenticed to a bootmaker and then joined the Royal Navy.
boost	Howie, would you come over here and give me a boost?
bootstrap	Often membership organizations bootstrap from donations, although often membership orgs don't pay their own way.
booze	How much booze did he put away, for instance?
boozer	Did find a decent boozer, which was the best place to be on a day like this.
bootstrapping	In a bootstrapping situation, you provide the initial capital, and once it gets going, your startup is responsible for funding itself.
bop	I have to bop into town anyway.
booty	They killed the port-reeve, took some booty and sailed away.
boot	She kicked his boot under the table.
borate	Heated with sulphuric acid and with nitric acid it is oxidized to boric acid, whilst on fusion with alkaline carbonates and hydroxides it gives a borate of the alkali metal.
borage	Herbs The kinds of herbs grown for flavoring sauces and meat included borage, sage, thyme, rosemary, parsley and chives.
boracic	Borax and boracic acid are feeble but useful antiseptics.
bopper	Everyone from boy band rock stars like Bon Jovi to teeny bopper artists such as Debbie Gibson and Tiffany all wore the heavy bang.
borax	Among the principal varieties are those which contain carbolic acid and other ingredients of coal tar, salicylic acid, petroleum, borax, camphor, iodine, mercurial salts, sulphur and tannin.
boots	He shucked his boots and waded into the water.
borderland	Several of the tribes along the borderland, however, were undoubtedly of mixed blood.
boreas	Accordingly, when the Harpies appeared as usual to carry off the food from Phineus's table, they were driven off and pursued by Calais and Zetes, the sons of Boreas, as far as the Strophades islands in the Aegean.
boreal	He further found that there was an element which he termed boreal in a more intense degree, which amounted to about a fifteenth of the whole flora.
borderline	Still borderline on the killing.
boring	I must be boring you to death.
borer	A well borer or earth auger is used to make a hole down to water level.
born	You said you were born here.
borne	You have borne arms against us.
border	Brockville is just over the border from Maryland and Washington.
boredom	Tina likes to combat her boredom by reading a book.
boric	A high silica-content tends towards both hardness and chemical stability, and this can be further increased by the addition of small proportions of boric acid; in larger quantities, however, the latter constituent produces the opposite effect.
bore	I don't want to bore you to death.
borrowed	Perhaps my sister borrowed it.
borrower	One of these is micro-lending, which directly connects the lender with the borrower and which the Internet has made appealingly easy and personal.
borehole	To ensure that the new borehole provides a secure public water supply without damaging nearby wetlands.
boron	Conspicuous examples are afforded by oxygen, carbon, boron, silicon, phosphorus, mercuric oxide and iodide.
borstal	Borstal system seems to encourage the ' Daddy ' system as a way of maintaining order whilst Archer's style merely fuels resentment.
borrowing	Borrowing was resorted to by the government.
bosh	The smelting zone always has a bosh and a contracted tuyere section.
bort	Bort (or Boart) is the name given to impure crystals or fragments useless for jewels; it is also applied to the rounded crystalline aggregates, which generally have a grey colour, a rough surface, often a radial structure, and are devoid of good cleavage.
borzoi	Along with the Russian aristocracy, the Borzoi also has historical links with the Royal family in England.
bos	The aurochs (Bos urns) appears to exist still in the forests of the western Caucasus.
borrow	Sarah, can I borrow your Lexus?
bordeaux	This here is Chauncey Bordeaux.
borough	The county borough was created in 1888.
bosquet	The impression created by the conduct of the Light Brigade was forcibly expressed in Tennyson's well-known ballad, and in spite of the equally celebrated remark of the French general Bosquet, C'est magnifique mais ce n'est pas la guerre, it may be questioned whether the moral effect of the charge did not outweigh the very serious loss in trained men and horses involved.
botanically	South China, therefore, seems, botanically, hardly distinct from the great Indian region, into which many Chinese forms penetrate, as before noticed.
bossy	Don't get bossy with me, Mr. Marsh.
botanic	The botanic gardens form a pleasant and favourite place of resort.
bosom	Your bosom buddy Jake's on a short leave.
botanist	His father, Frederick Brooke Westcott, was a botanist of some distinction.
both	I liked them both very much.
botch	Especially early in the competition, the teams frequently fall behind in dinner service and botch recipes and orders.
botanical	The botanical gardens of Brazil are developing into permanent exhibitions of the flora of the regions in which they are located.
boss	You're not the boss of me.
bothersome	If they're bothersome they can be removed.
botany	After leaving Botany Bay, Cook sailed northward.
bottleneck	The badge printers were a major bottleneck in the system.
bothy	Choose to stay in our bed and breakfast accommodation or our self catering bothy.
bottom	At the bottom of the hill a sharp turn waited.
bother	I didn't even bother to ask.
bottomless	Her self-esteem was slowly sinking into a bottomless pit.
botulism	These bacteria produce a toxin in food which causes a severe illness called botulism which can be fatal.
bouffant	Ship's Ghost Lady Thatcher will be taking part in this capacity, complete with her military-grade bouffant hairdo.
bough	The bigger the bough, the more fruit is likely to sprout from it.
boulder	Gabe sat down on a boulder, a thrill working through him.
boulevard	A boulevard runs along the shore of the lake.
boudoir	Please go to my boudoir, Jellia, and get the white piglet I left on the dressing-table.
bougie	The favours he received from the sovereign excited the jealousy of the vizier, and he was driven back to Africa (1364), where he was received with great cordiality by the sultan of Bougie, Abu Abdallah, who had been formerly his companion in prison.
bouillabaisse	The idea is that you go to the market to buy fish to make a bouillabaisse.
bouillon	Bouillon remained French till 1814, and Vauban called it the key of the Ardennes.
bottle	Another bottle! he shouted.
boundary	They remain at the boundary of his kingdom and Corcoran.
bouncer	A Scarborough nightclub bouncer is assaulted by two brothers.
bouncy	He smoothed her bouncy curls, wanting to let his hands continue down her body.
bounce	Then they'll bounce me to some other place in Denver, like Little Orphan Annie.
bouncing	Fred's changed his bow tie three times and you're bouncing around here like a November turkey.
bounteous	For that purpose it was necessary that he should have the means not only to meet all state expenses, but also to be bounteous.
bought	He bought a ton of stuff.
bounder	Seems to me that's about all the little bounder wants doing to it.
bountiful	So let's say the large corn farms all have a great year and a bountiful crop comes forth.
boundless	The lack of funds which would have proved fatal to Spartan naval warfare was remedied by the intervention of Persia, which supplied large subsidies, and Spartan good fortune culminated in the possession at this time of an admiral of boundless vigour and considerable military ability, Lysander, to whom much of Sparta's success is attributable.
bouquet	She placed a bouquet of brightly colored flowers on the table.
bounty	The rest of the immortals had a bounty on my head.
bounded	He bounded up the stairs to his room as he answered.
bourgeois	Boccaccio, the contented bourgeois, succeeded to Dante, the fierce aristocrat.
bourn	This company works jointly with the Great Eastern the line from March to Spalding, Lincoln, Gainsborough and Doncaster, and with the Midland that from Saxby to Bourn, Spalding, Holbeach, Sutton Bridge and King's Lynn.
bourgeoisie	Of the two parties who joined in it Retz could only depend on the bourgeoisie of Paris.
bourdon	The better known Bourdon gage works by allowing the pressure into a curved tube, itself of a slightly elliptical cross section.
bourg	Bourg is the capital and Belley is the seat of a bishop. Jujurieux, in the arrondissement of Nantua, has the most important silk factory in the department, occupying over 1000 workpeople.
bout	To her horror, she started a fresh bout of crying.
bound	In such a hurry, she was bound to leave something behind that she would need later.
bourse	By the end of 1901 the price of Italian stock on the Paris Bourse had, however, risen to par or thereabouts.
bourne	The town itself lies in and about the valley of the Bourne stream.
bovine	This Orphic fast from meat was only broken by an annual sacramental banquet, originally, perhaps, of human, but later of raw bovine flesh.
boutonniere	Fred O'Connor, dressed to the nines in a dapper suit, pink shirt, bow tie and sporting a boutonniere, asked Dean if his iron was broken when he took one look at his stepson's new but wrinkled slacks.
bourbon	We shared our sadness at the waste of two barely emerging lives with the remainder of the celebratory bourbon.
bower	But it is a fairy bower now to what it used to be.
bowed	She crossed herself and bowed her head.
bowel	Lower down in the bowel these compounds are converted into ferrous sulphide and tannate, and are eliminated with the faeces, turning them black.
bowler	Every bowler should learn both forehand and backhand play.
bowline	A five year old teaching the adults how to tie a bowline is a sight to behold!
bowing	Charles knelt before him, bowing his head.
bow	Their weapons were the bow and arrow and stones.
bowsprit	In the meantime, if your boat has a bowsprit, could you please check the bobstay, its attachments and its components.
boutique	Ethel was not attractive in spite of spending more money in the beauty salon and boutique than Dean's entire salary.
bowman	The 1951 Bowman card is Mickey Mantle's rookie card.
bowser	Mario and princess Peach are having a walk when suddenly Bowser Jr. kidnaps the princess while Mario is distracted.
bowstring	For parabolic or bowstring girders, when r =8, the limiting span is 1280 ft.
bowling	But though the same statute absolutely prohibited bowling alleys, Henry VIII.
bowl	She grabbed a bowl and dipped out the last of the oatmeal.
boxing	He was waiting for her in the boxing ring.
bowyer	The communities in the locality were in lockdown after Straffen's almost nonchalant escape and his presumed murder of Linda Bowyer.
boy	I could see a man and a boy some distance away, pitching hay into a horse drawn wagon.
boycott	Our plan is to boycott the circus.
boxer	It's like a boxer who possesses a knockout blow and can produce it at any given moment, like...
bowtie	It will have lost its luster, gone threadbare, But new, it bore the wedding day's bowtie.
boxwood	It is noted for the fine boxwood grown in the vicinity, is a port of call for Black Sea coasting steamers and carries on a considerable trade with Constantinople which might be increased were it not for the obstruction of the harbour by a bar.
boyish	He records how it was burnt into him by pictures which filled his boyish imagination.
box	Her jewelry box was tiny and wooden.
bps	Other pin-compatible modules in the range include extremely low-cost V.22 bis modules and fully featured V.92 (56,000 bps) modules with speakerphone facilities.
boyhood	From boyhood his life was one of adventure.
bp	The resultant force due to these two pointcharges must then be in the direction CP, and its value E is the vector sum of the two forces along AP and BP due to the two point-charges.
br	All these are strikingly alike in appearance and general characters, differing essentially only in chemical composition, and it would seem better to reserve the name cerargyrite for the whole group, using the names chlorargyrite (AgC1), embolite (Ag(Cl, Bl)), bromargyrite (AgBr) and iodembolite (Ag(C1, Br, I)) for the different isomorphous members of the group. They are cubic in crystallization, with the cube and the octahedron as prominent forms, but crystals are small and usually indistinct; there is no cleavage.
brace	Look for anything to brace the door!
brachialis	The brachialis is the smaller muscle, which lies underneath the biceps.
brachial	The development of the brachial supports has been studied by Friele, Fischer and Oehlert.
braces	Rostov turned and was about to go, but the man in the braces stopped him.
brachiopod	The soft body of the Brachiopod is in all cases protected by a shell composed of two distinct valves; these valves are always, except in cases of malformation, equal-sided, but not equivalved.
brachycephalic	The human type is always very brachycephalic, with brow receding sharply and long nose making almost one line with the sloping forehead.
bra	Then they caressed their way up her side, his thumb sliding under her bra and gently up the curve of her breast.
boyfriend	Her biggest problem now would be explaining things to her boyfriend, who was probably still nursing his wounds.
bracelet	He wore a rose gold bracelet very similar to Romas's in all but color, and soft, dark boots.
bract	Except where it is terminal it arises, like the leaf-shoot, in the axil of a leaf, which is then known as a bract.
bracing	He backed up slightly, bracing for her reaction.
bracken	There, before the colonists came, wide sweeps of dull green bracken or wiry yellow-green tussocks seemed bleak and monotonous enough.
bracket	Set up a bracket system so everyone knows who is winning!
brae	Brae signifies the steep bank of a river, and so any slope or hill-side.
brag	Did he brag about specific crimes when you were cellmates?
braggart	You sound like a braggart, so you should try to be more humble.
brackish	They can live in brackish and even in sea water.
braid	He straightened and gave her braid a flip.
braggadocio	There's a fine but definitive line between being a braggadocio and healthy self-promotion.
brad	She didn't want to die, and she didn't want to spend the rest of her life without ever seeing the sun again like Brad Pitt in Interview with the Vampire.
brahmin	A Brahmin, leaving home, left his daughter in charge of an ichneumon, which he had long cherished.
brahman	In every scheme of grouping the Brahman heads the list.
brahminism	For further details as to the development of the priestly caste and wisdom in India the reader must refer to Brahminism; here it is enough to observe that among a religious people a priesthood which forms a close and still more an hereditary corporation, and the assistance of which is indispensable in all religious acts, must rise to practical supremacy in society except under the strongest form of despotism, where the sovereign is head of the Church as well as of the state.
braille	I had always done my work in braille or in my head.
brahmanism	The peaceful progress of Brahmanism was hindered by the doctrine of the Indian prince Gotama, called the Buddha, which grew into one of the greatest religions of the world.
braider	A braided style may look like it took hours to weave, but an experienced braider can create multiple plaits in just a few minutes.
brainstorm	The teacher led a brainstorm of words associated with the Arctic.
brainchild	Planet Hollywood is the brainchild of businessman and entrepreneur Robert Earl.
brainless	It's too brainless and uncomplicated to make us think twice about the plot.
brainpower	There's no point me trying to do anything that involves much brainpower when I'm that tired.
brainwave	Neurofeedback allows patients to recognize brainwave activity by using electrodes that provide information instantly.
brainstorming	Spend time brainstorming ways of improving the areas around the school.
brake	It is sometimes necessary to use water to keep the brake wheel cool.
brainy	A cute collection of fonts is available from Brainy Betty.
bran	The bran is used for cattle-food and poultices, and the grain in the distillery.
brambling	We then walked back just in time for a late supper during which we hopped out to see a brambling in the garden.
bramble	A sob escaped her, and she fell, oblivious to the bramble scraping her arms and neck.
brain	An idea flashed through her brain and left a frown on her face.
branchia	The heart is usually posterior to the branchia (proso-branchiate).
branchiate	The original six specimens received in 1864 at the Jardin des Plantes, which had been carefully kept apart from their progeny, remained in the branchiate condition, and bred eleven times from 1865 to 1868, and, after a period of two years' rest, again in 1870.
branchiae	Appendages of body re „ duced to branchiae, present only in four species, and - - to the ventral copulatory 32 appendages of Alma and Criodrilus.
branchial	The water is expelled from the branchial chambers by one or two tubes opening by one orifice in most Batrachians.
branching	C. pulla, 6 in., purplish, nodding, on slender erect stalks; C. turbinata, 9 in., purple, broad-belled; C. carpatica, i ft., blue, bfoad-belled; C. nobilis, 12 ft., long-belled, whitish or tinted with chocolate; C. persicifolia, 2 ft., a fine border plant, single or double, white or purple, blooming in July; and C. pyramidalis, 6 ft., blue or white, in tall branching spikes, are good and diverse.
brander	The loss of the surgeon's hand that caused loss of life or limb; or the brander's hand that obliterated a slave's identification mark, are very similar.
branched	Or the primary hypha y first swell at its apex, and put forth a series of short peg-like branches (sterigmata) from the increased surface thus provided, each of which develops a similar basipetal chain of conidia (Aspergillus), and various combinations of these processes result in the development of numerous varieties of exquisitely branched sporophores of this type (Botrytis, Botryosporium, Verticillium, &c.).
branch	I've been studying culinary arts for a few years and recently decided to branch out on my own.
brant	The cities of Strassburg, Nuremberg, Augsburg, Basel, became centres of learned coteries, which gathered round scholars like Wimpheling, Brant, Peutinger, Schedel, and Pirckheimer, artists like Darer and Holbein, printers of the eminence of Froben.
brash	Wasn't that a little brash?
brassica	Many of the plants are annuals; among these are some of the commonest weeds of cultivation, shepherd's purse (Capsella Bursa-pastoris), charlock (Brassica Sinapis), and such common FIG.
brassy	Pyrite may be prepared artificially by gently heating ferrous sulphide with sulphur, or as brassy octahedra and cubes by slowly heating an intimate mixture of ferric oxide, sulphur and salammoniac. It is insoluble in dilute acids, but dissolves in nitric acid with separation of sulphur.
brandy	Brandy is produced in large quantities.
brasserie	The hotel boasts brightly decorated public areas including a brasserie, and an Art Deco foyer lounge.
brat	Perhaps it's his brat that the fellow is looking for.
bravado	Most of Baratto's bravado had disap­peared.
brave	He was brave now that he faced only a woman.
bravely	The attack was bravely repulsed, and the peshwa immediately fled from his capital.
bravo	She clapped profusely and shouted, Bravo.
bratwurst	The 12 World Cup cities The Observer Sunday 21 May 2006 Where can you get the best bratwurst in Berlin?
bravery	He displayed great bravery in the defence of Mainz.
bravura	Gorsky's airy choreography is sheer joy, and abounds in wit and technical bravura.
brawl	With magic or without, he'd won every brawl he'd ever been in, and he definitely wasn't afraid to fight a girl.
brazen	Never in her life had she done anything so brazen.
brawn	We know you're the brawn, not the brains.
brawler	Many of the superstars from the WWE universe have become household names, but it can be much more engaging to take your own custom-created brawler and toss him or her into the squared circle instead.
brawny	Briary is often used in the same manner as brawny.
brand	She grabbed the note pad and wrote a brand name and quantity.
bray	On the coast from Bray to Dundalk, and by the navigable rivers of the east and south coasts, the Norman put his iron foot firmly down.
brazier	His brazier barely suffices to warm his hands and his face.
breaded	Lunch Menu for Tuesday 15 August Rutherford Dining Hall Beef and mushroom pie, barbecue chicken, breaded haddock, roasted vegetable couscous.
breadstuffs	At the close of 1905 the area devoted to tillage was 9,365,000 acres, the area utilized for the production of breadstuffs being 6,270,000 acres or over two-thirds of the whole extent of cultivation.
breadfruit	Among the more common fruit-trees, some of which are exotics, may be mentioned cacao (Theobroma), orange, lemon, lime, pine-apple, banana, guava (Psidium), breadfruit (Artocarpus), cashew (A nacardium), alligator pear (Pers ea), with the apple, peach, pear, and other fruits of the temperate zone on the elevated plateaus.
break	If you break it, you replace it.
brass	His brass instruments have lost nothing of their ancient nobility.
breakable	Of course, these types of pots are also breakable.
breach	The two sections of the Argentine nation contrived to exist as separate governments without an open breach of the peace until 1859, when the long-continued tension led to the outbreak of hostilities.
bread	I guess I owe them a lot more than bread then.
breakaway	This version has a break-through windshield and a breakaway grill.
breakage	Hoisting ropes are weakened by deterioration and breakage of the wires, due to corrosion and repeated bending.
breadth	His breadth of human sympathy led him to positions which the comparative study of religions has made familiar, but for which his age was unprepared.
breaker	If I had a clue where the breaker box was located I'd have turned the lights on, not off!
breakwater	The harbour, enclosed within a breakwater, has an area of 24 acres, with 12 to 16 ft.
breakdown	In March, after breakdown long delay, the new Galician demands were definitely of 1870.
breast	When they met, she fell on his breast, sobbing.
breakpoint	The program executes instructions until a trap, exception, or any breakpoint is reached.
breakneck	Wind of ashes The early stanzas establish their breakneck speed through the device of their length.
breakthrough	One breakthrough is all it will take to change the world.
breastbone	The technique in children over one year of age is the same as in adults, except that the amount of force used is less than that used with adults in order to avoid damaging the child's ribs, breastbone, and internal organs.
breastplate	The culminating summits of the ranges generally present the appearance of a flat, rounded swelling, and when they are crowned with glaciers, as many of them are, these shape themselves into what may be described as a mantle, a breastplate, or a flat cap, from which lappets and fringes project at intervals; nowhere do there exist any of the long, narrow, winding glacier tongues which are so characteristic of the Alps of Europe.
bream	In among these species there are black bream all over the rocky marks.
breakup	In the latter year he was in charge of the Intelligence Department which largely contributed to breakup the confederacy of Maratha chiefs in the Pindari War, and was of great assistance in the campaign in Rajputana.
breathe	Her chest was too tight for her to breathe deeply.
breastwork	A royal palace existed at Westminster at least as early as the reign of Canute, but the building spoken of by Fitzstephen as an incomparable structure furnished with a breastwork and a bastion is supposed to have been founded by Edward the Confessor and enlarged by William the Conqueror.
breathlessly	She waited breathlessly for his next move.
breathable	Some patients may prefer a stoma protector, which resembles a breathable cravat covering.
breakfast	Sit down and have breakfast with us.
breaking	Breaking all the rules.
breather	I've been taking a breather from that life.
breath	His breath smelled of liquor.
breathtakingly	This was not a mangy or vicious creature standing before him, but a breathtakingly beautiful, gigantic wolf.
bred	The former, bred in the tradition of the Napoleonic battle, looked for the decision only from the employment of masses; the latter, trained with the breech-loader and without war experience, expected to decide battles by infantry fire only.
breathy	His tone was sensual and breathy, slightly unfocused, and he was a great performer of ballads.
breathless	She gave a breathless laugh.
breathtaking	With each bend of the highway they found breathtaking views.
breathlessness	Short-acting ÃŸ2 agonists should be used as the initial treatment for COPD patients to relieve breathlessness.
breeding	Unless you were breeding them, what difference did it make?
breeze	A cool breeze touched her cheeks and neck.
breeches	Breeches were assumed on the Day of Atonement.
bree	George Williams (the pharmacist) was in love with Bree and he wanted to get rid of Rex so she would be free for him.
breezy	He wore a breezy, short-sleeved shirt.
breech	The undiagnosed breech was the group most at risk.
brent	The British force consisted of 9000 men from Cork, under Sir Arthur Wellesley - at first in chief command; 5000 from Gibraltar, under General (Sir Brent) Spencer; and io,000 under Sir John Moore coming from Sweden; Wellesley and Moore being directed towards Portugal, and Spencer to Cadiz.
brethren	The growth of the Brethren was rapid.
bren	Strewn around are numerous exposed shells and bren gun carriers among other debris.
breeder	The lopeared breed is the oldest English variety, and has been cultivated carefully since about 1785, the aim of the breeder being directed to the development of the size of the ears, and with such success that they sometimes measure more than 23 in.
brevity	You did a good job on the brevity of this newsletter this week.
breed	What breed do you raise?
breve	Thus it is not surprising that Pisa should already have had its own code of laws (Consuetudini di mare), which in 1075 were approved by Gregory VII., and in 1081 confirmed by a patent from the emperor Henry IV., a document which mentions for the first time the existence of a magistrate analogous to the consuls of the republic, although the latter, according to some writers, already existed in Pisa as early as the year 1080; the point, however, is doubtful, and other writers place the first authentic mention of the consuls in the year 1094.1 The oldest of Pisan statutes still extant is the Breve dei consoli di mare of 1162.
brevet	From the latter he graduated in July 1828, and became by brevet a second lieutenant of infantry.
breviary	The Roman Breviary has undergone several revisions.
brew	She held her coffee cup with both hands and sipped the hot brew.
briar	It is full of black and briar fruit flavors and moves to a velvety finish.
bribe	The world could not bribe him.
brewery	In 1896 a brewery was established at Jubbulpore.
bribery	Bribery may be punished by fine, imprisonment and disfranchisement for ten years.
brick	His heart felt like a brick in his stomach.
brewer	Brewer, in his elaborate prefaces to the Letters and Papers (reissued as his History of the Reign of Henry VIII.), originated modern admiration for Wolsey; and his views are reflected in Creighton's Wolsey in the Twelve English Statesmen series, and in Dr Gairdner's careful articles in the Dict.
breathing	He was breathing hard.
brewing	Brewing and malting are localized chiefly in Nord.
brickwork	Boilers set in brickwork are sometimes used in domestic work, although they are more favoured for horticultural heating.
bricklayer	He looks at Spock and says, I'm a doctor not a bricklayer.
bridegroom	At the termination of this feast the procession re-forms, and with lanterns and music escorts the bridegroom back to his own house, where they feast until midnight.
bridge	Within two hours, the bridge was passable.
bridewell	The name Bridewell came from a well near the Fleet (New Bridge Street), dedicated to St Bride, and was attached to a house built by Henry VIII.
bridle	The roads are scarcely passable bridle tracks.
bridgehead	The bulk of this rearguard crossed the same evening, and only a small bridgehead was held at Latisana.
brief	There was a brief pause.
bride	My future bride looked envious.
bridging	Various works of a more or less imperfect character were carried out, such as the bridging over in 1637 of the Drainage.
brie	The Brie is famous for its grain and its dairy products, especially cheeses.
bridal	At this period he also assumes a bridal dress, painted with blue and red tints.
briefing	You gonna make the intel briefing this morning in an hour?
briefer	It gives a very brief exegesis, briefer even than Baker's.
bridesmaid	A celebrated beauty, a maid of honour and bridesmaid of Queen Victoria, she married, on the 10th of December 1843, Archibald, Lord Dalmeny (1809-1851), member for the Stirling Burghs, who became a lord of the adrriralty under Melbourne.
brier	In sussex it grows as freely as any Brier.
briefcase	He watched Kiki set the briefcase down and open it.
brigand	But, once free, he had no scruple in cheating the imperial brigand of his blackmail.
brigadier	At the ceremony Brigadier Sym described the battle and Pipe-Major Riach played the pibroch, The Battle of Auldearn .
brig	The New Brig was built in 1788, mainly owing to the efforts of Provost Ballantyne.
brigandage	Public security is considerably improved, and regular brigandage (as distinct from casual robbery) hardly exists.
brighten	Just a touch, a smile from you can do so much to brighten my every day.
brightener	If you want a relatively natural looking brightener for just your front teeth, I would recommend Crest White Strips.
brigade	The dissolution of the standing army, including the Black Brigade, was the immediate result of these decrees.
brill	Encouraged by this success Brill Flush ain d g.
brilliant	The stars were brilliant this evening.
briefs	In 1602 Garnet received briefs from Pope Clement VIII.
brightness	The brightness of every room made his sensitive eyes squint.
brilliancy	Every Italian artist and man of letters in an age of singular intellectual brilliancy tasted or hoped to taste of his bounty.
bright	She favored him with a bright smile.
brim	He peered sullenly from under the brim of his hat.
brightly	A fire burned brightly in the fireplace.
brimful	But, as you know, my heart is usually brimful of happiness.
brimmed	Her eyes brimmed with tears, and she ducked her head to hide them from Darkyn.
briefly	She met his gaze briefly and looked away.
brilliantly	I worked so hard and so brilliantly in tracing down these people.
bring	Bring my car around.
brimstone	Among other things Hales invented a sea-gauge for sounding, and processes for distilling fresh from sea water, for preserving corn from weevils by fumigation with brimstone, and for salting animals whole by passing brine into their arteries.
brindled	A fine brindled cow with a large udder was attached to the cart behind.
brilliance	The brilliance of his career was only made possible by the condition of the East in the 12th century.
brindle	Any color or variety of colors is acceptable, white, black, blue, fawn, brindle or parti-coloured are all OK.
brinkmanship	Mr Blair told MPs in the House he was not playing a game of dangerous brinkmanship with President Saddam.
brink	This woman could bring me to the brink of insanity.
briny	The bathing is invigorating; it must be followed by a freshwater bath because of the incrustation of the body from the briny water.
brio	Discipline, precision and concentration are key elements; sheer brio isn't enough on its own.
brisket	Irish Spiced Beef is a good way of using brisket, one of the cheaper cuts of beef.
bringer	At Eleusis, Demeter was venerated as the introducer of all the blessings which agriculture brings in its train - fixed dwelling-places, civil order, marriage and a peaceful life; hence her name Thesmophoros, the bringer of law and order, and the festival Thesmophoria.
brine	In the neighbourhood are brine springs and a spa (Wilhelmsbad).
brioche	Serve the smoked haddock gratins with the toasted brioche.
briquette	The various methods will be considered first for the trapezette, the extensions to the briquette being only treated briefly.
bristly	It has two horns and a bristly coat.
bristle	Karen found a very nice bristle worm - about 10 cms long - on top of a rock.
briskly	He turned and walked briskly back to the market.
brisk	Alex followed her with brisk steps.
britannic	Bergne reported on the 27th of July 1907 to Sir Edward Grey that The permanent session had met in special session on the 25th of July, to consider the suggestion of His Britannic Majesty's government to the effect that, if Great Britain could be relieved from the obligation to enforce the penal provisions of the convention, they would be prepared not to give notice on the 1st of September next of their intention to withdraw on the 1st of September 1908 a notice which they would otherwise feel bound to give at the appointed time ; and he added that At this meeting, a very general desire was expressed that, in these circumstances, arrangements should, if possible, be made which would permit Great Britain to remain a party to the Sugar Convention.
britannia	His great work, Britannia Romana, or the Roman Antiquities of Britain (London, 1732), one of the scarcest and most valuable of its class, contains the result of patient labour.
brittleness	The crystalline structure which exists on both sides becomes visible only in the metals of the first class, and only there manifests itself as brittleness.
broadcast	The seed is then sown broadcast as in the case of flax.
briton	Rachael finished behind Germany's Susanne Hirt with fellow Briton Heather Corrie placed eleventh.
broach	So far, she hadn't found a way to broach the subject with Brandon.
brittle	The book's ancient pages were so brittle, he feared they would crumble before he finished.
british	They took him to the British camp.
broadcloth	Most of their cotton knit nightshirts are solid-color pullover styles, while nightshirts made from fabrics like cotton, broadcloth or seersucker feature two or three button placket fronts in a wide range of plaids, stripes, and colors.
broadening	It would require many a volume to tell of what they have done for civilization, freedom, the exploration of unknown regions, the bringing to light of ancient literatures, the founding of the science of comparative religion, the broadening of the horizon of Christian thought in the homelands, and the bringing of distant peoples into the brotherhood of nations.
broadcasting	He was a passionate believer in regional broadcasting.
broaden	I'm pushing you to broaden your perspective.
broadcaster	Channel 4 is the only terrestrial broadcaster to have received no support - yet.
broadband	The nursery also uses interactive whiteboard technology and has broadband access to the internet.
broadly	He smiled broadly and winked.
broadleaf	Also, if you apply herbicide to kill broadleaf weeds, that should be done in October.
broad	The old man looked up with a broad smile.
broadish	The crocus succeeds in any fairly good garden soil, and is usually planted near the edges of beds or borders in the flower garden, or in broadish patches at intervals along the mixed borders.
broadness	That the length and broadness of their tail feathers is similar to the Australian black cockatoos Calyptorhynchus.
broadsheet	The man in the frieze coat was reading the broadsheet of August 31.
broadside	Both sides claimed that the other fired the first broadside.
brochure	For example, a copywriter would be hired to write the brochure that entices the reader to buy a car while the technical writer would be hired to write the owner's manual that explains how to use all of the car's fancy features.
britain	This was fine with Great Britain but not with Maine.
broadsword	Our older boys will demonstrate their daily training at the pell using a broadsword.
brocade	And now I see a woman in a dress of white brocade.
broch	Burra is a contraction of Bo?gar-oy, meaning Broch island.
brogue	Don't be fooled by his unkempt appearance, benign expression and softly spoken Irish brogue.
brochette	I followed with Fish kebab (£ 10.95) - a bumper grilled brochette of tuna, dab, rockfish and turbot.
brock	Miss Brock came from Monxton where her family had a saddler 's business.
broiler	She turned on the broiler and buttered some bread.
broker	This experience entitled me to be regarded as a sort of real-estate broker by my friends.
broccoli	Carmen reached into the bag and pulled out a head of broccoli, avoiding his gaze.
brokerage	If someone brings you up to speed on what to know about stock buying and you feel confident about venturing out on your own, use an online brokerage firm (online firms save you money, as you do most of the buying and selling work yourself).
broil	Broil for about two minutes - until the eggs set on top and the cheese is melted.
brolly	Be out, be proud, bring a brolly.
bromate	Barium bromate, Ba(Br03)2, can be prepared by the action of excess of bromine on barytawater, or by decomposing a boiling aqueous solution of loo parts of potassium bromate with a similar solution of 74 parts of crystallized barium chloride.
bromic	No oxides of bromine have as yet been isolated, but three oxy-acids are known, namely hypobromous acid, HBrO, bromous acid, HBr02, and bromic acid, HBrO 3.
bromide	Both the iodide and bromide are used in photography.
bronchi	Inner and outer membranes may exist on the bronchi.
bronchitis	Its value in the early stages of a bronchitis or tracheitis is due to the ammonia.
bronchial	They are said to diminish the secretion of the bronchial mucous membrane.
broke	A voice broke into their lovemaking.
bronchopneumonia	Sections of the lung away from the tumor site showed patchy bronchopneumonia with evidence of edema.
broken	They had broken the rules.
bronchoscope	Bronchoscopy-A procedure in which a hollow tube (bronchoscope) is inserted into the airway to allow visual examination of the larynx, trachea, bronchi, and bronchioles.
bronchoscopy	Bronchoscopy A tube called a bronchoscope is put into the airway and, using an eyepiece, the doctor can see into the airways.
bronchus	The left main bronchus is more horizontal then the right.
bromine	From these results Baeyer concluded that Claus' formula with three para-linkings cannot possibly be correct, for the Q2.5 dihydroterephthalic acid undoubtedly has two ethylene linkages, since it readily takes up two or four atoms of bromine, and is oxidized in warm aqueous solution by alkaline potassium permanganate.
bronzer	Oval face Blend bronzer onto your cheek hollows and highlight the cheekbones near your eyes.
bronco	There are many other styles of belt buckles for anyone who's never set foot on a bucking bronco.
brook	On this matter Philip would brook no opposition.
bronzy	At an open spot next to the lek Otte tried to attract bronzy jacamar by playing back his call.
brood	Fear seemed to brood over the peoples of Western Europe.
brooch	In many other cases, however, the grave contained nothing except a small knife and a simple brooch or a few beads.
broom	Do you have a broom or dust mop?
broody	Episode 4 (27 SEP 76) Baby Talk Mildred has become very broody.
brothel	He wants Claire and probably has a private brothel in town.
broth	On an islet in the lake stands a ruined broth or round tower.
brotherhood	It seemed to me that his object in entering the Brotherhood was merely to be intimate and in favor with members of our lodge.
brought	I brought you something to eat.
bronze	She wore a flowing, diaphanous gown and had long, wavy, bronze colored hair.
bros	It's anything but a traditional fighting game, but Super Smash Bros.
browbeat	He browbeat the judges on the bench, and kept many persons under arrest for indefinite periods without a trial.
brouhaha	At the time, the sign displayed by Mr. Hammond created a brouhaha, with a group of 40 people gathering around him.
brotherly	Andre pressed with brotherly concern in his voice.
browbeaten	The client and their lawyers who were so browbeaten and bullied managed to resist succumbing to such pressure.
brougham	To the original members were afterwards added several remarkable persons, amongst whom were Josiah Wedgwood, Bennet Langton (Dr Johnson's friend), and, later, Zachary Macaulay, Henry Brougham and James Stephen.
brownie	To round it off I had the most amazing chocolate pecan brownie with vanilla ice-cream.
brother	She remembered her brother and his love.
brownstone	Brownstone quarried in the vicinity is also an important export.
browning	Elizabeth Barrett Browning wrote sonnets to the large-brained woman and large-hearted man, self-named George Sand.
brow	She narrowed her brow at him.
brownish	Black bears have occasionally very black coats, but the majority have a brownish underwool.
brucine	Fraser proved that by substitution of molecules in certain compounds a stimulant could be converted into a sedative action; thus by the addition of the methyl group CH 2 to the molecule of strychnine, thebaine or brucine, the tetanizing action of these drugs is converted into a paralysing action.
brucellosis	Other topics covered include bioterrorism, sexually transmitted diseases, brucellosis, systemic mycoses, immunizations, and antimicrobials.
bruin	And we'll take Bruin with us.
brown	He met Bianca's beautiful brown eyes.
bruiser	Reputed to be the largest lava lamp in the world this big bruiser of a lava lamp stands at over 2ft tall.
brunch	We'll have brunch Saturday.
bruise	She had a scab on her forehead over her left eye and a bruise on her cheek.
brunette	In every brunette she saw Angela and Mom.
brush	Something moved in the brush not far away and she froze.
brunt	What was left took the brunt of the pain.
brushwork	His work in black-and-white, his admirable illustrations in brushwork of Edinburgh and its neighbourhood, and also his pen-drawings, about which it has been declared that his work contains all the subtleties and refinements of a most delicate etching, must also be noted.
brushwood	The ruins are now thickly overgrown with brushwood; but the walls, nearly 2 m.
brusque	He was brusque and candid, two traits she hadn't yet gotten used to.
brut	This conformity allows you to purchase a sparkling wine made anywhere in the world and know its sugar level if it says Brut on the label.
brutality	Husband and wife quarrelled with the brutality of the age and came to open war.
brutally	These were more or less forcibly absorbed or brutally expelled.
brutish	He was that way with everyone he encountered, brutish.
browser	You could spend a lot of time making your file look perfect using your current browser.
browse	In fact, he had repeatedly encouraged her to browse his financial records.
brute	Brute force usually won any battle he fought.
brutal	Who is that intemperate and brutal man whom we would redeem?
bryophyte	The whole site is biologically rich, with many woodland plant communities represented and rich bryophyte and lichen assemblages.
bs	If the observer be stationary at B, the star will appear in the direction BS; if, however, he traverses the distance BA in the same time as light passes from the star to his eye, the star will A B appear in the direction AS.
bryony	Alston's observations were founded on what occurred in certain unisexual plants, such as Mercurialis, Spinach, Hemp, Hop and Bryony.
bruxism	For most people who have sleep bruxism, it is not obvious until other problems develop.
bst	Ray Lashley, Bristol, UK PAPER MONITOR TUESDAY 27 JUNE 1030 BST A service highlighting the riches of the daily press.
btu	In addition to the bunk system and the optional 20,000 BTU furnace, it also has the following additional features.
bsc	Dr. Ward holds a BSc and a PhD in microbial biochemistry from the University of Bath.
btw	I hope you are still a happy bunny btw!
bse	Only the dangerously complacent or naïve could assume that we have safely put the BSE crisis behind us.
buck	If you were looking for a place to stay and save a buck, you'd have found it.
bubo	There is the interesting white-necked guineafowl, Agelastes (which is found on the Gold Coast and elsewhere west of the lower Niger); there is one peculiar species of eagle owl (Bubo lettii) and a very handsome sparrow-hawk (Accipiter bitttikoferi); a few sun-birds, warblers and shrikes are peculiar to the region.
buccaneer	The lad was a born champion and buccaneer.
buccinator	It was in Herbert Spencer, the triumphant buccinator novi temporis, that the advocates of evolutionary ethics found.
bubbly	Felipa was her usual bubbly self.
buccal	A buccal cavity, a pharynx, an oesophagus and an intestine are always distinguishable.
bubble	She felt panic bubble and tears sting her eyes once again.
bucked	The door bucked but held.
buckling	Lankha was nearly buckling under the weight of Toby.
bucking	Jenn cried out, her body bucking from waves of agony.
buckeye	Drop Head buckeye coupling A buckeye coupling that can be lowered to reveal a standard hook for a screw or three link type coupling.
bucket	What's on your bucket list?
buckskin	Lisa asked, as she gazed at the beautiful buckskin gelding.
buckler	The ornaments and furniture were of the most costly kind; the king's bow and buckler were of gold; his very whip intertwined with gold; the queen had golden diadems, necklace and breast-jewels, and at her feet lay a golden vase.
buckle	As he slid away, his belt buckle gouged into her stomach and she cried out in pain.
bucolic	He drank in the sights and sounds of the bucolic world around him and for the first time in days felt relaxed.
buckram	This box is covered in moisture resistant black library buckram.
buckshot	The conflict has been called the Buckshot War.
buckwheat	Buckwheat is cultivated mainly in Brittany.
budded	Everything had budded and blossomed.
buddhistic	Brahmanic pantheism and Buddhistic nihilism alike teach the unreality of the seeming world, and preach mystical absorption as the highest goal; in both, the sense of the worth of human personality is lost.
budge	He sensed she wasn't going to budge this time and relented.
budgerigar	I found him in bed with a little green budgerigar sitting on his head!
buddhism	Like most of the invaders of India at this period they adopted Buddhism, at least partially.
budgetary	The budgetary process results in funding bids being assessed against priorities, with many not being accepted.
buddy	Hi buddy, I miss you too.
buddhist	During the Buddhist period Muttra became a centre of the new faith.
buddha	Both he and his brother Ananda, who were considerably younger than the Buddha, joined the brotherhood in the twentieth year of the Buddha's ministry.
bud	Each bud produced FIG.
buffet	At lunch, order off the menu or sample the buffet.
budding	Everything was budding and blossoming.
buffering	He was far enough away from the Sanctuary's fortress not to cause a threat to those there, so long as the two people buffering him stayed close.
buffer	Maybe it provided a buffer zone to protect the mind.
budget	The bike was a trophy from a time when Dean's budget contained more expendable income.
buff	He was muscular and buff beneath the trench.
buffalo	When they stepped outside, the buffalo were grazing near the pond.
buffoon	He has a keen sense of humor without becoming a buffoon.
buffoonery	Between the lessons the ass was solemnly fed, and at the conclusion of the service was led by the precentor out into the square before the church (conductus ad ludos); water was poured on the precentor's head, and the ass became the centre of burlesque ceremonies, dancing and buffoonery being carried on far into the night, while the clergy and the serious-minded retired to matins and bed.
bugbear	He was the hero of the one side, just as he was the bugbear of the other.
build	He paused, to build the suspense.
bugger	Their policy seems to consist entirely of sitting on their fat backsides doing absolutely bugger all in response to enquiries from prospective customers.
building	I left the building for home.
bugging	This is really bugging me.
bugler	Taps will be played, either by a bugler attending the funeral service or from an audio recording.
bugle	Is that a distant bugle I hear?
bug	A bug crawled across her leg, and she swiped it away.
buggy	The guests arrived at the prescheduled time for the buggy ride.
bulbar	Examination of the cerebellum by the method of Wallerian degeneration has shown that a large number of spinal and bulbar nerve cells send branches up into it.
bulbous	Bulbous plants are also very numerous.
built	He built a house of some sticks and vines.
bulging	These patients may also have bulging eyes.
builder	He was the builder of a famous and beautiful city called Bagdad.
bulge	Try icing your knee so that the bulge will go down.
bulimic	If you think you may be anorexic or bulimic, ask your parents to make an appointment with a doctor or therapist.
bulky	The fur is too long and bulky for linings.
bulgarian	By the death of Harun in 809, Nicephorus was left free to deal with the Bulgarian king, Krum, who was harassing his northern frontiers.
bulkhead	Most basements have awkward wall space under the staircase or near the bulkhead exit.
bulimia	The University of Michigan Health System has created an eating disorders page aimed at parents, with a basic overview of anorexia and bulimia, signs of an eating disorder, and links to relevant articles.
bulb	When the light bulb was cheaper and better, we ditched kerosene.
bulkiness	To reduce bulkiness where the unit folds in half, use straight scissors to remove a piece of paper about one inch long from the inside pleat.
bulla	The bulla was a circular gold locket containing a charm of some kind against evil.'
bulldoze	Multiplayer 1. You can now bulldoze in multiplayer games.
bulldozer	One themed desk is designed to look like a bulldozer; another is modeled after picket fences.
bulldog	My family is considering buying a Bulldog.
bulletproof	I can fly recon, but I'm not bulletproof, so if I'm spotted I get shot at.
bullfight	The best preserved painting shows a scene from a bullfight.
bullfinch	I was able to photograph the male bullfinch from the same window.
bullfrog	He looked inside and started through then we heard a big old bullfrog that started a racket.
bullhead	Bullhead
bulletin	I agreed to search while he'd put out an all-points bulletin on the vehicle Howie was driving.
bullion	At present all gold bullion brought to the Mint is weighed and portions are cut off for assay.
bull	A mature bull weighs over a ton and can be six feet or more at the hump.
bullshit	Bullshit. You gave up everything for her.
bullet	A bullet had pierced his skull.
bullous	The most consistent clinical feature of porphyria cutanea tarda is bullous dermatosis on exposure to sunlight.
bullish	In general, Nicolas is very bullish about the future.
bullnose	Use the dark tile as bullnose at the edges, just above the counter and below the cabinets.
bullock	According to early writers the framework was covered with horse or bullock hide (corium).
bulk	The bulk of the land was still farmed.
bulwark	He held fast by the Triple Alliance, for he saw in this the surest bulwark of peace.
bum	Your mother's had a bum day.
bulrush	Reedmace (used to be called bulrush) is a good example.
bumble	This site has a full range of animal clocks from pigs to bumble bees.
bumf	For example, the everyday contract Please build my new school covers 10 pages of contractual bumf.
bumbling	All bumbling conjurers, clumsy squires, no-talent bards, and cowardly thieves in the land will be pre-emptively put to death.
bummer	The real bummer is most of us won't see the slopes again for another year.
bully	The bully will now be more inclined to leave the kid alone.
bumper	The bar is fully stocked and offers specialty drinks such as the cruzan mojito and the bumper crop.
bun	Her pink hair was up in a bun that revealed the delicate cut of her elfin features.
bumpkin	She was the country bumpkin, not him.
bunch	Mom took us shopping today and got a bunch of stuff.
bump	There was a gentle bump as they landed.
bumpy	Janet and Ouray were but a stop on the bumpy road to nowhere.
bungalow	She grew edgy as they passed the town near the bungalow before pulling up the long driveway to the beach house.
bunching	Russians, with experience in beet-growing, and Japanese are furnished by the sugar company to the growers for the bunching, thinning, hoeing and topping of the beets.
bund	Oil drums must have a bund with a capacity of 25 per cent of the total amount.
bundled	There, at the top, in tightly bundled robe and, yes, a Mother Goose stocking cap, stood Claire Quincy!
bung	Holding the measuring cylinder over a tray or beaker, lightly insert the rubber bung.
bunkum	The 'pleasure principle ' advocated above is sheer bunkum.
bunker	This is a bunker city.
bunt	Hic Bunt poetae Pacuvi Marci sita Ossa.
bundle	He was a bundle of nerves.
bunk	If I tell you we'll be bunk mates.
bunion	Yoga Toes and bunion sufferers, especially people with mild cases, may be a good match.
buoy	The yellow buoy can be seen in the center of the picture.
bunter	Flanking the hills between Ashbourne and Quarndon are red beds of Bunter marl, sandstone and conglomerate; they also appear at Morley, east of the Derwent, and again round the small southern coalfield.
bunting	Canvas or bunting screens are most effectual.
bunny	Don't wait up for the Easter Bunny for that one.
bur	The south-western shore is generally low, with sand hills covered with shrivelled pines and bur oaks.
burble	Lovely deep burble at low revs without being too loud.
buoyancy	The drill is thus allowed to fall freely, instead of being partly upheld by the buoyancy of the water, as in earlier wells.
burden	You don't carry this burden alone.
buoyant	From youth to age he describes himself as gifted with a buoyant temper.
bureau	Cynthia was standing at her bureau for a last minute comb of her hair.
burdensome	This arrangement proving financially burdensome the islands were in 1873 definitely annexed to Jamaica.
burbot	The American burbot (Lota maculosa) is coarser, and not favoured for the table.
bureaucrat	He was known as a capable and energetic bureaucrat and as nothing else.
burdock	Burdock Root (Arctium lappa) is a type of thistle and is grown worldwide.
bureaucracy	These honorary justices are mainly recruited from the ranks of the higher bureaucracy and the army.
bureaucratic	The large amount of self-administration has prevented an undue increase of bureaucratic power.
burgee	I will certainly be ordering a burgee and will get some pics to you as I progress.
burglar	You install a burglar alarm to protect your house.
burette	A standardized solution of ammonium molybdate is then added from a burette.
burg	He had no sooner learnt of the raid in Cape Town than he issued a proclamation through - Sir Jacobus de Wet, the British resident at Pretoria, burg.
burgess	By a statute of 1535 Brecon was made the county town of the new shire of Brecknock, and was granted the right of electing one burgess to represent it in parliament, a right which it retained till it was merged in the county representation in 1885.
bureaux	He selects for himself a staff of civilians (the cab-met du ministre), which is divided into bureaux for the despatch of business.
burglary	Bobby was assigned to the pending burglary case and Dean had made the arrest.
burgage	On the 9th of June 1405 Chicheley was admitted, in succession to his father, to a burgage in Higham Ferrers.
buried	He buried his mother today.
burgher	Yet they continued to multiply, and exercised at times considerable influence; though they had few supporters among the baronage, yet among the lesser gentry and still more among the burgher class and in the universities they were strong.
burgh	Galashiels was created into a burgh of barony in 1599.
burin	The artists tool, be it brush or burin.
burgomaster	In 1650 he became burgomaster of Dort and member of the states of Holland and West Friesland.
burka	Out of doors Mahommedan women wear the burka, a long loose white garment entirely covering the head and body.
burlap	At a more informal or rustic wedding, chairs can be covered in burlap sacks and tied with raffia.
burlesque	A limerick is a kind of burlesque epigram, written in five lines.
burl	A log home nestled in the Rocky mountains of Colorado might have living room furniture made out of rustic, gnarled, burl wood.
burly	The burly man grunted in response.
burn	It looks like it's starting to burn good.
burman	As rice has to be transplanted as well as sown and irrigated, it needs a considerable amount of labour expended on it; and the Burman has the reputation of being a somewhat indolent cultivator.
burke	With Cromwell as with Burke the question was whether the spirit of the people of this nation is prepared to go along with it.
burial	He deserves a burial of some sort.
burnout	You will also be taught how to keep your balance to prevent burnout!
burmese	Burmite is the name under which the Burmese amber is now described.
burner	Then he lit the pilot light and set the coffeepot over a burner again.
burp	If you swallow a burp does it turn into a fart?
burr	In 1796 he began the study of law, completing his preparation in 1802 at New York, where he studied under William Peter Van Ness (1778-1826), an eminent lawyer and later Aaron Burr's second in the duel with Alexander Hamilton.
bursa	In all these cases the female duct bears a bursa copulatrix or receptaculum seminis.
burrow	They burrow among tall grass.
burning	His eyes were like burning balls of fire.
bursary	In 1845 the boy, who had been a herd on the farm, went for six months to the grammar school at Aberdeen and was there prepared for a university bursary, which was sufficient to pay his fees, but no more.
bursar	Jill Faye, the school's bursar is extremely pleased with the end result.
bury	I know he'll bury any tip that comes near him!
bus	We took the bus to Kansas.
burnt	The town was half burnt down in 1902.
bursting	And bursting into tears she hid her face in her handkerchief and rushed from the room.
burgundy	Burgundy (uniting the Yonne and Saflne) -.
bush	You don't beat around the bush, do you, Ethel?
burthen	But there, all novels are a heavy burthen while they are doing, and a sensible disappointment when they are done.
busby	He was educated at the school which he afterwards superintended for so long a period, and first signalized himself by gaining a king's scholarship. From Westminster Busby proceeded to Christ Church, Oxford, where he graduated in 1628.
burst	Tammy burst through the door and saw Lisa sitting on the counter.
busily	The two boys were there, busily working with hammer and saw.
bushel	When chestnuts were ripe I laid up half a bushel for winter.
burton	There must be many more like Timothy Burton.
bushman	Here it bends south again, and with many a zigzag continues its general westerly direction, crossing the arid plains of Bechuana, Bushman and Namaqualands.
bushy	The tail is bushy, but tapering at the end.
busk	In the so-called Selenariidae, probably an unnatural association of genera which have assumed a free discoidal form of zoarium, they may reach a very high degree of development, but Busk's suggestion that in this group they may be subservient to locomotion needs verification.
businessman	That's the businessman in me talking, not your father.
bust	Maybe the rope didn't bust loose until he was part way.
buss	It's a common thirds for smaller groups kaplan Jerry buss has been voted.
businesswoman	This website was set up in August 1999, in conjunction with a local businesswoman based in Sandy.
bustard	The heaviest bird to fly is the kori bustard which can weigh as much as 18kg.
but	She objected at first, but finally submitted.
busty	Gorgeous Indian babe Reshma is a rare gem, a sexy, busty Indian babe that is as hot and sexy, busty Indian babe that is as hot and sexy as can be.
bustle	From the twenty-eighth till the thirty-first all Moscow was in a bustle and commotion.
busyness	Many seniors find it difficult to go from the workday grind to the retirement phase, which is often uneventful and even boring for those who thrived on busyness.
buster	Buying the name brand is sometimes not a necessity for other items, but in this case, it's in your best interest to stick with Dust Buster brand products.Not all Dust Buster filters are the same size.
butane	The De'Longhi Quattro Plus model is priced at RRP £ 79.95 and fuelled by either a 7kg or 15kg cylinder of Calor gas butane.
business	I mean, I could still have my business in town.
butter	It's peanut butter and jelly.
butch	The band were asked to re-record the album with producer of Nirvana's famous Nevermind album Butch Vig, in order to appeal to the American market, but Blur refused.
butcher	His father, James Foe, was a butcher and a citizen of London.
buttercup	The floral arrangement thus recalls that of a buttercup, a resemblance which extends to the fruit, which is a head of achenes or follicles.
butte	The Butte, Anaconda & Pacific railway carries ore from the mines at Butte to the smelters at Anaconda.
butchery	The equid bones will be measured and examined for traces of human butchery under a low power binocular microscope.
butterscotch	The support from his fans, peers and family, as well as his work on current projects prove that while this Butterscotch Stallion may have been down for awhile, no one can count him out just yet.
butt	She trailed him up the stairs, taking in every inch of his perfectly round butt to his slender hips and thick back.
button	Toby held the elevator for her and pressed the button for all twenty floors.
buttermilk	Buttermilk and cheeses have less lactose than milk.
buttery	She reached forward for a croissant and bit into it, almost groaning at the buttery, flaky, airy bread.
butler	A butler took her coat.
busy	It's a large and busy hotel.
buttonhole	From a simple rose buttonhole to a grand floral marquee.
butting	The two ladies, who already had a past history of butting heads, exchanged words - then Stevens, a former Atlanta Falcons cheerleader, walked away.
buttock	Kim Kardashian, most notable for her role in a sex tape with her boyfriend Ray-J, has been rumored to have buttock implants, however some in the plastic surgery community argue that her ample asset may just be a case of genetics.
butterfly	The abdomen under the wings of the butterfly still represents the larva.
buy	I decided to buy it.
buttress	The Kasteel-Berg (Castle Mount), a northern buttress of the mountain, has its own peculiar flora.
buxom	Her weight fluctuated over the years and rumor has it she got as low as a size eight, but her size 16, curvy, buxom period coincided with the time of her greatest fame.
butyl	Considering derivatives primarily concerned with transformations of the hydroxyl group, we may regard our typical acid as a fusion of a radical R CO - (named acetyl, propionyl, butyl, &c., generally according to the name of the hydrocarbon containing the same number of carbon atoms) and a hydroxyl group. By replacing the hydroxyl group by a halogen, acid-haloids result; by the elimination of the elements of water between two molecules, acid-anhydrides, which may be oxidized to acid-peroxides; by replacing the hydroxyl group by the group. SH, thio-acids; by replacing it by the amino group, acid-amides (q.v.); by replacing it by the group - NH NH2, acid-hydrazides.
butyrate	Calcium citrate must be manufactured with care to avoid an excess of chalk or lime, which would precipitate constituents of the juice that cause the fermentation of the citrate and the production of calcium acetate and butyrate.
butyric	Thus in cows' butter, tributyrin, C 3 H 5 (O C 4 H 7 0) 3, and the analogous glycerides of other readily volatile acids closely resembling butyric acid, are present in small quantity; the production of these acids on saponification and distillation with dilute sulphuric acid is utilized as a test of a purity of butter as sold.
by	I guess he was stunned by my beauty.
bye	He'd already said good bye to all of them earlier.
buzzard	The longlegged buzzard is found throughout Egypt, as are owls.
buzzer	And in the final stages of landing, you may hear a buzzer sounding.
buzzword	The term interactivity became a real buzzword in the last couple of years.
bygone	It was Moses Mendelssohn's German translation of the Pentateuch (1 7 80 - 1 793) which marked the new spirit, while the views of his opponents belong to a bygone age.
byline	This gives the byline a different look than the rest of the text.
buzz	The buzz didn't bother you?
bypass	It was designed to be adversary propaganda and to bypass censorship.
byronic	La Chute d'un ange, in which the Byronic influence is more obvious than in any other of Lamartine's works, and in which some have also seen that of Alfred de Vigny, is more ambitious in theme, and less regulated by scrupulous conditions of delicacy in handling, than most of its author's poetry.
buyer	A buyer had to convince himself of the seller's title.
byre	This is the North end of the double byre, now a single byre turned tractor shed.
byte	The value of the byte is an index for the 256 color pallette.
bystander	These symptoms may be more obvious to the bystander.
byword	Unfortunately, however, the confusion engendered by a defective organization has long been a byword among the people; there is no printed catalogue, quantities of books are buried in packingcases and unavailable, the collection of foreign books is very poor, hardly any new works being purchased, and the building itself is quite inadequate and far from safe; but the site of a new one has now been purchased and the plans are agreed upon, so that eventually the whole collection will be transferred to more suitable quarters.
cabal	In 1671 the Cabal was in power.
byway	He didn't even mind the caravan of slow moving campers and motor homes that crawled along the summer byway, frequently stopping for photos of the majestic scenery before them.
caa	The airEXODUS evacuation model has been under development since 1989 with support from the UK CAA and the aviation industry.
cabalistic	In addition to the word Abraxas and other mystical characters, they have often cabalistic figures engraved on them.
cabbage	Potatoes, cabbage and lettuce are much grown for the early Northern markets.
cabana	Actual men's shirt and short swim sets – also called cabana sets - made their debut during the postwar period, when leisure was taken far more seriously, and more and more men could afford beach and cruise holidays.
cab	He would cab to the airport in the morning and return to California.
cabaret	Dance troupes, magicians, card trick artists, cabaret acts, and comedians all grace the lounges.
ca	I just can't believe it.
caballero	However, retailers such as Bullet Blocker and Miguel Caballero have a lot of stylish clothing that also offers significant protection.
c	Or, we gravitate toward anecdotes like, I take my vitamin C every day and haven't had a cold in year.
cabin	I have a cabin near Jonny's.
cabinet	The president of the Republic has a military household, and the minister a cabinet, both of which are occupied chiefly with questions of promotion, patronage and decorations.
cabman	Morris paid the cabman, who touched his hat and drove away.
cabochon	It contains 1300 great pearls, 400 garnets, 90 amethysts, 300 sapphires, 300 emeralds, 15 rubies, 75 balas rubies, 4 topazes, 2 cameos; the gems, except where they have been replaced, are cut en cabochon.
cabriolet	Soon there will be the most desirable new 3 Series of all, the coupe cabriolet.
caboose	Kids can have an imaginary train ride on the Red Caboose or serve pretend tea at the Victorian Playhouse.
byzantine	In 456 it was seized by Genseric. It was retaken Byzantine period.
cabriole	Cabochon A carved ornament used on furniture of the mid-18th century, especially on the knees of cabriole chair legs.
cache	Then, delete your e-mail and clean out your web cache.
cacao	The cacao tree is not cultivated, but grows wild in great abundance.
cable	He used to make a cable for his anchor of strips of hickory bark tied together.
cackle	He has stopped Austria's cackle and I fear it will be our turn next.
cachet	He incurred great unpopularity by his abuse of lettres de cachet, and had to resign in 1775.
cacique	The office of curaca or cacique was made hereditary, and its possessor enjoyed several privileges.
cacti	Palms are common, the chestnut abounds in many places, the cacti are almost as numerous as on the open plateau.
cacophony	A cacophony of bleats, chomping and scuffling of hooves drowned out her words.
cad	Josh the cad got sweet young Edith pregnant and skipped.
cadastral	A cadastral survey for purposes of taxation was already at work in Babylonia in the age of Sargon of Akkad, 3800 B.C. In the British Museum may be seen a series of clay tablets, circular in shape and dating back to 2300 or 2100 B.C., which contain surveys of lands.
cadaver	It was like the first time I saw a cadaver.
cactus	The cactus is unquestionably the characteristic plant of Mexico.
caddie	Players that want to use a caddie will make an extra donation to the ground fund.
caddy	During her degree, she took a year off to work as a golf caddy in Japan.
cadence	The horse's breath made puffs of steam as she trotted along the road to the cadence of tinkling bells.
caddo	Natural gas is found in Caddo parish, about 20 m.
cadenza	He's going to play the glockenspiel cadenza too!
cadetship	In 1783 he obtained a cadetship in a French regiment at Strassburg.
cadette	Girl Scouts are divided into five levels - Daisy, Brownie, Junior, Cadette and Senior.
cadre	The personnel consists of a cadre, reserve and about 17,000 conscripts.
cadet	The cadet was Rostov.
caduceus	Her attributes are the caduceus and a vase.
cadi	The founder of the house was Abd-ul-Qasim Mahommed, the cadi of Seville in 1023.
cadmium	Cadmium hydroxide, Cd(OH) 2, is obtained as a white precipitate by adding potassium hydroxide to a solution of any soluble cadmium salt.
caecal	The stomach is beset throughout its length with numerous small, finger-like caecal tubes.
caecum	The stomach is simple, and there is no caecum to the intestine, although this is present in the opossums.
caesura	The meter is basically iambic pentameter with variations, and incorporating a number of breaks within the line (caesura ).
caesarean	This was also called the Caesarean Indiction.
caeca	The intestine has a pair of caeca or two or three pairs (but all lie in one segment) in the genus Pheretima and in one species of Rhinodrilus.
caesium	The separation of caesium from the minerals which contain it is an exceedingly difficult and laborious process.
cage	Rhyn had bent his cage again.
cagey	He was too cagey for her to understand what he felt.
caffeinated	The same thing, I smoked after eating food, drinking alcoholic beverages, drinking coffee, drinking soft drinks and especially drinking highly caffeinated colas.
cafeteria	He went to a dark corner in the cafeteria to wait.
cafe	He hopped into the car, directing her to the small Cafe a few miles down the road.
caftan	Caftan and long, loose styles are popular choices for lounging comfort.
caesar	The oak in turn has been almost superseded in Denmark by the beech, which, if we may trust Julius Caesar, had not reached Britain in his time, though it existed there in the pre-glacial period, but is not native in either Scotland or Ireland.
cahoots	For some reason he blames me—like you and I are in cahoots to get him.
cahier	Father Cahier would even trace the book to Tatian, and it is true that that heresiarch mentions a writing of his own upon animals.
caiman	In Central and South America alligators are represented by five species of the genus Caiman, which differs from Alligator by the absence of a bony septum between the nostrils, and the ventral armour is composed of overlapping bony scutes, each of which is formed of two parts united by a suture.
caffeine	The chief of these are coffee or caffeine and atropine.
cain	They believed that Cain derived his existence from the superior power, and Abel from the inferior power, and that in this respect he was the first of a line which included Esau, Korah, the Sodomites and Judas Iscariot.
cajole	You can easily cajole a small child with candies or toys.
caisson	When all was stable the LISA A lifted the caisson off the Barge allowing it to return to its berth.
cairn	A cairn was built on the top in 1887 to commemorate Queen Victoria's jubilee.
cake	It's about cake decorating.
cajolery	But to this neither cajolery nor threats could move him.
cakewalk	Gabriel's one percent was a cakewalk compared to this.
cal	Again, the equation [2N, 0] =-18500 cal.
calamitous	The year 1828 was a calamitous one for Brazil.
calabar	Before long a commencement was made of the missions to the delta of the Niger, and between 1866 and 1884 congregations of Christians were formed at Bonny, Brass and New Calabar, but the progress made was slow and subject to many impediments.
calabash	The Jamaica or calabash nutmeg is derived from Monodora Myristica, the Brazilian from Cryptocarya moschata, the Peruvian from Laurelia sempervirens, the Madagascar or clove nutmeg from Agathophyllum aromaticum, and the Californian or stinking nutmeg from Torreya Myristica.
calamine	Rich antimony and calamine mines are worked by a French undertaking, and good marble is quarried by an Italian company.
calcaneus	Collimate around the sides of the limb and include the whole calcaneus, the distal tibia and the proximal metatarsus.
calamity	Public calamity was added to private bereavement.
calamus	The most striking trees in the forest region are, in the basin of the Cavalla, the giant Funtumia elastica, which grows to an altitude of 200 ft.; various kinds of Parinarium, Oldfieldia and Khaya; the bombax or cotton tree, giant dracaenas, many kinds of fig; Borassus palms, oil palms, the climbing Calamus palms, and on the coast the coconut.
calcaneum	According to his observations, in the Egyptian wild cat the pads of the toes are wholly black, while the black extends back either continuously or in long stripes as far as the calcaneum or heel-bone.
calcification	Calcification and calcareous deposits are extremely common in many pathological conditions.
calceolaria	Especially noteworthy are the Andine Acaena, Gunnera, Fuchsia and Calceolaria.
calcicole	Calcicole and Calcifuge Species.Plants which invariably inhabit calcareous soils are sometimes termed calcicoles; calcifuge species are those which are found rarely or never on such soils.
calcareous	In Clausilia, according to the observations of C. Gegenbaur, the primitive shell-sac does not flatten out and disappear, but takes the form of a flattened closed sac. Within this closed sac a plate of calcareous matter is developed, and after a time the upper wall of the sac disappears, and the calcareous plate continues to grow as the nucleus of the permanent shell.
calcium	The product is dissolved in water, and the calcium haloid estimated in the usual way.
calculate	She tried to calculate, and the blood pumped in her neck.
calcination	Metals on calcination gave calces from which the metals could.
calcite	Calcite of excellent quality is the commonest mineral.
calculable	We may not arrive at our port within a calculable period, but we would preserve the true course.
calculi	A primary issue with many cats, especially neutered males, is a problem with calculi in the urinary tract due to abnormal pH levels.
calculus	But no carefully devised calculus can take the place of insight, observation and experience.
calculation	Even from a distance it was obvious that his calculation was accurate.
caldera	The crater is the largest unbroken ancient caldera in the world.
caldron	Rictiovarus in disgust cast himself into the fire, or the caldron of boiling tar, from which they had emerged refreshed.
calendar	My calendar fills up quickly.
caledonian	High Blantyre and Blantyre Works are connected with Glasgow by the Caledonian railway.
calculating	His look was calculating and judging.
calefactory	Beneath the dormitory, looking out into the green court or herbarium, lies the pisalis or calefactory, the common room of the monks.
calculator	It's always easier to let a calculator do the work.
calender	You can also use the calender to view what events are coming up.
calibrated	The instrument can be calibrated by a continuous current.
calibrate	You can easily calibrate sensors without stopping the production line.
calf	Little calf does run and leap in field.
caliber	A family member recently sent in yet another multiple hit failure with a minor caliber pistol.
calibre	The arguments used in this discussion have been of very various calibre.
calibration	The fourth (yellow), is for touchscreen calibration.
calicle	The cavities both of the calices and coenenchymal tubes of Heliopora are closed below by horizontal partitions or tabulae, hence the genus was formerly included in the group Tabulata, and was supposed to belong to the madreporarian corals, both because of its lamellar skeleton, which resembles that of a Ma.drepore, and because each calicle has from twelve to fifteen radial partitions or septa projecting into its cavity.
calends	The number of days receiving their denomination from the Calends depended on the number of days in the month and the day on which the Ides fell.
calfskin	The book is bound in black calfskin with damaged lead covers.
calices	The changeability of colour may remind us of the calices versicolores which Hadrian sent to Servianus.
calif	Tour which airs and strong brand in universal city calif based on the.
calico	T Cloth is a plain grey calico, similar in kind to the Mexican and exported to the same markets.
calisthenics	If a machine isn't practical, you can add jump rope workouts or other calisthenics to your exercise plan.
calipers	Two 260 mm front disks with floating calipers are assisted by a powerful 240 mm rear disk.
call	He was going to call the doctor.
caller	The caller spoke in Spanish and Alex answered likewise.
calla	Lilies are a more formal choice for summer weddings, and calla lilies with long stems, wrapped and tied with a long silk ribbon are elegant and formal.
calligraphic	Of his own work few, if any, examples have reached us; and those attributed with more or less probability to his hand are all representations of Buddhist divinities, showing a somewhat formal and conventional design, with a masterly calligraphic touch and perfect harmony of coloring.
calligrapher	Hire a calligrapher to write out all of your place cards so they look like Cinderella's might have at the royal ball.
callable	When a bond is callable, it means the issuer can call back the bond and retire it prior to its scheduled maturity date.
callose	Cells of this type are often called trumpet-hyphae (though they have no connection with the hyphae of Fungi), and in some genera of Laminariaceae those at the periphery of the medulla simulate the sieve-tubes of the higher plants in a striking degree, even (like these latter) developing the peculiar substance callose on or in the perforated cross-walls or sieve-plates.
callousness	Tom watches this with an indifference that belongs not to enlightenment rationality, but to the callousness traditionally attributed to the fairy world.
callus	She'd buried them under the callus she'd grown around her emotions.
calm	Calm, she was able to focus.
calmly	I tried to think calmly and finally understood.
callow	They are not callow like the young of most birds, but more perfectly developed and precocious even than chickens.
calligraphy	The art teacher was proficient in the art of calligraphy.
callous	The man who stole from the poor was a callous thief.
caliph	The caliph, Al Mansur, lived nearly twelve hundred years ago.
calmness	You will feel a deep calmness after the 30-minute session.
calorically	Likewise, alcohol is slightly more calorically dense (seven calories per gram as in alcohol as opposed to four calories per gram in carbohydrates) than carbohydrates, so higher alcohol wines typically contain more calories.
calomel	Only stannous salts (not stannic) give a precipitate of calomel in mercuric chloride solution.
calorific	Coals vary much in calorific value, some producing only 12,000 B.Th.U.
calling	I missed my calling as a wise and successful detective!
caloric	In 1833 his caloric engine was made public. In 1836 he took out a patent for a screw-propeller, and though the priority of his invention could not be maintained, he was afterwards awarded a one-fifth share of the £20,000 given by the Admiralty for it.
calorimetric	To withstand the chemical action of the gases, the calorimetric bomb is lined either with platinum, as in Berthelot's apparatus, or with porcelain, as in Mahler's.
calumet	The civilized Brotherton and Stockbridge Indians live principally in Calumet county.
calorimeter	A calorimeter is any piece of apparatus in which heat is measured.
calorimetry	The third general method of calorimetry, that based on the transformation of some other kind of energy into the form of heat, rests on the general principle of the conservation of energy, and on the experimental fact that all other forms of energy are readily and completely convertible into the form of heat.
calumnious	The answer to all these calumnious innuendoes is to be found in documents and title-deeds of decisive authority, and is simple enough.
calumny	There is absolutely nothing to support the calumny, which has often been repeated since.
calvary	Adjacent to Schenley Park are Homewood and Calvary cemeteries; and adjacent to Highland Park is Allegheny cemetery.
calvados	Calvados the former was 904,000, as against 857,000 in the Cantal latter year, the diminution being acconipanied by Charente a decrease in the annual number of deaths.
calorie	Whole grain breads and low calorie selections are available.
calx	From the heating of native calcium sulphate and carbon is obtained calx sulphurata (U.S. and B.P.), or sulphurated lime, a greyish-white powder.
calving	Whales visit the coast for the purpose of calving.
calvinism	On the problem of divine election Lutheranism and Calvinism remained divided.
calves	Most of the losses are calves, though.
calyces	Large bright orange-red flowers emerge from conspicuous pale orange calyces from July to November.
camaraderie	It had a very positive impact that created great camaraderie among the team.
calvinist	Open-air conventicles were held in all parts of the provinces, and the fierce Calvinist preachers raised the religious excitement of their hearers to such aitch that it found vent in a furious outburst The lcono- P oasts.
calyculate	The theory has been vigorously opposed, notably by Semon (op. cit.), who saw in the holothurians a nearer approach to the ancestral form than was furnished by any calyculate echinoderm, and by the Sarasins, who derived the echinoids from the holothurians through forms with flexible tests (Echinothuridae, which, however, are now known to be specialized in this respect).
calypso	From the Caribbean we have the traditional calypso, soca and reggae - and the Steel Bands are amazing.
camber	The camber is a weighted arch at the center.
camarilla	Eupator (reigned 164-162), in whose name the kingdom was administered by a camarilla.
camcorder	This is what you should look for on your digital video camcorder.
cambial	New tangential walls arise in the cells which are the seat of cambial activity, and an initial layer of cells is established which cuts off tissue mother-cells on the inside and outside, alternately contributing to the xylem and to the phloem.
calyx	In his arrangement the last subdivision disappears, and the Dicotyledons fall into two groups, a larger containing those in which both calyx and corolla are present in the flower, and a smaller, Monochlamydeae, representing the Apetalae and Diclines Irregulares of Jussieu.
cambium	The activity of the new cambium is often associated with the stoppage of the original one.
cambric	And they were sort of cotton, cotton cambric.
camellia	An inferior variety of pear, for instance, may suddenly produce a shoot bearing fruit of superior quality; a beech tree, without obvious cause, a shoot with finely divided foliage; or a camellia an unwontedly fine flower.
camembert	Among the products are cotton fabrics and garments, beer, and Camembert and Brie cheeses.
camel	The camel is found in the northern regions bordering the Sahara.
cameraman	I was being filmed by a cameraman using official ORTF camera.
cameo	One might have expected to find YouTube making its cameo in the earlier communication section, but I deliberately moved it here.
cambrian	The breaking up of the old Archean foundation block began in Cambrian and Ordovician times.
campaign	If I'm going to be your campaign manager, leave the business to me.
camomile	Hair rinses and shampoos containing camomile have been popular for a long time.
campaigner	Last year's winner Step Quick and grand campaigner General Claremont enter the reckoning.
campanile	The fine campanile of the church is 246 ft.
came	Many years before you came here this Land was united under one Ruler, as it is now, and the Ruler's name was always 'Oz,' which means in our language 'Great and Good'; or, if the Ruler happened to be a woman, her name was always 'Ozma.'
camisole	She wore a camisole and shorts, her large breasts straining at the thin fabric between them.
campanula	Other prominent species are Campanula, Pyrethrum, aconite, Cephaelis, speedwell, Alchemilla sericea, Centaurea macrocephala, Primula grandis and a species of primrose.
camphor	Tea and camphor are the staple exports.
camera	Tell me there's a camera out there!
camping	Camping too close deprives the animals of their share.
camouflage	But she doesn't want to be seen today, perfect camouflage!
camper	How did they happen to remember one camper nearly three weeks ago?
campsite	The campsite was empty.
camp	They have a camp not far away.
can	I can take care of myself.
campy	A little campy, yes but tell me original Trek (or TNG for that matter) isn't.
canalization	Shortly below Kut-el-Amara all traces of ancient canalization on the east side vanish, and it would appear as though much of that region, now largely under water at flood time, constituted an inland sea.
canary	I have two tame pigeons and a tiny canary bird.
canard	Reay brings up the old canard about the total fuel cycle costs for nuclear energy.
campus	The atmosphere on campus was electric!
cancellous	Cancellous Bone Cancellous bone has large open spaces (marrow spaces) and plates of bone called trabeculae.
canadian	But first, I feel the urge to partake of Canadian hospitality.
cancerous	The application of an infusion of violet leaves was at one time believed to have the power of reducing the size of cancerous growths, but its use is now discredited.
cancel	Of course he wasn't going to cancel a business trip simply because she didn't want him to go.
canal	Four-story buildings had been built to the ceiling, flanking a narrow pathway and canal of water, siphoned from the Mississippi.
cancellation	Poor ratings during the last two seasons almost caused the show's cancellation.
candelabra	In the ordinary temples were candelabra, e.g.
candela	If you are new to this craft, a kit with all of your candle making supplies will make it easier for you to create the perfect candela.
candelabrum	The large bronze candelabrum in the left transept is said to be 13th century work.
candidature	He was accused of bribery during his candidature, and, in spite of Cicero's defence, was condemned.
candidly	We were hesitant to speak candidly in front of Molly.
candid	Randy hesitated, as if not sure how candid he should be.
candied	This liqueur is made of fine wine, brandy and candied sugar.
candidacy	No greater impetus than this could have been given to Van Buren's candidacy for the vice-presidency.
candlelight	The special thing is that the city is lit by candlelight only.
candlestick	He put the letter under the candlestick and closed his eyes.
candy	I found box of candy in Mr. Grave's pocket.
candlewick	Beware of waxed strings made of candlewick - unless you like your director to wax eloquent while shedding little light.
candor	You must treat this matter with great candor.
candour	His candour, enthusiasm and open tolerance of the opinions of others made him many warm friends and many fierce enemies.
candidate	In 1 9 05 he was Democratic candidate for mayor of New York on the Municipal Ownership ticket, and four years later on the Independence League ticket; in 1906 he was candidate for governor of New York on the Democratic and Independence League tickets, in every instance being defeated.
cancer	Cancer of the Stomach is a common disease.
candle	At Mira is a large candle factory.
canned	They had some canned peaches left.
canna	This antelope is the Cape Hartebeest (Bubalis canna).
canister	On touching the canister this last charge goes to earth.
canker	A thoroughly healthy, well-balanced, harmonious nature, accepting life as it came, with all its joys and sorrows, and living it beautifully and hopefully, without canker and without uncharity.
cane	He reached down and grabbed her cane pole from the ground.
cannelloni	Grease a large shallow ovenproof dish and lay the cannelloni in side by side, so they fit snugly.
cannery	Cannery workers are responsible for packaging food for safe keeping.
cannabis	All cultivated hemp belongs to the same species, Cannabis saliva; the special varieties such as Cannabis indica, Cannabis chinensis, &c., owe their differences to climate and soil, and they lose many of their peculiarities when cultivated in temperate regions.
cannibalism	The old charge of cannibalism may be generally said to be quite untrue.
cannibalize	Instead, you'll cannibalize muscle mass, which in turn reduces your metabolism (i.e. the calories you burn around the clock just to stay alive).
cannel	Lignite and cannel are usually dull and earthy, and of an irregular fracture, the latter being much tougher than the black coal.
canine	Our Dogs, The Kennel Magazine, and The Illustrated Kennel News are the remaining canine journals in England.
cannibal	Available accessories include swords, hats, rings, boots and even cannibal accessories.
cannibalistic	In view of this, suggest one reason why cannibalistic larvae of tiger salamanders are still found.
cannonade	The battle opened with a prolonged cannonade from the Spanish lines.
cannon	A second and a third cannon ball flew past.
canoe	He came here a-fishing, and used an old log canoe which he found on the shore.
cannula	The doctor is normally the person responsible for inserting an intravenous cannula.
canny	Barrie gets the goals but is also a very canny player.
canonically	On the death of Damasus II., Bruno was in December 1048, with the concurrence both of the emperor and of the Roman delegates, selected his successor by an assembly at Worms; he stipulated, however, as a condition of his acceptance that he should first proceed to Rome and be canonically elected by the voice of clergy and people.
canonist	A further revision of this code is stated to have been made by Constantine Porphyrogenitus, the son and successor of Leo, but this statement rests only on the authority of Theodorus Balsamon, a very learned canonist of the 12th century, who, in his preface to the Nomocanon of Patriarch Photius, cites passages from the Basilica which differ from the text of the code as revised by the emperor Leo.
canonicity	As to the canonicity and apostolic authorship of the Johannine Apocalypse no doubts were ever entertained in the West; indeed an Apocalypse of Peter was still retained in the canon in the 3rd century.
canonization	His canonization drew from Luther a violent brochure against the new false god and old devil, who is to be lifted up at Meissen.
canonize	Clergy recorded miracles as evidence to canonize a saint, or as proof of the powers of one already canonized.
canonical	The emperor renounced investiture by ring and staff, and permitted canonical elections; the pope on his part recognized the king's right to perform lay investiture and to assist at elections.
canoodling	In one moment, as Willie is canoodling with Sue and she's begging him to stay in his Santa suit, The Kid walks in and calmly says, Hello Santa.
cantankerous	Feeding and harnessing the cantankerous mules wasn't exactly the highlight of her day.
canonry	In 1834 he became a fellow of Trinity, in 1853 professor of Greek (to which a canonry in Ely Cathedral was then for the first time attached), and in 1866 master of his college.
cant	Swift inoculated the Scriblerus Club with his own hatred of pedantry, cant and circumlocution.
cantaloupe	Cantaloupe is an excellent source of vitamin C, vitamin A, potassium, dietary fiber, vitamin B6, folate and vitamin B3.
canon	In 1894 he became canon of Westminster.
canter	The near side horse, arching his head and breaking into a short canter, tugged at his traces.
canthus	All birds have, like most reptiles, a well-developed third lid or nictitating membrane, which moves from the inner canthus obliquely upwards and backwards over the cornea.
cantata	The most considered poets of the day joined the Arcadia and Lyric individually wrote much excellent verse, but they Latin authors were the models they chose, and Gargao, the most prominent Arcadian, composed the Cantata de Dido, a gem of ancient art, as well as some charming sonnets to friends and elegant odes and epistles.
cantharidin	Cantharides owe their value to the presence of a peculiar chemical principle, to which the name cantharidin has been given.
canopy	Trees arched over the road, forming a canopy of leaves.
canteen	Two took his canteen and rose.
canticle	It was soon used as a canticle.
cantina	There is a small cantina which is presumably only open during the high season.
cantilever	The central double cantilever is 360 ft.
canto	A little to the west is the Auld Brig o' Balgownie, a picturesque single arch spanning the deep black stream, said to have been built by King Robert I., and celebrated by Byron in the tenth canto of Don Juan.
cantle	It is black with natural white tassels and a beautifully polished cantle.
cantonese	It consists of Puatis (or Cantonese), Hakkas (strangers) and Tankas.
cantor	Reading that little lot makes a moderately confident cantor feel thoroughly inadequate.
cantonment	In 1901 the population of the town and cantonment was 7764.
cantonal	In 1820 he was elected as a deputy to the cantonal council, and was a member of the extraordinary diet of 1832.
canvass	The tone of the canvass was one of unusual bitterness, amounting sometimes to actual ferocity.
cap	She twisted the cap from the bottle and held it out to him.
cantus	With the exception of a satiric comedy, Il Candelajo, all the works of this period are devoted to this logic - De Umbris Idearum, Ars Memoriae, De cornpendiosa architecture et complemento artis Lullii, and Cantus Circaeus.
canyon	Gold was found in Gold Canyon near Dayton, Nevada, as early as July 1849.
caoutchouc	Nux vomica, gamboge, caoutchouc, cardamoms, teak and other valuable woods and gums are among the natural products.
capacious	The harbour is capacious and secure, with a sufficient depth of water for the largest vessels.
canton	From this point the river is navigable to Canton.
capacitive	The first is the coupling (mainly capacitive) between the primary and secondary windings on the transformer.
canvas	Canvas or bunting screens are most effectual.
capability	My communications capability is limited.
capacitance	To make it faster, reduce the capacitance to 10% of original value (10 mfd ).
caper	I read an English caper about that happening one time.
capacitor	To shop for the right replacement capacitor for your unit, remove the inoperable part from the microwave and obtain its part number.
capillarity	Not only does water move upwards, but it is transferred by capillarity in all directions through the soil.
capillary	Capillary bleeding is a general oozing from a raw surface.
capital	The capital was the center of the commercial activities.
capful	Fill a large bucket with hot water and add a capful of fabric softener.
capacity	You didn't have the capacity to care.
capitalism	That is inherent in capitalism.
capable	I knew he was capable of something like this.
capita	For the sake of comparison it may be stated that the per capita cost of the English census of 1901 was 2.24 cents, or little more than one-tenth that of the American census.
capitalistic	He was adamant that man can never be truly happy or free in a capitalistic society.
capitalist	Two years later he moved back to Bulgaria where he led a worker's revolt that was brutally crushed by the capitalist government.
capitate	Trophosome, polyps with a single whorl of capitate tentacles; gonosome, free medusae, with ten tacles branched, solid.
capitalization	These laws are to prevent fictitious capitalization and stock-watering.
capitulate	The French were repulsed from Valencia; and Dupont, who had advanced into the heart of Andalusia, was compelled to retreat and ultimately to capitulate with all his forces at Baylen (July 10).
capitalize	Speedy Life Experience Degrees offer accelerated, career-focused physical education degrees on the basis of life experience for experienced individuals looking to capitalize on their physical education profession.
capitular	He then retired to Frauenburg, and vigorously attended to his capitular duties.
capitation	Capitation grants have made it possible to organize the work at every station at home and abroad.
capitulum	Its body is divisible into three portions, an upper capitulum bearing the mouth and tentacles, a median scapus covered by a friable cuticle, and a terminal physa which is rounded.
capitulation	Jackson thereupon swiftly rejoined Lee, leaving only a division to carry out the capitulation.
caprice	And who is in greater error than he who follows his own caprice without guidance from Allah.
capricious	But Henry, despite a violent and capricious temper, had a strong taste for the work of a legislator and administrator.
cappuccino	I was sitting at a pavement cafe in Holland Park, sipping a cappuccino in the bright spring sunshine.
cape	That would be a hoot, pushing my cart in a black cape!
capriciously	The mountain range is capriciously broken at points, especially near Bejucal.
capsize	Now and again a great berg would capsize with a reverberant roar.
capote	The South Ute Indian Reservation in the south of the state is the home of the Moache, Capote and Wiminuche Utes, of Shoshonean stock.
captain	The captain smiled and touched his hat.
capstan	It has capstan and drum recorders to suit all page sizes and impositions.
capricorn	Thus, the second sign (of the Ox) occupies the position of Capricorn, the third that of Sagittarius, and so on.
captaincy	During the war with Holland several efforts were made to conquer this captaincy, but without success.
capsicum	Cayenne pepper (Capsicum frutescens) can enhance circulation and relieve pain.
capsaicin	Generally, the hotter the pepper, the more capsaicin it contains, and the healthier it is for your body.
caption	The title is taken from the penciled caption on the back of the print.
captivating	His eyes were captivating, by far the most attractive feature in his darkly handsome face.
captious	The most foolish and discreditable was certainly that of Davies; his unworthy attempt to depreciate the great historian's learning, and his captious, cavilling, acrimonious charges of petty inaccuracies and discreditable falsification gave the object of his attack an easy triumph.
captivate	He tried to captivate the ambitious fancy of the king.
caps	The women had flowing robes, tall pointed caps, and veils descending over most of the figure.
capture	We will set up our plan to capture him.
captor	Though treated with some deference by his captor, who even promised to reinstate him.
car	Her car was in full view.
caput	Okehampton (Oakmanton) was bestowed by William the Conqueror on Baldwin de Brioniis, and became the caput of the barony of Okehampton.
capsule	The capsule has a double wall,.
capuchin	The municipal government is housed in an ancient tobacco factory converted to public uses, and a fine old Capuchin convent now serves as a public hospital.
carabid	The carabid larva is an active well-armoured grub with the legs and cerci variable in length.
captivity	Of course, in captivity animals might not act the same way they did in the wild.
caramel	She drank the caramel liquid too fast and was soon too dizzy to stand.
capybara	Of the amphibious rodents, the pi-ea (Cavia aperea), mod, (C. rupestris), paca (Coelogenys paca), cutia (Dasyprocta aguti) and capybara (Hydrochoerus capybara) are noteworthy for their size and extensive range.
caramelize	Carbonized bamboo has been steamed to a point in which the naturally occurring sugars in the wood are cooked until they caramelize, turning the bamboo into a warm brown color, similar to that of brown sugar.
caracul	The word caracul has been adopted from the Turkish and signifies black-eared.
carafe	She waited until the door closed before crossing to the carafe and refilling her glass.
caravan	It is an important centre for caravan routes and has a considerable trade.
caracal	The plains near the Olt and Jiu estuaries are rich in Roman remains, notably in the towns of Caracal, Grodjibod and Islaz.
captive	She was virtually a captive in the cabin.
caravanserai	The gardens to the north-east contain a caravanserai, which is fairly well kept and comfortable.
caraway	To spice up a basic dressing, try adding ground cumin, caraway seeds or paprika.
carapace	The carapace of the prosoma was unsegmented and often bore a pair of eyes.
carbamide	For example, aa-dimethyl urea is sweet, aß-dimethyl urea is tasteless; p-phenetol carbamide or dulcin, NH 2 CO NH C 6 H 4.0C 2 H 51 is sweet, while the di-p-phenetol carbamide, CO(NH C 6 H 4.0C 2 H 5) 21 is tasteless.
carbamate	It possesses a strong ammoniacal smell, and on digestion with alcohol the carbamate is dissolved and a residue of ammonium bicarbonate is left; a similar decomposition taking place when the sesquicarbonate is exposed to air.
carbine	Switch over to the carbine and start shooting.
carbinol	Fuming nitric acid gives a paratrinitro substitution derivative which on reduction gives paraleucaniline; the salt of the carbinol formed on oxidizing this substance is the valuable dye rosaniline.
carbide	For silicon carbide see carborundum.
carat	The stones, averaging ten to a carat, are found in the river gravel or in alluvial deposits.
carbonator	The Source starter kit comes with a 60-liter CO2 carbonator, reusable bottle with stainless steel accents, and a variety pack of Sodamix flavors.
carbonado	Carbonado or black diamond, found in Bahia (also recently in Minas Geraes), is a black material with a minutely crystalline structure somewhat porous, opaque, resembling charcoal in appearance, devoid of cleavage, rather harder than diamond, but of less specific gravity; it sometimes displays a rude cubic crystalline form.
carbonation	Buy small, individual serving sizes to ensure the carbonation doesn't quickly dissipate, which is common in the large economy-sized bottles.
carbohydrate	It is an albumin, and not a carbohydrate as was formerly held; and gives most of the colour reactions of albumins.
carbonaceous	The whole organic substance may have been removed, or may persist merely as a thin carbonaceous layer.
carbonization	Sugar charcoal is obtained by the carbonization of sugar.
carbonic	Carbonic acid is taken from the water and synthesized (by the mediation of light energy) into carbohydrate.
carbonyl	The carbonyl group is not ketonic in character since it yields neither an oxime nor hydrazone.
carbon	Flecks of blood remained on the carbon fiber bullet.
carboy	Using the vinyl tubing, siphon the wine from the top into the carboy.
carboxyl	The carboxyl group constitutes another convenient startingpoint for the orientation of many types of organic compounds.
carbonate	Ammonium carbonate is added to the filtrate; this precipitates calcium, strontium and barium.
carburetor	Carburetor - The carburetor opens and closes, and sometimes get stuck blocking fuel so your engine won't start.
carcass	She made a circle around the carcass looking for tracks and finally found one.
carborundum	Many of the furnaces now in constant use depend mainly on this principle, a core of granular carbon fragments stamped together in the direct line between the electrodes, as in Acheson's carborundum furnace, being substituted for the carbon pencils.
carboniferous	Jager has described coprolites from the alum-slate of Gaildorf in Wurttemberg; the fish-coprolites of Burdiehouse and of Newcastle-under-Lyme are of Carboniferous age.
carcinogenic	There are also carcinogenic concerns about statins which most diabetics - not kids or reproductive age - are put on.
carcinogen	Doll's own pet theory had been tar on the roads, as tar is a known carcinogen.
carcase	Plinth scribes are made of multi-layered chipboards and match the carcase color.
carcinogenicity	Comet assay results were given for 8 organs in the mouse with 208 chemicals for which carcinogenicity bioassay data were available.
card	They sat on the bed, playing a card game.
carcinoma	In the mouse study, there was a significant increase in the incidence of hepatocellular adenoma or carcinoma.
cardamom	Its smell is more medicinal than green cardamom with a hint of pine smoke.
cardinalate	It is estimated that this cardinalate cost France about eight million francs.
cardiac	The bearing of this fact on cases of cardiac dilatation is evident.
cardigan	The neighbourhood is agreeable, and the Cardigan Bay shore is shelving and suitable for safe bathing.
cardioid	The combination of rays is also sufficient in practice if the cardioid surface is replaced, by a spherical one.
cardboard	Its manufactures include pianos, paper, cardboard, machinery, boats and barges.
cardiology	Coronary Artery Disease now includes cardiology in the Elderly.
cardiologist	August, 2004 Keegan had his 3 month checkup with his Cardiologist today.
cardiopulmonary	Childproofing the home, following a recommended immunization schedule, educating kids on safety, learning cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR), and taking kids for regular well-child check-ups all help to protect against physical harm.
care	We'll take care of them together.
career	You know how important my career is to me.
cardinal	He became dean of Toledo early, and was made cardinal on the 5th of August 1669.
carefree	What they needed was a smiling and carefree face.
carefully	She carefully lifted an egg.
carefulness	His carefulness was exemplary, and his references are always exact.
carditis	Some of these children developed carditis and valvular disease.
carelessness	I don't mean to make her feel unwelcome, but it was her own carelessness that got her into this situation.
careenage	It was apparently intended by Menshikov that the column from the field army should attack the position from the north, and that the Sevastopol column should advance along the west side of the Careenage Ravine.
carelessly	I know this letter is very carelessly written.
careless	You're careful about everyone else, but careless about your own safety.
cardiovascular	During exercise and for several hours afterward, your metabolic pathways suppress the synthesis of new proteins while your muscle cells and cardiovascular system are busy responding to the the energy demands of physical activity.
caress	His hand was so warm and the caress was so gentle that her eyes gradually closed.
caretaker	It only strengthened the idea that he was the caretaker, not the owner.
caret	The minimum information that shall be made available is text content, text input caret location, and text attributes.
caressing	His hands slid up her arms, gently caressing her shoulders.
carib	Before this time Columbus had proposed an exchange of his Carib prisoners as slaves against live stock to be furnished to Haiti by Spanish merchants.
carex	Hygrophytes.Plants which are sub-evergreen or evergreen but it scierophyllous, and which live in moist soils; e.g., Lastraea lix-mas, Poa pratensis, Carex ovalis, Plantago lanceolala, and ihillaea Millefolium.
carfax	Dart 34470 approaches Carfax corner last Saturday shaded from the spring sunshine by the ever present tall building in Oxford.
caribou	The caribou, moose, antelope, mountain sheep, beaver, otter and mink are scarce.
caricature	In Egypt, too, the spirit of caricature occasionally shows itself.
careful	Just be careful where you go.
caries	The studies on marginal leakage were the first indications that secondary caries was not always caused by incomplete cavity preparation.
caricaturist	Of other 5th-century sources, Aristophanes is obviously a caricaturist, pseudo-Xenophon (de republica Atheniensium) a mere party pamphleteer.
carillon	A few members of the Guild took the opportunity to go along and play the carillon on the open day.
carina	The keel, or carina sterni, is formed as a direct cartilaginous outgrowth of the body of the sternum, ossifying from a special centre.
carman	The most famous places of meeting were Tara, Telltown and Carman.
carinate	Shell with short spire, carinate and pointed.
carious	Children who had carious lesions in anterior teeth were referred for treatment if they did not have a family dentist.
carmelite	He became a professed Carmelite in 1564, and was ordained priest at Salamanca in 1567.
carnage	Their ability to inflict carnage will rise in the future.
carnal	His mind coursed with carnal lust, raw and insatiable.
carmine	Maria del Carmine is externally one of the most beautiful of the brick Gothic churches in northern Italy and dates from 1273 (or 1323 ?).
carnallite	The carnallite principally dissolves and crystallizes out relatively pure on cooling.
carnation	The name was originally given in Italy to plants of the pink tribe, especially the carnation, but has in England been transferred of late years to several cruciferous plants.
caring	Caring for someone is a vulnerability.
carney	Derby drubbing to Hitchin, with Grant Carney smashing a hatrick.
carnassial	With the single exception of the Indian sloth-bear, all the species have forty-two teeth, of which the incisors and canines closely resemble those of purely carnivorous mammals; while the molars, and especially the one known as the sectorial or carnassial, have their surfaces tuberculated so as to adapt.
carnauba	Forest products include rubber, carnauba wax and dyewoods.
carnet	You must make declarations on all relevant vouchers before presenting the carnet to us at the office of departure.
cargo	Cargo can be transferred direct from the ship into railway trucks.
carnivora	Other characteristic Carnivora are civets, various ichneumons, and the benturong (Arctictis).
carnelian	The town is celebrated for its manufacture of agate and carnelian ornaments, of reputation principally in China.
carnivorous	Is it not a reproach that man is a carnivorous animal?
carnivore	Unlike some other carnivore species, cats cannot digest plant matter very well.
carob	Cork and carob trees are also very common.
carotene	The more carotene a plant produced, the smaller it was.
carotid	Each brachiocephalic soon sends off its subclavian, while in the normal or more usual cases the rest proceeds as the carotid trunk, inclusive of the vertebral artery.
carnival	Purim is the carnival of the Jewish year.
carol	Immediately preceding this very piece in his collected works is a carol written in terms of the utmost simplicity.
carolingian	In the triple partition of the Carolingian empire at Verdun in 843, the central portion was assigned to the emperor Lothaire, separating the kingdoms of East Francia (the later The duchy Germany) from West Francia (the later France).
carpal	At the distal wrist crease it enters the carpal tunnel where it should not be blocked (neuritis may result ).
carousal	His son Elah had reigned only two years (like Ishbaal and Nadab) when he was slain in the midst of a drunken carousal by his captain Zimri.
carpentry	In 1907 the school had 813 students, of whom 313 were girls; it has an academic department, a business school and courses in domestic science, in farming, dairying and gardening, and in masonry, carpentry, painting, blacksmithing, waggonmaking, shoemaking, steam-fitting, printing and other trades.
caroline	He married in 1852 Marie Caroline, daughter of the Archduke Charles, the victor of Aspern.
carpellary	In the genus Cycas the female flower is peculiar among cycads in consisting of a terminal crown of separate leaf-like carpels several inches in length; the apical portion of each carpellary leaf may be broadly triangular in form, and deeply dissected on the margins into narrow woolly appendages like rudimentary pinnae.
carpel	Each carpel has its own ovary, style (when present), and stigma, and may be regarded as formed by a folded leaf, the upper surface of which is turned inwards towards the axis, and the lower outwards, while from its margins are developed one or more ovules.
carp	The Dawkins group continued to carp about airline reservations.
carousel	I feel like I'm on a carousel that won't stop but we have to slow it down.
carpenter	Carpenter had seen the block ships go in.
carpogonium	This is the carpogonium; it consists of a ventral portion which contains a nucleus, but in which no oosphere is differentiated, and an elongated tubular portion known as the trichogyne, into which the cytoplasm extends.
carpi	In 1521 he was sent to Carpi to transact a petty matter with the chapter of the Franciscans, the chief known result of the embassy being a burlesque correspondence with Francesco Guicciardini.
carport	She eased into the carport but left the car running.
carpeting	The carpeting was waiting on the painting.
carpospore	In all these cases, however, the end-cells of the filaments each give rise to a carpospore, and the aggregate of such sporiferous filaments is a cystocarp. Again, in the family of the Gelidiaceae, the single filament arising from the carpogonium grows back into the tissue and preys upon the cells of the axis and larger branches, after which the end-cells give rise to carpospores and a diffused cystocarp is formed.
carrion	It feeds chiefly on fruit and roots, but kills sheep, goats, deer, ponies and cattle, and sometimes devours carrion.
carriageable	Sir Ronald Thomson, the British representative in Persia, having at the same time induced the shah to consider the advantages to Persia of opening the Karun River and connecting it with Teheran by a carriageable road, a small river steamer for controlling the shipping on the Karun was ordered as well, and the construction of the road was decided upon.
carrel	His career as a soldier being then finally closed, Carrel resolved to devote himself to literature.
carpus	According to Proclus an angle must be either a quality or a quantity, or a relationship. The first concept was utilized by Eudemus, who regarded an angle as a deviation from a straight line; the second by Carpus of Antioch, who regarded it as the interval or space between the intersecting lines; Euclid adopted the third concept, although his definitions of right, acute, and obtuse angles are certainly quantitative.
carpet	It will be covered with carpet by next weekend.
carrot	Sow Early Horn carrot; also kidney beans and radishes, on hotbeds.
cartage	The smaller paths, not intended for cartage, should be 4 ft.
cartel	The big UK banks effectively operate a cartel in most areas of business banking.
carrier	The rocking-bar consists of a carrier a fixed to the cradle, a rockingbar d pivoted to the carrier at e, a sight bar f carrying the sights and sighting telescope.
carryall	Huge proportions complete with a medium sized detachable carryall top section.
carriage	The carriage door was opened.
cartesianism	When Descartes complained to the authorities of this unfair treatment, 4 the only reply was an order by which all mention of the name of Cartesianism, whether favourable or adverse, was forbidden in the university.
cart	Kindly let this cart pass.
carter	Bonham Carter went full speed ahead with the starboard engine and full speed astern with the port to turn her round.
cartesian	Its cartesian equation is x 3 -1-y 3 =3axy.
cartilaginous	The trachea or windpipe is strengthened by numerous cartilaginous, often osseous, complete rings, but in the emeu several of these rings are incomplete in the medioventral line, and permit the inner lining of the trachea to bulge out into a large neck-pouch, which is used by both sexes as a resounding bag.
cartogram	In the population cartogram, every person surveyed is given equal representation on paper or screen.
cartographer	At the age of 69 he became a cartographer.
cartography	He introduced a new standard of accuracy in the cartography of ancient Greece.
cartilage	The cartilage is shaded and dotted, and the bony centres are light and striated.
cartographical	His work was mainly cartographical in its aim, and theory was as far as possible excluded.
carton	She removed the carton from the fridge, opening it as she walked to Cora.
carry	Where do you carry your gold?
cartoonish	O ' Sailor's discordant piano riff sounds suitably creepy, but it might easily have sounded cartoonish.
cartouche	They include colossal figures of Aesculapius and Bacchus, and the lower half of a seated Egyptian divinity in black basalt, bearing the cartouche of Tethmosis (Thothmes) I.
cartographic	The British Cartographic Society (B.C.S. ), through and on behalf of its membership, exerts an influence on and promotes world cartography.
cartridge	Marine algae are usually mounted on tough smooth white cartridge paper in the following manner.
carving	Some of their carving is very fine.
carwash	Particular benefits for forecourts include eletronic e-top-ups, electronic LED pole signs, an integrated codax carwash ticketing sytem and online customer loyalty schemes.
carvel	The heroine is the great-great-granddaughter of his former hero, Richard Carvel.
carve	Well… I suppose you don't have to carve all of them.
cartoon	The cartoon did not last so long.
carver	In 1766 the region was visited by the Connecticut traveller Jonathan Carver (1732-1780).
caryophyllaceous	Interesting caryophyllaceous plants, thriving in dryish situations.
cascading	Her hair was free, the long, loose curls cascading down her shoulders and back.
case	But this is not the case historically.
casbah	Or those who were wise enough to adapt and start singing about relationships and rocking the casbah.
casa	About the end of the century the southern Picts of Galloway, and tribes farther north, were partially converted by St Ninian, from the candida casa of Whithern.
casein	By the rennet ferment caseinogen is converted into casein, a substance resembling caseinogen in being soluble in water, but differing in having an insoluble calcium salt.
cascade	She reached up to unclasp her now-blonde hair, dropping it in a cascade about her shoulders.
casement	He opened the casement.
caseous	The caseous necrosis of the implicated mass of lung tissue, and indeed of tubercles generally, is held to be, in great measure, the result of the necrotic influence of the secretions from the bacillus.
cash	We had his cash figured down to pocket change.
caseworker	A caseworker can help you determine if you qualify for the program.
cashew	Avoid dishes with cashew nuts they are over 50% fat!
cashless	Cashless catering The College operates a cashless catering The College operates a cashless catering system.
cashier	The cashier shrugged but complied with his request, writing up an additional charge slip.
cask	The maturation of wine, whether it be in bottle or in cask, is an exceedingly interesting operation.
casework	We will only undertake direct casework by mutual consent.
cassava	The cassava (manioca) and indigo plants are indigenous.
casket	She'd bought her casket months ago and was on a payment plan.
cashmere	Katie asked, lifting a cashmere sweater.
casing	The warmth from his body enveloped her mind in a thin casing of security.
cassette	I inserted what I thought was a blank cassette.
cassation	The cour de cassation can review the decision of any other tribunal, except administrative courts.
cassandra	Before Jackson could reach her, she had grabbed Cassandra by the throat from mid-air and held her above her head.
casserole	He munched on a leftover casserole some thoughtful neighbor had donated to poor hero Fred and was about to doze when the telephone startled Mrs. Lincoln from his lap.
cast	Does he cast a shadow?
cassia	In the same year a road was constructed over the Apennines from Bon.onia to Arretium, but it is difficult to suppose that it was not until later that the Via Cassia was made, giving a direct communication between Arretium and Rome.
cassock	He wears all these vestments only at the celebration of the eucharist and on other very solemn occasions; at other ministrations he wears only the epitrachelion and phainolion over his cassock.
cassiterite	The tin occurs in the form of cassiterite, and is found chiefly in or near the crystalline rocks, especially the granite.
castaway	If so, an extra day at Castaway Cay may be added to the trip.
cassowary	The common cassowary (Casuarius galeatus) stands 5 ft.
casting	His features were chiseled, the firelight casting harsh shadows across the planes of his face.
caster	The form caster is found in the north and east, under Scandinavian influence, e.g.
castle	That is my castle in the air.
castellated	It contains the ruins of an imposing castellated fort.
castrate	He found it both amusing and a bit disconcerting that both Sidwell women's initial reaction was to castrate him.
casual	Her dress was casual but stunning.
castellan	Shortly afterwards Zolkiewski was made castellan.
casually	She was more casually dressed in leggings, knee-high boots and a shirt that fell to mid-hip.
castration	Ideally he should have been previously vaccinated fully against tetanus but if not he can receive antiserum at the time of castration.
castor	That's like getting an ice cream sundae with castor oil for topping.
caste	The object of this ceremony is to abolish caste distinctions.
cat	The cat would like to eat the mouse.
casualness	He towered head and shoulders over the mostly female crowd and leaned with deceptive casualness that radiated danger against one of the pillars in the food court.
casuarina	In Casuarina, Juglans and the order Corylaceae, the pollen-tube does not enter by means of the micropyle, but passing down the ovary wall and through the placenta, enters at the chalazal end of the ovule.
casuist	He also gained much reputation as a casuist.
cataclysm	As early as 1186 the earth had escaped one threatened cataclysm of the astrologers.
cataclysmic	This cataclysmic earthquake nearly leveled all of San Francisco when it struck on the morning of Wednesday, April 18th.
casualty	Civility is the second casualty of political debate.
casuistry	However, I'm not convinced of such casuistry because I'm not convinced that self-regard and egocentrism are exactly the same thing.
catacomb	At Taormina in Sicily is a Saracenic catacomb, also Taornlna.
catalog	Another item she purchased was a catalog with instructions on cake decorating.
catabolism	So any treatments that could reduce muscle catabolism might prove beneficial.
catalogue	A catalogue of his library was printed in 1813.
catafalque	A great catafalque had been built, housing a symbolic coffin.
catalpa	The most common species in the alluvial regions and, to a less degree, in the drier portions of the swamps and in the stream bottoms of the prairies are various oaks, black, sweet and tupelo gum, holly, cotton-wood, poplar, magnolia sweet bay, the tulip tree, catalpa, black walnut, pecans, hickories, ash, beech and short-leaf pine.
catalyst	His caustic expression served as a catalyst to her boredom.
catalytic	Modern vehicles are fitted with catalytic converters in the exhaust system.
catamaran	The catamaran and the reed boat were known to the Peruvians.
catalysis	This kind of reaction is said to have involved heterogenous catalysis.
catapult	The Catapult is a sneaker with Velcro closure.
catamount	The black bear, wolf, catamount, wolverine, wild cat, fox, beaver, racoon, marten, sable, woodchuck, skunk, otter, mink, rabbit and squirrel are also found.
cataplexy	Cataplexy, which is the sudden paralysis that severe narcolepsy can induce, is a characteristic of narcolepsy that does not manifest itself in other sleep disorders.
cataract	This is the cataract near Adalia.
catarrh	He still had a cough productive of clear catarrh and left sided chest pains.
catastrophe	Things may drag on perhaps till July, but then a catastrophe must come.
catastrophic	I hope I never have to experience a catastrophic disaster.
catarrhal	The climate is characterized by hot days and cool nights, and is considered healthy, though the daily change tends to provoke bronchial, catarrhal and inflammatory diseases.
catawba	In the Mountain Region and in the Piedmont Plateau Region the rivers have numerous falls and rapids which afford a total water power unequalled perhaps in any other state than Maine on the Atlantic Coast, the largest being on the Yadkin, Roanoke and Catawba; and in crossing some of the mountains, especially the Unakas, the streams have carved deep narrow gorges that are much admired for their scenery.
catatonia	The complete and rapid collapse of external values precipitates instant catatonia.
catching	I think I'm catching a cold though.
catchphrase	The popular catchphrase of the day enjoins us to think globally, act locally.
catchfly	Further south, on Dumyat, is sticky catchfly.
cate	Cate Blanchett plays the elf Galadriel like a cosmic Princess Di.
catchword	If we wish to grasp the peculiar character of the great Gnostic movement, we must take care not to be led astray by the catchword Gnosis.
catcher	The intricate lines of a zebra's stripes are an instant eye catcher.
catchy	Some of music scores are kind of catchy.
catchment	The river Itchen is an example of a permeable chalk catchment.
catechesis	Gregory of Nyssa's Great Catechesis is an instruction to catechists how they should proceed - though of course stating the writer's theology and apologetic, with his belief in universal salvation.
catechin	Block that enzyme About one third of the dry weight of green tea leaves is made up of a flavonoid called catechin.
catechist	At the latter is a Church of England mission station under a native Indian catechist attached to the diocese of Rangoon.
catechism	His principal work was Lectures on the Catechism of the Church of England (London, 1769).
catechu	The water of the first boiling becomes red and thick, and when this is inspissated after the removal of the nuts it forms a catechu of high astringency and dark colour called in Bombay Kossa.
categorically	Yet in your letter of information you categorically deny what comrade N tells me.
categorical	For her there was no categorical imperative, no moral code save to follow the promptings of her heart.
categorization	Good categorization helps the music, because it helps link the music to the listener.
catch	He paused for a moment to catch his breath.
catechumen	In early manhood he entered the cloister as a catechumen, receiving baptism about 370.
catena	A catena of opinions may be produced in favour of almost any theory; but formularies express the collective or average belief of any given period, and changes in them are a sure indication that there has been a general change in ideas.
cater	The restaurant can cater for private and business gatherings.
catenoid	The only surface of revolution having this property is the catenoid formed by the revolution of a catenary about its directrix.
categorize	Break this down into a workable list and then categorize the items you need.
catfish	I brought a pole, but I don't have any bait for catfish.
catenary	The true catenary is that assumed by a chain of uniform weight per unit of length, but the form generally adopted for suspension bridges is that assumed by a chain under a weight uniformly distributed relatively to a horizontal line.
catharsis	Music is a means of catharsis for her.
cathartic	Venting his frustrations had a cathartic effect.
caterer	Has the caterer arrived yet?
caterpillar	Either the caterpillar postures and escapes, or it does not posture and is eaten; it is.
cathay	He died on the journey in March 1607; and thus, as one of the brethren pronounced his epitaph, seeking Cathay he found heaven.
catgut	It also considered the license renewal application for surgical catgut.
cathedra	The pope when teaching ex cathedra acts as head of the whole episcopal body and of the whole Church.
catheterization	Her husband is the director of the cardiac catheterization lab at the local hospital.
category	All members that belong to the same category are sitting together.
cathode	Kellner, who in 1886 patented the use of cathode (caustic soda) and anode (chlorine) liquors in the manufacture of cellulose from wood-fibre, and has since evolved many similar processes, has produced an apparatus that has been largely used.
catheter	Some ventricular arrhythmias can be cured using catheter ablation.
catholicity	Thus the Republic recovered her catholicity and her internal harmony at the same time.
catkin	The catkin falls off in a mass, separating from the branch by an articulation.
cathedral	There were three bedrooms and an open concept kitchen dining area with a cathedral ceiling.
cationic	The surface charge of different types of particles depends on the pH, allowing cationic or anionic surfactants to be selectively adsorbed.
cation	On the theory that the phenomena are wholly due to unequal ionic velocities this result would mean that the cation like the anion moved against the conventional direction of the current.
catholicism	The new Catholicism was promulgated by authority and accepted with deference.
catoptric	He was a strong advocate of the groupflashing system as a means of differentiating lights, and invented an arrangement for carrying it into effect optically, his plan being first adopted for the catoptric light of the Royal Sovereign lightship, in the English Channel off Beachy Head.
catnap	We had a short catnap to allow us to avoid the worst of the tide and set off.
catnip	Catnip, which makes kitties wild, actually makes humans relaxed to sleepy.
catsuit	She has played matches in an all black outfit with tall boots, a black PUMA catsuit and purple and pink skirted ensemble.
cattle	I lose some cattle every year.
catsup	And if I can't eat the piglets you may as well plant me at once and raise catsup.
cattery	Purebred kittens are conceived and born in a cattery.
catty	She can also get catty to make up for her insecurities.
caucus	Reed on the third ballot in the Republican caucus for speaker of the House.
catwalk	She moved down the catwalk, swinging her designer-encased butt.
catholic	They're going to hold a memorial service for Byrne at the Catholic Church.
caucasian	Together they constitute what were once called the Caucasian races.
caught	You just happened to get caught on camera.
caudal	Lastly, towards the caudal region the right and left strands approach and anastomose, eventually coalescing in the mid line.
caudate	This is the caudate lobe.
cauldron	She rolled her eyes at him and returned to the cauldron of soup on the stove.
causal	Nature as a machine, governed by changeless causal law, is necessary to thought.
causality	Locke's thoughts about Causality and Active Power are especially noteworthy, for he rests our knowledge of God and of the external universe on those ultimate ideas.
causation	The series into which we can arrange the results of observing phenomena of complex causation, whether exhibited by living organisms or not, have certain properties in common, which are dealt with by the theory of chance.
cause	He probably hasn't had any cause to speak French.
cauline	In other cases the leaf-gaps are very broad and long, the meristeles separating them being reduced to comparatively slender strands, while there is present in each gap a network of fine vascular threads, some of which run out to the leaf, while others form cross-connections between these leaf-trace strands and also with the main cauline meristeles.
caulk	This may require you to scrape off old paint, fill in holes with caulk and/or sand the surface.
cauliflower	The lunch menu is short but tempting, including handcrafted ravioli of the day, a grilled vegetable wrap with artichoke heart spread and a seafood entree served with creamless creamed spinach, roasted cauliflower and truffle vinaigrette.
causative	Another explanation, which appears first in Jewish authors of the middle ages and has found wide acceptance in recent times, derives the name from the causative of the verb; He (who) causes things to be, gives them being; or calls events into existence, brings them to pass; with many individual modifications of interpretation - creator, lifegiver, fulfiller of promises.
causally	It may be held that every action is causally connected not only externally with the sum of the agent's environment, but also internally with his motives and impulses.
causeway	In 1883 an electric railway, the first in the United Kingdom, was opened for traffic, connecting the Causeway with Portrush and Bushmills.
causey	Unable to perform may have to pages rule says causey.
caution	Once again, I'll exercise caution and not lead anyone to my secret place.
causticity	Sometimes this principle has weight, and sometimes it has not; sometimes it is free fire and sometimes it is fire combined with the earthy element; sometimes it passes through the pores of vessels, sometimes these are impervious to it; it explains both causticity and non-causticity, transparency and opacity, colours and their absence; it is a veritable Proteus changing in form at each instant.
cauterization	The doctor uses the camera to locate the fallopian tubes, then cuts the tubes and either seals them with clips or uses a technique called cauterization to close the ends by burning them.
cautery	The use of an insulated needle cautery is associated with a minimal amount of adhesion formation.
cautionary	One other cautionary note, be careful when giving wine to a business client or associate.
cavalcade	Now you can see a cavalcade of the most famous tractors ever on parade.
cautiously	She peered cautiously over the edge, but couldn't see the car.
cavalier	Virginia was neither cavalier nor roundhead, but both.
cavalla	From this point the boundary between France and Liberia would be the course of the Cavalla river from near its source to the sea.
caveat	Since it was the young girl's first time getting pulled over, the police officer let her off with thecaveat that next time he would not be so lenient.
cavalryman	On approaching Alexander he raised his hat, and as he did so, Rostov, with his cavalryman's eye, could not help noticing that Napoleon did not sit well or firmly in the saddle.
caveman	If you want to keep the caveman factor to a minimum, keep it covered.
cavern	But we can't live long in this cavern, that's certain.
cautious	Her tone was cautious but respectful.
cavernous	She looked around, feeling very much alone in the cavernous room.
cavendish	Cavendish, who had isolated the nitrogen of the atmosphere, had failed to decide conclusively what had really happened to the air which disappeared during combustion.
cavil	Equally ingenious is their cavil, that women should not be baptized if baptism is to be made conformable to circumcision.
caviare	This river supports a considerable fishing population, who despatch salt fish and caviare all over Russia.
cavalry	Out of the blue, the cavalry comes to the rescue.
caviar	A high protein delicacy, caviar is best served chilled on a bed of ice with crackers, or toast points, and chilled vodka.
caustic	Obviously he was annoyed by her caustic tone.
cavy	There are six species of monkey corresponding to those of Guiana and the Amazon valley, the sloth and ant-eater, 12 known genera of rodents, including many species of Mures, the cavy, the capybara, the paca, the nutria, the agouti, the tree porcupine, Loncheres cristata, Echimys cayen and the Brazilian hare.
cavitation	This improvement in wetting helps reduce cavitation in liners and water pump.
cavort	This doesn't mean you cannot cavort around in a black-based sundress, but generally you don't want your appearance to look stiff and grim if you opt for darker colors.
cayman	The crocodile and cayman occur in the swampy littoral of the south.
cay	Opportunity this afternoon to visit the tiny coral cay of Two Isles.
cayenne	Many hundreds were either sent to Cayenne or imprisoned in the hulks of Re and Oleron.
cbc	A complete blood count (CBC) test can check oxygen levels in the blood.
cbi	Hence set out the possible direction of Bs motion in the velocity diagram, namely cbi, at right angles to CB.
cbe	Winning cat chosen by eminent astronomer, Sir Patrick Moore CBE FRS.
cb	The proportions between the four salts AB, CD, AD and CB, which exist finally in solution, are found to be the same whether we begin with the pair AB and CD or with the pair AD and CB.
cbt	To understand why testimonials from other individuals with bulimia can help so much it's best to understand the term 'cognitive behavioral therapy' (CBT).
cease	We must cease raving if we are sons of our Fatherland!
cdt	This is perhaps the biggest advantage that CDT's light-emitting polymer displays have over their competitors, which use small molecules.
cdr	These data are subsequently published quarterly in the CDR Weekly.
cbs	Worse, Aubrey started to get nasty with CBS ' roster of stars.
cc	The alkalinity of North Atlantic water of 35 per mille salinity is 26.86 cc. per litre, corresponding to a total amount of carbonic acid of 49 07 cc. According to the researches of August Krogh,' the alkalinity is greatly increased by the admixture of land water.
cavity	These processes stretch across the body cavity to be inserted in the dorsal and ventral middle lines.
ce	The name of Freron, perhaps the most vigorous enemy Voltaire ever encountered, was long connected with Lettres sur quelques ecrits de ce temps (1749-1754), followed by L'Annee litteraire (1754-1790).
ceaseless	The couch was worn out by ceaseless jumping by the children.
ceasefire	The Lebanon situation looks parlous despite an apparent ceasefire.
ceiba	Another line in the Lake Maracaibo region is known as the Great La Ceiba, and runs from a point near the lake to the vicinity of Valera and Trujillo.
ceaselessly	The spindles hummed steadily and ceaselessly on all sides.
cd	My car has a CD player.
cede	You've cut me open and – I cede your point, he said, smiling.
ceilidh	The festival offers a truly eclectic program of events, including the opportunity to dance your socks off at the Festival Ceilidh!
ceilinged	Use the warmer tones on large or high ceilinged rooms to provide a cozier atmosphere.
celandine	Some examples of bitter herbs include greater celandine, wormwood, and gentian.
celebrant	In that case the celebrant stood behind the altar at mass, and looked over it eastwards towards the people.
celadon	A few pieces of Chinese porcelain, including celadon were also identified.
celebratory	Having live music from the quartet can really add to the celebratory atmosphere as guests relax and enjoy themselves.
celerity	His concentration was effected with his usual sureness and celerity, but whilst the French moved on Wittenberg, Blucher was marching to his right, indifferent to his communications as all Prussia lay behind him.
celery	The earth should be drawn up to celery with a hoe preparatory to earthing up with a spade.
celeriac	Combine the grated celeriac, walnut pieces and diced apple in a bowl.
celestial	The celestial beauty of the artwork caused all of the viewers to stand in awe.
celibacy	We talked about celibacy and all the stuff he'd miss.
celebrate	Alex took them all to dinner to celebrate the birth.
celeste	The Mecanique celeste, in which Laplace welded into a whole the items of knowledge accumulated by the labours of a century, has been termed the Almagest of the 18th century (Fourier).
cell	The cell reproduced and the organism grew.
ceiling	The ceiling began to crumble.
celibate	There is a trend among religious teenages to sign a pledge to remain celibate until they marry.
cella	The cella of the temple of Heracles underwent considerable modifications in Roman times, and the discovery in it of a statue of Asclepius seems to show that the cult of this deity superseded the original one.
celebrated	His festival is celebrated on the 8th of July.
celebration	In celebration of Fred's return to Bird Song, Dean didn't bother to protest.
cellarage	There is extensive cellarage under the front part of the house.
celebrity	The mineral springs of Baden are very numerous and have acquired great celebrity, those of Baden-Baden, Badenweiler, Antogast, Griesbach, Freiersbach and Petersthal being the most frequented.
cedar	The cedar tree was bent over with the weight of a heavy load of wet snow.
cellist	The curtain opens, and we see a cellist passionately lost in his world of music.
cello	Her hobbies include photography, surfing, watching rugby and playing the piano and cello.
cellar	His gaze went to the wine cellar door, which she'd left cracked.
cellophane	Personalized mugs and hot cocoa mix make for a cozy winter treat, while caramel apples wrapped in cellophane and tied with a fancy ribbon are great fall treats.
celluloid	There are also iron-foundries, potteries, and sugar, tobacco and celluloid factories.
cellulosic	The new technology of producing ethanol from cellulosic biomass does receive some R&D support, but not more traditional methods of production.
celtic	Love the color and the swirlies, like Celtic designs around it.
celsius	Celsius temperature, and calculates the temperature in Fahrenheit.
cellulose	The wall of the tube is very thin and delicate, and does not seem to be composed of cellulose or any modification of it.
cementation	This method results in a smoother coated surface than that obtained for pack cementation.
celt	The Mighty Celt is a gutsy story about a 14 year old boy who adopts an awkward greyhound his boss has no time for.
cementing	In 1897 President Kruger, bent on still further cementing the union with the Free State, visited Bloemfontein.
cementite	These are cementite, a definite iron carbide, Fe 3 C, harder than glass and nearly as brittle, but probably very strong under gradually and axially applied stress; and ferrite, pure or nearly pure metallic a-iron, soft, weak, with high electric conductivity, and in general like copper except in colour.
cellular	He laughed as he pulled out his cellular phone.
cenotaph	Byron died here in 1824, and is commemorated by a cenotaph and a statue.
censer	On the left-hand side in the field a hand issues holding a censer.
censor	His job was to censor matter voluntarily submitted by the Press.
censorship	He wrote according to order, and no question of censorship arose.
censorious	Comte's subsequent attitude of censorious condemnation put him entirely in the wrong.
cemetery	If he were in a grave—in a cemetery somewhere—I could go there and put flowers on it.
centaur	The idea of the centaur does exist in our imagination, and inside our heads, and the name of it in our mouths.
cement	I poured cement in the hole he dug under the hen house.
centenary	Durrett, The Centenary of Louisville (Louisville, 1893), being No.
censure	The soldier was sent home from boot camp after he received another censure from the general.
centesimal	Its usefulness arises from its decimal or centesimal division, and the fact that to square chains make an acre.
centennial	From 1873 to 1876 he was president of the United States Centennial Commission, the great success of the Centennial Exposition being largely due to him.
centering	It is their sense of internal balance, centering, that allows them to act with perfect equipoise and timing.
cent	The light dues were reduced in 1898 from 22 cents to 1 cent per ton.
centigrade	A simple sparkler reaches a temperature of up to 2000 degrees centigrade.
census	The estimated total at a census taken in 1901 was only 2000.
center	His vamps scampered out of the command center to obey.
cento	Steam tramways .run to Vignola, Pieve di Cento and Malalbergo.
centipede	The scorpion and the centipede are both common.
centimetre	The intensity of the stream of energy passing per second through a square centimetre when a given pure tone is sounded is more definite and can be measured.
centimeter	It's a 38 centimeter chain with the typical Chanel logo at the end, studded in pave cubic zirconias.
centralism	Above all, the Thatcher reforms reversed economic centralism, by curbing the power of national unions and through privatization.
centrality	The quantity and relative centrality of spaces allocated to different countries or classes of artifact also established hierarchies among the exhibits.
centralize	When asked to centralize the love story in the script, Bukowski readily acquiescedand then hated the results.
centralist	The Centralist government, after a vain attempt to defeat him by professing a more thorough Federalism, gave way to force, and Bustamante was allowed to leave the country.
centralization	But centralization remained very great.
centric	Then, on account of the relatively slight - because divided - influence which would be exercised upon the two rings by the two affinities common to both, the remaining four centric affinities of each ring would presumably be less attracted into the ring than in the case of benzene; consequently they would be more active outwards, and combination would set in more readily.
centrally	The capital, El Obeid (q.v.), is centrally situated.
centred	But the chief problem centred in the constitution.
centrifugally	Both series of organs grow back centrifugally from the funnel.
centrifuge	That program was based on gas centrifuge uranium enrichment.
central	After the war, it remained a central hub.
centrifugal	Dangers from abroad would destroy the centrifugal forces at home, and the Union would be saved.
centrifugation	The next day cells were harvested by centrifugation at 4000 rpm for 15 minutes.
centring	The beautiful Park Region, centring in Ottertail county, contains several thousand lakes.
centre	The largest of these is situated in the centre of Cheduba island.
centripetal	In a bundle examined in the basal portion of a leaf the bulk of the xylem is found to be centrifugal in position, but internally to the protoxylem there is a group of centripetal tracheids; higher up in the petiole the xylem is mainly centripetal, the centrifugal wood being represented by a small arc of tracheids external to the protoxylem and separated from it by a few parenchymatous elements.
centrum	Like Gloger, Sundevall in his ideal system separated the true passerines from all other birds, calling them Volucres; but he took a step further, for he assigned to them the highest rank, wherein nearly every recent authority agrees with him; out of them, however, he chose the thrushes and warblers to stand first as his ideal Centrum - a selection which, though in the opinion of the present writer erroneous, is still largely followed.
centrist	The democratic opposition that the West likes, the respectable centrist opposition, will not counterpoise itself to the Nationalists.
centroid	The ideas of moment and of centroid are extended to geometrical figures, whether solid, superficial or linear.
centripetally	A point of anatomical interest is the occurrence in the vascular bundles of the cotyledons, scale-leaves, and elsewhere of a few centripetally developed tracheids, which give to the xylem-strands a mesarch structure such as characterizes the foliar bundles of cycads.
centrosome	At each pole of this spindle figure there often occur fibres radiating in all directions into the cytoplasm, and sometimes a minute granular body, the centrosome, is also found there.
centromere	The centromere separates the chromosome into long and short arms.
ceo	The CEO received accolades for business success.
cep	Whatever your political persuasion, the CEP attracts members from the widest of groups.
centurion	He was a purely military man appointed by the emperor, usually a centurion whose term of service was completed.
cephalopod	Cephalopod molluscs have been traced back to the straight-shelled nautiloids of the genus Volborthella, while true ammonites have been found in the inferior Permian of the Continent and by American palaeontologists in the true coal measures.
cephalic	Within the velar area the eyes and the cephalic tentacles commence to rise up, and on the surface of the post-oral region is formed a cap-like shell and an encircling ridge, which gradually increases in prominence and becomes the freely depending mantle-skirt.
ceramic	It mixed with the rain to drip pink puddles on the ceramic floor.
cephalothorax	Growth is accompanied by a succession of moults, the spider emerging from its old skins by means of a fracture which extends along the front and sides of the cephalothorax just beneath the edge of the carapace.
cerberus	The third and twelfth labours may be solar, the horned hind representing the moon, and the carrying of Cerberus to the upper world an eclipse, while the last episode of the hero's tragedy is possibly a complete solar myth developed at Trachis.
ceramics	Kato is regarded as the father of Japanese ceramics.
ceratodus	These are the Ceratodus Forsteri and the Port Jackson shark.
cereal	Maybe a bowl of cereal would help.
cercaria	By a process of infolding, the thicker end is partially invaginated, the middle portion or hind-body and the organism may now present a superficial likeness to a cercaria.
cere	This baptism may not be conferred until the candidate has reached an age of discrimination and capacity to remember obligations, p y cere seven years being fixed as the earliest age, but it is generally deferred until manhood.
ceramist	I had been working as a professional ceramist for ten years when I first heard about the potters' markets of mainland Europe.
cerebellar	The localization of function in the cerebral and in the cerebellar cortex has doubtless been the main cause of this progress, and has proceeded poi passu with an extended insight into the structure and connexions of the parts concerned.
cerebellum	The cerebellum receives paths from most, if not from all, of the afferent roots.
cerebrum	Man, The compared with other animals, has the fewest inherited mental mechanisms or instincts and at the same time of the the largest cerebrum in proportion to the size of his Past.
ceremoniously	Everyone moved closer as Fitzgerald ceremoniously opened the box.
ceremonialism	In 1629 Prynne came forward as the assailant of Arminianism in doctrine and of ceremonialism in practice, and thus drew down upon himself the anger of Laud.
ceremony	We should never stand upon ceremony with sincerity.
ceremonious	The anciennes cohues de France, gay, familiar and military, gave place to a stilted court life, a perpetual adoration, a very ceremonious and very complicated ritual, in which the demigod pontificated even in his dressing-gown.
ceremonially	Under the OT Law a woman was declared ceremonially unclean during menstruation.
cereus	In one group, represented by Cereus, they consist of a tube, more or less elongated, on the outer surface of which, towards the base, are developed small and at first inconspicuous scales, which gradually 0000 FIG.
ceremonial	First came the ceremonial of degradation.
cerise	I was faintly amused by her decision to color the pilgrims in bright colors tho, cerise tops and gold trousers!
cerium	Cerous sulphide, Ce2S3, results on heating cerium with sulphur or cerium oxide in carbon bisulphide vapour.
certain	I feel certain of it.
certainly	She certainly didn't feel any different.
cern	I lack con vic tion that I've picked a cause a verr edly worth y of con CERN.
cerebral	The skull is abnormally thick and the cerebral capacity small.
certifiable	All raw material used in manufacture is of high standard, and fully certifiable.
cerous	By the addition of caustic soda to cerous salts, a white precipitate of cerous hydroxide is formed.
certification	If you're unsure about a place, ask to see the certification documents.
certificated	In Great Britain trained and certificated nurses generally belong to a society or association.
certifier	The handler and organic certifier are displayed on the organic food labels as part of the accountability of these standards.
century	We're living in the 21st century, Mary.
certify	Ideally, however, governments should certify the authenticity of the CAs public key.
certitude	Some people need all the facts and figures before they act; they require certitude about everything from trends to markets before they launch a product.
cerulean	Before entering, he looked up at the cerulean fall sky once more to feel the sun.
certiorari	It may transfer any case to the supreme court or the supreme court may assume jurisdiction of any of its cases by issuing a writ of certiorari, but otherwise its decrees are final.
cerumen	Dr. Baguant, ENT specialist comments, Cotton buds can cause the formation of cerumen plugs by pushing cerumen toward the tympanic membrane.
certainty	Nothing is known with certainty as to the date or author.
cesium	It burns with a brilliant blue flame - the name cesium derives from the sky-blue lines in its spectrum.
certificate	He even had a birth certificate for me.
cervical	Thirteen to fifteen cervical vertebrae.
cess	The poor-rate and the county cess, which latter was mostly paid by the tenants, were consolidated, and an agricultural grant of £730,000 was voted by parliament in order to relieve both parties.
cesspool	It compared the earth to a cesspool.
cesspit	There is no municipal water-supply, and the main drain of the city discharges into the lower pool of Siloam, which has become an open cesspit.
certified	The matter was thereupon certified to the Supreme Court.
cetacean	It is the commonest cetacean in the seas round the British Isles, and not infrequently ascends the Thames, having been seen as high as Richmond; it has also been observed in the Seine at Neuilly, near Paris.
cessation	Its cessation greatly increased disaffection.
cession	The only result of his enterprise was the abortive treaty for the cession to France of Zula, now in the Italian colony of Eritrea.
cervix	Some experts suggest that treatments for Candida, which involve the application of cream or a pessary directly into the vagina, may affect the pH of the vaginal canal and can also affect the transportation of sperm along the cervix.
ceylonese	Of particular zoological interest in this connexion is a Ceylonese genus Dyscritina, in which the cercopods are long, many-jointed and filiform during the early stages of growth, and only assume at the last moult the forcipate structure characteristic of the family.
cet	And Figure 18 shows that GW, represented by a northern hemisphere temperature anomaly, is an important factor in the high annual CET values since 1988.
cfc	Under CFC's recommendation, cable TV operators can offer telephony via their networks.
cha	This page gives an overview of all articles in the 1911 Brittanica which are alphabetized under Cha to Cha.
cestode	In such an event, a Cestode cannot replace the injured or severed portion.
chablis	Eating a freshly picked crab salad on the beach with a glass of chilled Chablis is one of the great pleasures in life.
chafe	Fit is everything when it comes to buying baby kids shoes, and it's important to make sure that your baby's new shoes won't pinch or chafe.
chad	The southern basin of Chad is described under the Shari, which empties its waters into the lake about the middle of the southern shore, forming a delta of considerable extent.
chagrin	Having been beaten in a trial of soothsaying, Calchas died of chagrin or committed suicide.
ch	Enclosed within the Tatar city is the Hwang ch' eng, or Imperial city, which in its turn encloses the Tsze-kin ch' eng, or Forbidden city, in which stands the emperor's palace.
chaffinch	The chaffinch breeds early in the season, and its song may often be heard in February.
chaffy	In Compositae besides the involucre there are frequently chaffy and setose bracts at the base of each flower, and in Dipsacaceae a membranous tube surrounds each flower.
chafer	Note the large scutellum and shiny appearance compared with the Noble Chafer left.
chaining	At a subsequent confederation, held at Lublin in June, Zebrzydowski was reinforced by another great nobleman, Stanislaus Stadnicki, called the Devil, who had more crimes on his conscience than hairs on his head, and was in the habit of cropping the ears and noses of small squires and chaining his serfs to the walls of his underground dungeons for months at a time.
chaff	These are thrown into a basket containing chaff made from the capsules.
chairperson	The Chairperson, or in his/her absence the Vice-Chairperson, shall preside at all meetings of the Committee.
chairwoman	As the former chairwoman of Liberty, I was against ID cards.
chairmanship	In the turmoil over the ` Trent' affair, it was Sumner's word that convinced Lincoln that Mason and Slidell must be given up, and that reconciled the public to that inevitable step. Again and again Sumner used the power incident to his chairmanship to block action which threatened to embroil the United States in war with England and France.
chalcedonic	Optical examination of many chalcedonic minerals by French mineralogists has shown that they are aggregates of various fibrous crystalline bodies differing from each other in certain optical characters, whence they are distinguished as separate minerals under such names as calcedonite,pseudocalcedonite,quartzine, lutecite and lussatite.
chalcocite	The mining product next in value to coal in 1908 was copper, taken chiefly in Carbon county in a zone of brecciated quartzite underlying schist, the original ore being chalcopyrite, with possibly some pyrite, a secondary enrichment, which has produced important bodies of chalcocite in the upper workings, but these are replaced by chalcopyrite at greater depth.
chalcopyrite	The copper is mostly a copper glance passing into chalcopyrite; it is found in fissure veins with granite.
chalet	We stayed in a chalet style hostel with a toasty log fire.
chalcedony	Well-worn pebbles of amorphous quartz (agate, chalcedony, jasper, &c.) are found in the stratified drift along the western side of the Tertiary region of the state, and from Columbus northward.
chain	That's the real chain of events.
challenge	I like a challenge once in a while.
chair	He leaned forward in his chair, sobering.
challenger	He dispatched the last challenger and strode toward her, eyes roving for more opponents.
chalice	According to the decisions of the Congregation of Rites chasubles must not be of linen, cotton or woollen stuffs, but of silk; though a mixture of wool (or linen and cotton) and silk is allowed if the silk completely cover the other material on the outer side; spun glass thread, as a substitute for gold or silver thread, is also forbidden, owing to the possible danger to the priest's health through broken fragments falling into the chalice.
chairman	He served as chairman of many commissions dealing with public health, prohibition, and labour.
chalkboard	You need to order from a chalkboard menu at the entrance to the cafe and then pay for your meal.
challis	Two years later he succeeded Challis as director of the Observatory, where he resided until his death.
chalky	Other paints are so matt that the finish looks almost chalky.
cham	In the narrative of William Rubruquis (1253), though distinct reference is made to the conquering Gur Khan under the name of Coir Cham of Caracatay, the title of King John is assigned to Kushluk, king of the Naimans, who had married the daughter of the last lineal representative of the gur khans.(fn 2) And from the remarks which Rubruquis makes in connexion with this King John, on the habit of the Nestorians to spin wonderful stories out of nothing, and of the great tales that went forth about King John, it is evident that the intelligent traveller supposed this king of the Naimans to be the original of the widely spread legend.
chalybeate	Cannstatt, which was incorporated with Stuttgart in 1903, attracts numerous visitors owing to its beautiful situation on the Neckar and its saline and chalybeate springs.
chalk	Let's chalk it up to an inactive spring.
chameleon	With the exception of the chameleon, all drag their body over the ground, the limbs being wide apart, turned outwards and relatively to the bulk of the body generally weak.
chambermaid	The head chambermaid was in her 40's the rest of us were still at school.
chambered	Thus, while the long barrow is characteristic of the Stone Age, it is impossible to tell without direct examination whether it may be chambered or unchambered, or whether the burials within it may be those of burnt or of unburnt bodies.
chambray	Light weight or see-through fabrics like chambray or chintz, make for beautiful window swags or sheer curtains.
champaign	The state provides for higher education in the University of Illinois, situated in the cities of Champaign and Urbana.
champion	He was Queen Catherine's confessor and her only champion and advocate.
chamois	The forests are well stocked with game, deer, chamois (in the Alps), wild boars, capercailzie, grouse, pheasants, &c. being plentiful.
chamberlain	Robert Parys, chamberlain of North Wales under Henry IV., is often given as their godfather.
challenging	You are challenging me already.
chancellor	As usual when dealing with weaker nations, the German chancellor resorted to intimidation.
chancellery	The duchy received a constitution of its own, and was governed for the elector by a marshal (Landmarschall, after 1480 Landdrost) who was also stadtholder, and presided over the Westphalian chancellery.
champ	Read on to see what the heavyweight champ 's attorney has to say.
chancel	Shakespeare is buried in the chancel of Holy Trinity church, his wife lying next to him.
chancer	He hopes to depict David Cameron as a hollow chancer with ' namby-pamby policies on chocolate oranges ' .
championship	The last minute of the championship soccer game felt eternal because of the high stakes.
chamber	You remember the chamber where you were earlier?
chancellorship	He now began to be regarded as the chief upholder of Protestantism in the ministry; he lost favour with Charles, and on Sunday, the 9th of September 1673, was dismissed from the chancellorship. Among the reasons for this dismissal is probably the fact that he opposed grants to the king's mistresses.
chancery	In an act of 1534, with regard to ecclesiastical appeals from the courts of the archbishops to the crown, it is provided that the appeal shall be to the king in Chancery, and that upon every such appeal a commission shall be directed under the great seal to such persons as shall be named by the king's highness, his heirs or successors, like as in cases of appeal from the Admiralty Court.
change	Sometimes we have to accept change, if we want to move forward.
chandelier	The golden chandelier lit up the ballroom with its many candles.
chance	You had your chance to solve it on your own.
changeable	Its situation near the high cordillera gives it a cold, changeable climate.
champagne	You can almost hear the champagne corks popping.
chandlery	They also have a chandlery that is open everyday.
changeful	Rome, determined its changeful fortunes.
chandelle	Marabou and chandelle feathers weigh down the hem and sleeves of this robe.
chandler	Amongst those who replied to him were Richard Bentley, Edward Chandler, bishop of Lichfield, and Thomas Sherlock, afterwards bishop of London, who also attacked Woolston.
changer	The use of a twist grip gear changer leaves the bars looking much less cluttered.
chant	Remember when we used to chant that?
chanson	The Chanson de Roland, which cannot be posterior to the First Crusade - for the poem never alludes to it - already contains the idea of the Holy War against Islam.
changeling	They carry off children, leaving changeling substitutes, transport men and women into fairyland, and are generally the causes of all mysterious phenomena.
chanter	Also mouth blown uilleann pipe practice chanter as used to be supplied by hobgoblin.
channeling	Copy their look or create your own sexy long locks by channeling a few ideas with your stylist.
chaos	The country is in chaos right now.
chanticleer	All climates agree with brave Chanticleer.
chanteuse	A combination of old time chanteuse vocals and heaps of modern attitude, Amy Winehouse is one to watch.
chantry	The college is sometimes described as being different from other colleges in being merely a large chantry to pray for the souls of the dead warriors.
chaotic	Chaotic conditions followed the war.
chap	Butler on the soul may be studied in chap. i.
changing	She cleaned up as much as possible without changing clothes.
chaplaincy	He took priests' orders and appears to have held the chaplaincy of St Matthews, Dundee, but in March 1539 he was accused of heresy, apparently for having, in conjunction with his brothers, written some anti-Catholic ballads.
chaplet	Chaplet has patented a muffle or tube furnace, similar in principle, for use on a larger scale, with a number of electrodes placed above and below the muffle-tube.
channel	The correct channel has been programmed into it.
chaplain	Soon after 1509 he was appointed a member of 'the royal council and chaplain to Henry VIII.
chapman	The two exchanged pleasantries and blatant flirtations as they walked to Chapman's, an upscale men's clothier.
char	The type of string literals is array of char.
character	It was totally out of character for her.
chaps	Their work was exemplary on several occasions, so I said Come on chaps. Let's go to Paris for the weekend.
characterize	These changes characterize the Merovingian age of Frankish history.
chapel	The chapel is upstairs.
characterless	Or more characterless rows of unsightly, fast growing shrubs, festooned with litter and punctuated by the odd illegally dumped fridge.
characterization	Gamers decide how to act and respond based on their characterization.
charcoal	He glanced up, a twinkle in the charcoal gaze.
charade	Create charade topics based on the holiday season.
characteristically	Of birds, several parrots and other genera are characteristically Papuan and are unknown east of the Solomons.
charge	I will be in charge of your initiation.
chard	Chard and Bromhead, numbered about 80 men of the 24th regiment, and they had in hospital between 30 and 40 men.
charcuterie	After much deliberation we decided to start off with a platter of fabulous Spanish charcuterie.
chapter	But a new chapter in her life was now to open.
chargeable	The expenses of the family, including the education of the children, are chargeable alike upon the property of either or both.
charger	I left mine in the truck on the charger last night.
charisma	His predecessor lulled people into trusting him with charisma and magic.
chariot	His enemies were men of the early iron age, and used the chariot in war.
charioteer	There was no seat, and generally only room for the combatant and his charioteer to stand in.
characteristic	Grand is the characteristic, in their conception, of some special animals called heroes.
charismatic	He's so charismatic; he's got such a great sense of humor.
charitably	The king's ardent desire that diversities of minds and opinions should be done away with and unity be charitably established was further promoted by publishing in 1543 A Necessary Doctrine and Erudition for any Christian Man, set forth by the King's Majesty of England, in which the tenets of medieval theology, except for denial of the supremacy of the bishop of Rome and the unmistakable assertion of the supremacy of the king, were once more restated.
charlatan	The king himself was indeed a semi-idiot, scarce responsible for his actions, yet his was the era of such striking personalities as the brilliant charlatan Struensee.
charging	Dean said, jumping up and charging toward Baratto, who began to backpedal.
charlatanry	This last reason, while probably most effective with the judges, only stirred up more furiously the fury in Schopenhauer's breast, and his preface is one long fulmination against the ineptitudes and the charlatanry of his bête noire, Hegel.
charm	Her father's wealth had come from his whore-daughter's ability to charm any man she chose.
charlock	Successful trials of sulphate of copper solution as a means of destroying charlock in corn crops took place in the years 1898-1900.
charlatanism	In particular he allows that there was at any rate enough of charlatanism in Protagoras and Hippias to prevent any ardour for their historical reputation, that the sophists generally had in their lifetime more success than they deserved, that it was antagonism to their teaching which developed the genius of Socrates, and, above all, that, in his anxiety to do justice to the Sophist, Grote laid more stress than is at all necessary on the partisanship of Plato.
charmingly	The town is charmingly situated on a small plateau, 1680 ft.
charmer	This charmer is my brother, Dusty, Bianca's mate.
charmeuse	The bodies are styled in light crepe georgette with contrasting pink charmeuse trim.
charleston	In 1733 he had established a press in Charleston, South Carolina, and soon after did the same in Lancaster, Pa., in New Haven, Conn., in New York, in Antigua, in Kingston, Jamaica, and in other places.
charmless	It's uninspiringly generic, but delivered with such cumbersome and charmless aggression that it soon becomes irksome, even risible in places.
chart	He dropped her chart on the table.
charter	All right, I'll charter a plane for the morning.
charitable	The city has a highly developed system of charitable and corrective institutions.
charlie	It had nothing to do with Charlie illicitly selling PMF weapons overseas.
charring	If charring begins to happen, turn down the heat and flip the meat.
charity	You must have a genius for charity as well as for anything else.
charterer	In most chartered situations it is the charterer who remains responsible for employing local stevedores.
chartist	His family did not like the idea of his being a Chartist rhymer.
chartreuse	This establishment near Alexandria was, as it were, the Grande Chartreuse of their order.
chase	I don't mean to chase you out.
chary	Likewise be very chary of Flash animation, or splash pages at all.
charming	You can be so charming when you want to be.
charterhouse	William Gifford Palgrave (1826-1888) went to India as a soldier after a brilliant career at Charterhouse School and Trinity College, Oxford; but, having become a Roman Catholic, he was ordained priest and served as a Jesuit missionary in India, Syria, and Arabia.
chartism	On the 10th of April 1848, a day famous in the history of Chartism, Ruskin was married at Perth to Euphemia Chalmers Gray, a lady of great beauty, of a family long intimate with the Ruskins.
charybdis	As was natural, when he sought to steer a middle course between the Scylla of royalism and the Charybdis of Jacobinism, disturbances were to be expected on both sides of the consular ship of state.
chaser	The European Space Agency launched its comet chaser Rosetta in March 2004, which will rendezvous with 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko in 2014.
chasing	They were chasing her.
chassis	It shows how to build a teardrop trailer chassis (base or foundation) at home without the need for welding.
chasseur	Allowing for certain battalions unformed, there are altogether 309 nizam battalions; 20 separate chasseur battalions, of four companies each; 4 special chasseur battalions stationed on the Bulgarian frontier - total, 333 battalions in the first line.
chasm	On a mountain near their city, there was a narrow chasm or hole in the rocks.
chaste	In his personal conduct he was chaste, temperate and sincerely pious.
chasse	Chasse - Similar to a grapevine without the feet crossing, one foot moves to the side, the other chases it (placing alongside the first) and the first moves again.
chastity	In honoring her beliefs regarding chastity – even when he didn't agree, he had expressed his respect for her.
chastise	He looked up at her, obviously afraid she would further chastise him.
chartered	The city was chartered in 1876.
chastisement	He answered without chastisement, but a half-awake voice.
chattel	He'd not just claimed her in deed but had the nerve to brand her like chattel as well!
chateaubriand	She renounced once for all the asceticism and isolation of the De imitatione for the more genial and sympathetic Christianity of Chateaubriand.
chasuble	Note the absence of the mitre, the chasuble short or tucked up in front, the maniple still carried in the left hand.
chateau	She spent the summer at the chateau with a brilliant company; in the autumn she journeyed to Italy accompanied by Schlegel and Sismondi, and there gathered the materials of her most famous work, Corinne.
chatter	The Frenchman's chatter which had previously amused Pierre now repelled him.
chauffeur	If you are not booking a travel package, which includes a private chauffeur or tour guide, be sure to let others know about your whereabouts.
chauvinism	She couldn't yet determine if the action were pure chauvinism or old-fashioned civility.
chatterbox	This is never the case with my daughter, who is always a real chatterbox.
chat	We're having a nice little chat about trust.
chatty	Molly is fun to be around, chatty and inquisitive and far less reserved than at our first meeting.
chaw	Weller sat back and took another chaw from his tuna salad sandwich, brushing a few crumbs from his chin.
chauvinistic	That's an unforgiving male chauvinistic attitude!
cheapen	Higher efficiencies also cheapen electricity charges and benefit the environment.
cheat	I love Cynthia and I don't want to cheat on her.
cheapness	To buy in the cheapest market and sell in the dearest; to secure cheapness by lowering the expenses of production; to adopt the less expensive rather than the more expensive method of obtaining a given result - these and other maxims are as old as human society.
checkbook	I handled the checkbook from the very first.
cheaply	The houses are for the most part low and cheaply built, and the streets are narrow, badly paved, irregular and dirty.
cheapskate	Being a fellow cheapskate, I just have to agree.
checkered	At length the sun's rays have attained the right angle, and warm winds blow up mist and rain and melt the snowbanks, and the sun, dispersing the mist, smiles on a checkered landscape of russet and white smoking with incense, through which the traveller picks his way from islet to islet, cheered by the music of a thousand tinkling rills and rivulets whose veins are filled with the blood of winter which they are bearing off.
cheater	If he catches you, then you will look like the cheater!
checklist	Keep a checklist of your dryer expecations with you when you go shopping.
checker	I use the spelling checker on the Google toolbar.
checkpoint	Each team of four was again required to locate a checkpoint.
checkers	The black checkers are flat and the white ones curved on top.
checkerboard	Retro bathrooms make use of chrome fixtures and black-and-white checkerboard tiles.
checkmate	This inability to move is called a checkmate.
cheek	She touched his cheek gingerly.
cheep	Its cheep compared to the other units on the market but it also looks and feels very cheep.
cheddar	He also interested himself in a variety of schemes for the advancement of the social and religious welfare of the community, including the establishment of the Association for the Better Observance of Sunday, the foundation, with Hannah More, of schools at Cheddar, Somersetshire, a project for opening a school in every parish for the religious instruction of children, a plan for the education of the children of the lower classes, a bill for securing better salaries to curates, and a method for disseminating, by government help, Christianity in India.
checked	I haven't checked it today.
cheerful	How cheerful it is to hear of!
cheeky	I just think Simon has got a real cheeky grin!
cheerfully	The boy laughed cheerfully and jumped out.
check	Why not check it out?
cheerfulness	There was a natural sense of cheerfulness to her that she liked.
cheerio	At the end you feel sad to say cheerio to your new friend.
cheery	Captain Keller met us in the yard and gave me a cheery welcome and a hearty handshake.
cheering	I had more cheering visitors than the last.
cheeseburger	He grabbed a cheeseburger and took a huge bite, glancing up.
cheer	A cheer went up from the squad room.
cheesecloth	Next, strain the contents of the bottle through a cheesecloth, mesh strainer or coffee filter to make sure no bits of rind make it through.
cheetah	The fauna includes the lion, leopard, cheetah, elephant, giraffe, rhinoceros, hippopotamus, buffalo, zebra, kudu and many other kinds of antelope, wild pig, ostrich and crocodile.
cheesecake	Dinner was good and rounded off with a nice piece of chocolate cheesecake.
checking	I've got people checking sales.
chela	A common modification of the chief ramus of the Arthropod parapodium is the chela or nipper formed by the elongation of the penultimate joint of the ramus, so that the last joint works on it FIG.
chelate	The first pair of limbs is often chelate or prehensile, rarely antenniform; whilst the second, third and fourth may also be chelate, or may be simple palps or walking legs.
cheesy	It is long and somewhat cheesy, but it is very informative.
chelae	Little is known of the form of the appendages in the lowest archaic Arachnida, but the tendency of those of the prosomatic somites has been (as in the Crustacea) to pass from a generalized bi-ramose or multi-ramose form to, that of uni-ramose antennae, chelae and walking legs.
cheese	What kind of cheese did you use in the omelet?
chemist	Klaproth was the leading chemist of his time in Germany.
chemistry	I think it's something about my body chemistry that they don't like.
chef	By 1794 he was adjutant-general (with the rank of chef de brigade).
chelsea	It is situated on a peninsula between the Mystic and Chelsea rivers, and Charlestown and East Boston, and is connected with East Boston and Charlestown by bridges.
chemoprophylaxis	Forms of treatment Pharmacists need to understand the reasons for giving chemoprophylaxis.
chemise	The garment doing duty as a chemise is called a pirahan; it is, with the lower orders, of white or blue calico, and comes down to the middle of the thigh, leaving the leg nude.
chemical	The advances were not merely mechanical but chemical as well.
chemicals	The manufactures include paraffin, paper, glass, chemicals, flour and whisky, and freestone is quarried.
chemically	Metals may unite chemically both with metals and with non-metals.
chemotactic	The inability to enter the cells may be due to the lack of chemotactic bodies, to incapacity to form cellulose-dissolving enzymes, to the existence in the hostcells of antagonistic bodies which neutralize or destroy the acids, enzymes or poisons formed by the hyphae, or even to the formation and excretion of bodies which poison the Fungus.
cheque	With your name in place, no one else can use the gift cheque.
chemotaxis	In the mutual behaviour of such cells, toxins, and antitoxins, and again of microbes themselves, we may demonstrate even on the field of the microscope some of the modes of such actions, which seem to partake in great measure at any rate of a chemical quality (agglutinins, coagulins, chemotaxis).
cheongsam	Ancient Moods sells a variety of qi pao and cheongsam at affordable prices.
chemotherapeutic	These patients were treated with a new systemic chemotherapeutic regimen PEACE therapy.
chenille	Effects provide the flocking subtle chenille you'd hate to with the.
cherish	I want to protect and cherish you.
chequered	The most brilliant period of their chequered history, the period which includes the rise of communes, the exchange of municipal liberty for despotism and the gradual discrimination of the five great powers (Milan, Venice, Florence, the Papacy and the kingdom of Naples), now begins.
cherry	Cherry blossoms are in bloom for a short period.
chemotherapy	Cancer patients receiving chemotherapy are often nauseated.
cherubic	She was recognizable then for her long blond hair and cherubic face.
chert	Celts, of the usual late neolithic type, were generally of green jasper; hoe-blades (looking almost exactly like palaeolithic haches a main) of chert or coarse limestone; hammers of granite; mace-heads, of identical type with the early Egyptian, of diorite and limestone; nails of obsidian or smoky quartz, often beautifully made.
cherub	Probably the cherub has passed through several phases.
cherubim	In Ezekiel the throne of Yahweh is borne up on Cherubim, the noise of whose wings is like thunder.
chessboard	She regarded the world as a chessboard.
chersonese	In 455 Tolmides ravaged Laconia and secured Naupactus on the Corinthian gulf; in 4544 Pericles himself defeated the Sicyonians, and made a descent upon Oeniadae at the mouth of the gulf, and in 453 conducted a cleruchy to the Thracian Chersonese.
chervil	Broccoli and radishes grow well, turnips (but not every year), lettuce and chervil succeed sometimes, but parsley cannot be reared.
chested	We weren't sure if this was a case of being flat chested, or what.
chevalier	Baron de Reiffenberg, Le Chevalier au cygne et Godfrey de Bouillon (Brussels, 2 vols., 1846-1848), in Mon.
chevron	Click the double chevron to add all the fields in your table to the form.
cheviot	On Rennes Island in the fjord, over against the town, there is a Cheviot sheep-breeding farm under government auspices.
chevy	When Dean saw the flashing lights behind him he was startled until he recognized the white Chevy Blazer, the sheriff's car, and his reaction turned from concern to a smile.
chess	Connor suggested a chess match.
chewy	It was not the chewy ship food.
chew	Did you chew her out in front of everyone?
chez	Lesagef has shown that the height of certain plants is decreased by cultivation in a saline soil, and that the leaves of iLesage, Recherches exphrimentales sur les modifications de, feuilles chez les plantes maritimes, in Rev. gen.
chewable	Raw chicken bones are more flexible and chewable, so they are easier to digest.
chewer	Red Kong dog toys provide lots of fun and chewing action for the average chewer.
chest	His broad chest and shoulders looked powerful.
chiaroscuro	His colouring for the most part is unpleasing, partly owing to his violent treatment of skies with crude blues and orange, and his chiaroscuro usually is much exaggerated.
chestnut	The olive and chestnut are the chief fruits.
chianti	In central Italy the best growths are those of Chianti, Pomino, Montalcino, Carmignano and Montepulciano.
chicane	I had a bit of a problem with gear selection coming out of the final chicane, which cost me some time.
chicanery	She would have seen much political chicanery in our United Kingdom.
chick	When the puffin chick hatches, it is fed by the parents until it is ready to fly.
chickweed	Chickweed ointment can also sooth irritated skin when it is applied once or twice daily.
chief	He was the chief ruler of that great city.
chicory	Liqueurs, chicory, chocolate, candles, hats, boots and shoes, and woollen and linen goods are also made, and tanning is practised.
chide	She didn't chide me for calling early.
chiefship	As in some other Pacific islands, when a son is born the chiefship passes to him, but the father continues to govern as regent.
chieftainship	In 1592 Hugh abdicated in favour of his son Hugh Roe O'Donnell (see below); but there was a member of the elder branch of the family who resented the passing of the chieftainship to the descendants of Manus O'Donnell's second marriage.
chieftain	The office of chieftain is sometimes held by women.
chicken	It smelled of chicken and rice and something sweet.
chignon	Doll hair that is molded in a chignon style was made about 1860.
chiffon	It is pale blue, trimmed with chiffon of the same color.
childbed	Especially feared among many peoples are the souls of those who have committed suicide or died a violent death; the woman who dies in childbed is held to become a demon of the most dangerous kind; even the unburied, as restless, dissatisfied spirits, are more feared than ordinary ghosts.
chihuahua	New Mexico was occupied without opposition; Chihuahua was occupied, but not held, owing to the.
childish	It was a childish thing for her to do.
childhood	Josh had been her childhood playmate.
childishness	He showed his disdain for our childishness.
childlike	She looked at him inquiringly and with childlike reproach.
childless	Dean was childless but Cynthia was mother to a twenty-year-old college student.
childbearing	Net family income at age 33 was lower for both teenage mothers and fathers than for those who delayed childbearing.
children	A house without children is not a home.
chic	Megan is one of the chic fighters.
childbirth	She died in childbirth about a year later.
chill	There was a chill in the breeze now.
chiliasm	The old Christian eschatology is set aside; no one has dealt such deadly blows to Chiliasm and Christian apocalypticism as Origen.
chilly	It can get chilly here at night.
child	This child has a wonderful gift.
chillingly	Shriver has smug liberal baby boomers in her crosshairs and Kevin is a chillingly good shot.
chilling	Rhyn gave a chilling chuckle.
chimerical	Biot - who loved and admired him as a son - publicly announced that his enterprise was chimerical and the problem insoluble; Dumas evidently thought so too, for he advised Pasteur not to spend more of his time on such a subject.
chime	The wind chime above the door tinkled.
chiefly	Moscow is chiefly busy with gossip, he continued.
chimera	Vanquishing world child hunger and starvation might only be a chimera.
chin	He lifted her chin with one finger.
chimaera	Bellerophon,mounted on Pegasus(q.v.),kept up in the air out of the way of the Chimaera, but yet near enough to kill it with his spear, or, as he is at other times represented,with his sword or with a bow.
china	A matching china cabinet held fine china, crystal and silverware.
chimere	About the same period, too, arose the custom of making the rochet sleeveless and attaching the lawn sleeves to the chimere.
chimp	It's almost natural that humans would want to buy a baby chimp to keep as a pet.
chine	Bullock, Competitive Examinations in China (Nineteenth Century, July 1894); and Etienne Zi, Pratique des examens litteraires en Chine (Shanghai, 1894).
chinaman	The miners are all Kachins, and the right to collect the jade duty of 331 is farmed out by government to a lessee, who has hitherto always been a Chinaman.
chinatown	Residents of the city's Chinatown district are living in fear from the growing gang violence.
chinchilla	It typifies not only the genus Chinchilla, but the family Chinchillidae, for the distinctive features of which see RODENTIA.
chimpanzee	Characteristic are the giraffe, the chimpanzee and the ostrich.
chimney	Such an unlikely spot for a home site, and yet, the remains of a chimney gave indisputable proof that one had existed at some point.
chinook	These winds are known as Chinook winds.
chinstrap	We saw elephant seals and chinstrap penguins that were totally unfazed by our presence.
chipmunk	On the Coastal Plain are the musk-rat, the eastern cotton-tail, chipmunk, grey fox, common mole and Virginia opossum.
chintz	Flowered chintz or soft chenille looks great as slipcovers and throw pillows.
chipboard	Alternatively the cabinets can be supplied with stainless steel, aluminum, marine ply or chipboard backboards.
chippings	We tried bark chippings last year, and an area of ` chamomile lawn ' (more chamomile ` patch ' ).
chipper	Landon's response was chipper despite his severe features.
chippy	A suitable building has been found which is ideally situated right on the edge of the estate next door to the local chippy!
chip	It has a chip in the handle.
chippendale	Chippendale, Christopher Stonehenge Complete (Thames and Hudson, London, 2004) ISBN 0500284679.
chiromancy	Free palm readings can offer beginners an excellent opportunity to explore the world of palmistry while developing a relationship with their new chiromancy counselor.
chirpy	I wasn't too chirpy on the bus on the way home from the exam.
chiropody	These clinics provide services to community including chiropody, Health Visiting and Baby Clinics.
chiropractic	For example, chiropractic care, acupuncture, and massage are not homeopathic treatments but do fall under the title of alternative treatments in many instances.
chiropractor	Tom went to the chiropractor because his back was constantly achy.
chirp	His happy little chirp is one of our most familiar bird sounds.
chiselled	A still higher achievement is to apply to the chiselled base designs executed in colored enamels, finally covering the whole with translucid paste.
chit	Thirdly, he had a son whom it would be a pity to entrust to a chit of a girl.
chisel	The tools employed are chisel, gouge and mallet.
chitinous	Sutures are stated to mark off some of these pieces, but in the proper sense of that term as applied to the skeletal structures of the Vertebrata, no sutures exist in the chitinous cuticle of Arthropods.
chiton	Dorsal view of Chiton Wosnessenksii, Midd., showing the eight shells.
chinese	Chinese nurse came to see me, her name was Asu.
chitty	In center ' This Plan is most humbly inscribed to Thomas Chitty Esq Alderman of Tower Street Ward ' .
chitin	In Lingula the shell is composed of alternate layers of chitin and of phosphate of lime.
chive	Try the smoked whale carpaccio with chive sauce and salad!
chloral	Chloral and potassium bromide may be given as physiological antidotes.
chivalrous	Floris was a man of chivalrous character and high.
chloe	Chloe Tells Clark She Knows His Secret - For five years, Chloe Sullivan investigated the weird and the meteor-infected, she learned his secret during the fourth season, but kept it to herself, hoping Clark would eventually trust her.
chloric	The British Pharmacopoeia contains a watery solution - the Aqua Chloroformi - which is useful in disguising the taste of nauseous drugs; a liniment which consists of equal parts of camphor liniment and chloroform, and is a useful counter-irritant; the Spiritus Chloroformi (erroneously known as chloric ether), which is a useful anodyne in doses of from five to forty drops; and the Tinctura Chloroformi et Morphinae Composita, which is the equivalent of a proprietary drug called chlorodyne.
chlorella	Super Green Energy Food is a tablet of green superfoods containing chlorella, Hawaiian blue-green algae, barley and wheat grass, spinach and alfalfa.
chivalry	In English law chivalry meant the tenure of land by knights' service.
chlorate	Hot concentrated nitric acid oxidizes it to picric acid and oxalic acid, whilst on treatment with hydrochloric acid and potassium chlorate it yields chloranil (tetrachloroquinone).
chloramphenicol	All cultures contained 50 µg/ml kanamycin and 34 µg/ml chloramphenicol.
chloroform	It readily forms addition products with chlorine and with hydrogen; the dichloride, C10H8C12, is obtained as a yellow liquid by acting with hydrochloric acid and potassium chlorate; the solid tetrachloride, C,o 11 8 C1 4, results when chlorine is passed into naphthalene dissolved in chloroform.
chlorination	As calciners they are used in tin mines and for the chlorination of silver ores.
chlorophyceae	Chlorophyceae include both marine and freshwater plants.
chloroplast	These substances can, however, be dissolved out in water, and the green coloring matter of the chloroplast then becomes visible.
chlorotic	Lack of other ingredients may also induce chlorotic conditions.
chlorosis	Wharfinger states that in chlorosis the specific action of iron is only obtained by administering those inorganic preparations which give a reaction with the ordinary reagents; the iron ions in a state of dissociation act as a catalytic agent, destroying the hypothetical toxin which is the cause of chlorosis.
choc	It's a very clever variant on the warm chocolate fondant with the molten choc oozing out of the sponge.
chlorophyll	The relation of the chlorophyll to light has been studied by many observers.
choice	At that moment there was a choice to make.
chlorous	Those elements which are disengaged at the negative pole are termed electro-positive, or positive, or basylous elements, whilst those disengaged at the positive pole are termed electro-negative, or negative, or chlorous elements.
chloride	Silver has been discovered in all the states, either alone or in the form of sulphides, antimonial and arsenical ores, chloride, bromide,.
choir	Its church has a choir dating from the fifth century.
choirboy	At this time Herbert became a choirboy and an assistant organist in the local Church.
chlorine	It is occasionally used as a chlorine carrier.
choirmaster	Studying in his youth for the Church, he was admitted to the minor orders in 1539 and ordained deacon in 1541 at Venice; but he soon devoted himself entirely to the study of music under the guidance of Adrian Willaert, then choirmaster at St Mark's.
chock	Sometimes you will be held on the line by marshals or with a wheel chock.
choke	I will choke it with my strong arms.
cholecystectomy	On 6 July, the surgical SHO records the decision to perform a cholecystectomy (surgical removal of the gallbladder ).
choker	A simple choker may complete the outfit or an ensemble of beads may bring some added glamor.
choked	Jenn almost choked on her laugh.
choleric	The last admonition is characteristic, as Shammai was choleric and brusque.
cholecystitis	In 1922 he survived an episode of severe pneumonia, but the following year he developed acute cholecystitis and peritonitis.
cholera	In 1879 a vaccine for cholera was invented.
cholinesterase	They are nerve poisons, inhibiting the enzyme cholinesterase, which can have severe effects on the central nervous system.
choline	There are also reasons for including such compounds as muscarine, choline, neurine and betaine in this group.
chomp	Provided you keep on feeding them they will happily chomp away without the need for other additives.
choose	I had hoped he'd choose your sister.
chooser	If you using a Macintosh disable background printing in the Chooser.
chopper	A chopper landed ahead of them on a wide, flat mesa.
choosy	In order to replace leavers, companies become less choosy in the agents they recruit.
chop	Fine. You chop the wood and I'll make us some iced tea.
cholesterol	The doctor said his cholesterol was high and told him to lay off the fats.
chopsticks	You can also use pencils, chopsticks, snoods and many other options.
choppiness	In about 40% of the games you will encounter graphics issues (ghosting, choppiness), sound issues (choppiness, missing audio), and other problems (no start-up screen).
chops	Your pork chops were a big hit, by the way.
chopping	Yet no part of him regretted the idea of chopping them out of the picture completely.
chorale	Review the lyrics and listen to a chorale performance.
choppy	His words were choppy and faint.
chore	He said he had a chore to do.
chordal	The - - 4X + g tangential area may be expressed in terms of chordal areas.
chocolate	The hot chocolate did its job, but not until well after five o'clock.
choral	Choral writing itself has become different from what it was in the 16th century.
chorea	It is on clinical grounds that beriberi, scarlet fever, measles, &c., are recognized as belonging to the same class, and evolving in phases which differ not in intimate nature but in the more superficial and inessential characters of time, rate and polymorphism; and the impression is gaining strength that acute rheumatism belongs to the group of the infections, certain sore throats, chorea and other apparently distinct maladies being terms of this series.
chordata	It has, in fact, become metamorphosed into a resistant supporting structure resembling in some respects the notochord of the true Chordata, but probably not directly comparable with the latter structure, being related to it solely by way of substitution.
choreograph	Run the process and choreograph it so that the interested parties are progressing roughly at the same rate.
choreographic	Dancers 1 female Choreographic Style Each of the waltzes depicts a different facet of Duncan's personality.
choreographer	Lastly, you can hire a choreographer if it is within your budget.
choreography	Hold for as many counts as the choreography calls for.
chord	Sonya struck the first chord of the prelude.
chorion	Many Gastropoda deposit their eggs, after fertilization, enclosed in capsules; others, as Paludina, are viviparous; others, again, as the Zygobranchia, agree with the Lamellibranch Conchifera (the bivalves) in having simple exits for the ova without glandular walls, and therefore discharge their eggs unenclosed in capsules freely into the sea-water; such unencapsuled eggs are merely enclosed each in its own delicate chorion.
chorister	His younger brother, JOHANN MICHAEL HAYDN (1737-1806), was also a chorister at St Stephen's, and shortly after leaving the choir-school was appointed Kapellmeister at Grosswardein (1755) and at Salzburg (1762).
chorizo	Diayn continued with a millefeuille of seabass with chorizo and herb gnocchi, tomato compote and avocado puree, marinated artichokes.
chorography	These facts are the key to the state's chorography.
chorionic	The embryo passes through three stages - (I) still enclosed within the egg and living on its own yolk; (2) free, within the vitelline mass, which is directly swallowed by the mouth; (3) there is no more vitelline mass, but the embryo is possessed of long external gills, which serve for an exchange of nutritive fluid through the maternal uterus, these gills functioning in the same way as the chorionic villi of the mammalian egg.
chose	There has to be another reason you chose me.
choroid	The middle layer called the choroid can be seen injected black with Indian ink.
chow	They place their puppies directly on adult dog chow.
chough	As characteristic birds of the snow-region may be mentioned the alpine chough (Pyrrhocorax alpinus), which is frequently seen at the summits even of the loftiest mountains, the alpine swift (Cypselus melba), the wallcreeper (Tichodroma muraria), snow-finch (Montifringilla nivalis) and ptarmigan (Lagopus mutus); the geographical distribution of this last being similar to that of the mountain hare.
chorus	A chorus of voices yelled down, asking if there were survivors.
chou	In or near Iioo B.C., Chou Kung, an able mathematician, determined with surprising accuracy the obliquity of the ecliptic; but his attempts to estimate the sun's distance failed hopelessly as being grounded on belief in the flatness of the earth.
chrestomathy	The Evlapok uj folyama, or New Series of Annuals, from 1860 (Budapest, 1868, &c.), is a chrestomathy of prize orations, and translations and original pieces, both in poetry and prose.
chrism	When the pope rode in procession to the station an acolyte, on foot, preceded him, bearing the holy chrism; and at the church seven regionary acolytes with candles went before him in the procession to the altar, while two others, bearing the vessel that contained a pre-consecrated Host, presented it for his adoration.
chrisom	Reservation for the sick and unction of the sick were retained; and exorcism, unction, trine immersion and the chrisom were included in the baptismal service.
chowder	Also, right next door to the hotel, is the popular Blue Mermaid Chowder House.
chosen	Damian couldn't have chosen a better guard.
christen	Women's Editor Christen Pears reports Are we being poisoned by pesticides?
christianization	But the Christianization of the inland Pontic districts began only about the middle of the 3rd century and was largely due to the missionary zeal of Gregory Thaumaturgus, bishop of Neocaesarea.
christianize	She marched through the open door into the Roman state, and settled down there to Christianize the state by imparting to it the word of the Gospel, but at the same time leaving it everything except its gods.
christening	Keepsake gifts include chinaware, the exquisite heirloom collection of christening gowns and romper suits by Collins and Hall and Terramundi money pots.
christendom	He sent embassies to all the princes of Christendom and to the Moors.
christmastime	Read on to get some quick advice on how to find the perfect Christmastime outfit, as well as some great shopping suggestions.
christ	Christ be with you, sir!
chroma	White, black, and grays have no chroma.
christian	The sultan sent him back to the Christian camp, and he passed on to the Holy Land.
christology	Mopsvestia 1 Roman Catholic writers vary greatly in their estimate of Theodoret's christology and of his general orthodoxy.
chromate	Any lead chloride dissolves, and may be identified by the yellow precipitate formed with potassium chromate.
chromatically	A system is said to be chromatically under-corrected when it shows the same kind of chromatic error as a thin positive lens, otherwise it is said to be over-corrected.
christianity	Christianity is a prophetic religion.
chromatic	According to this view the chromatic effects depend entirely upon atmospheric dispersion.
chromaticism	Particularly arresting on this CD was Bull's Ut re mi fa sol la because of its chromaticism.
christmas	On Christmas Eve, we sit in front of the fire and take turns reading Christmas stories.
chromatin	The chromatin is practically identical with nuclein.
chromatography	This includes a wide range of thermal and laser anemometry and gas chromatography.
chrome	There are mines of chrome, mercury, cinnabar, argentiferous lead and rock salt.
chromite	There is chromite in the black sands of the sea-coast and the banks of the larger rivers.
chromic	It is somewhat readily oxidized; nitric acid gives carbonic and oxalic acids, and chromic acid, carbonic and acetic acids.
chromogen	Whether albinoes carry the tyrosinase or other ferment, or whether they carry the chromogen or chromogens, is not yet settled.
chromosomal	However, no excess chromosomal aberrations in circulating human lymphocytes have been observed in patients treated for 8 months.
chromium	Chromium has been discovered in Tasmania also.
chromosphere	This is an upper layer in the solar atmosphere called the chromosphere.
chromospheric	He initiated in 1866 the spectroscopic observation of sunspots; applied Doppler's principle in 1869 to determine the radial velocities of the chromospheric gases; and successfully investigated the chemistry of the sun from 1872 onward.
chronically	This is basically the situation in many of earth's chronically hungry countries.
chromosome	As they pass into this position they undergo a longitudinal splitting by which the chromatin in each chromosome becomes divided into equal halves.
chronicler	The chief authority for the reign is the chronicler Flodoard.
chronographic	Accompanied with a Chronographic movement, this Cabochon fitted crown along with Folding clasp and black Leather bracelet, transforms the watch into an ideal accessory.
chronic	Chronic gastric ulcer is not unfrequently the starting point of cancer.
chronograph	The Number Of Revolutions And The Rise Of Temperature Were Recorded On A Chronograph Drum.
chronicle	The Peterborough Chronicle, not content with voicing this sentiment, gives Eustace a bad character.
communicate	At least she was willing to communicate now.
communicable	We have said that there is a class of experience not communicable by words.
communication	Better communication is a huge step toward peace.
communicant	In receiving it the communicant must not touch the host with his finger; otherwise it loses its virtue.
communicator	Jetr's voice came over the communicator.
communicative	Of things communicable he was at the same time, as we have said, communicative - a genial companion, a generous and loyal friend, ready and eloquent of discourse, impressing all with whom he was brought in contact by the power and the charm of genius, and inspiring fervent devotion and attachment in friends and pupils.
communism	They aimed at communism in all things.
communistic	This was the planting of a colony of communistic per week for which such wages are payable, with the rates for overtime when those hours are exceeded.
commonwealth	The history of the Roman commonwealth illustrates this perhaps better than any other.'
communicating	They were communicating silently.
communist	This Communist party established its own organ, the Rude' Prdivo (The Red Rights), in opposition to the Pravo Lidu (The Rights of the People), the organ of the Social Democratic party.
communitarian	Germanic nudism was a proletarian movement, mostly communitarian and ascetic in style.
commutation	This board may allow commutation or diminution of sentence for good behaviour, meritorious services or exemplary conduct.
commutative	Division.-From the commutative law for multiplication, which shows that 3 X 4d.
commuter	Yet, as she opened the car door, her gaze was drawn to the commuter plane.
comp	Industry was all both workers ' comp on how best.
commutator	Expanding an iterated commutator produces a complicated and long expression.
commute	Unfortunately, the commute to work every day was still excruciating.
compaction	The raised garden also prevents compaction.
compacted	The walls, built of finely compacted blocks, were about 10 ft.
community	To her surprise, the condo community was as quiet as the night she left.
compactor	The fire appears to have been started by a trash compactor located on the first floor exterior of the building, Champagne said.
compactness	These tongues are magnetized by the inducing action of a strong horse-shoe permanent magnet, S N, which is made in a curved shape for the sake of compactness.
compactly	The city is laid out with almost unbroken regularity and is compactly built - the streets running nearly with the cardinal points of the compass.
companionship	The sweet companionship of their children meant much to me.
company	I haven't had any female company in months.
communion	The Communion is celebrated once a month.
companionable	I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.
comparably	By wearing comparably less clothing to a friend's wild swim party you will undoubtedly be the center of attention.
compaq	They have repaired many Acer, Toshiba, Time, Samsung, Fujitsu, Tiny, Compaq, eMachines and Advent laptops.
comparatively	In summer the coat becomes comparatively short.
comparable	The climate is comparable to that of north Italy.
comparably	By wearing comparably less clothing to a friend's wild swim party you will undoubtedly be the center of attention.
comparator	The comparator was an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA ).
comparative	For the next seven or eight years he lived in comparative privacy.
compare	I don't compare you to Josh.
compartment	He popped the glove compartment shut and stared at her.
comparison	I tell this story to make a comparison between modern times and the past.
compass	Use your compass instead of the radar.
compassion	There was compassion in her sparkling gaze despite the gentle humor in her voice.
compassionately	Those eyes, filled with happy tears, gazed at him timidly, compassionately, and with joyous love.
compatible	Maybe he would never find a compatible mate.
compatibility	If in doubt about compatibility, ask a salesperson.
compatriot	I am delighted to meet a compatriot.
compassionate	The compassionate side of me hates to see good people turned bad.
compeer	Chris Brown, tonightÃ¢s compeer unknowingly put my mind at rest as he started his short set.
compelling	The air felt a little heavier around her as he spoke, compelling her attention to him.
compendious	Francis Hyett's Florence (London, 1903) is more recent and compendious; the author is somewhat Medicean in his views, and frequently inaccurate.
compensate	These advantages compensate for the greater first cost.
compel	It uses physical force to compel men to obey the laws.
compendia	The medical literature of this period is extremely voluminous, but essentially second-hand, consisting mainly of commentaries on Hippocrates, Galen, Avicenna and others, or of compilations and compendia still less original than commentaries.
compendium	A useful handbook of Swedenborg's theology is the Compendium of the Theological Writings of Emanuel Swedenborg by the Rev. Samuel Warren (London, 1885).
compensated	The drawback of greater distance was, however, in Gill's opinion, more than compensated by the accuracy with which the observations could be made.
compensatory	Chandler ascertained in 1888 the compensatory nature of these disturbances; 3 and he afterwards found the most important among several which probably conspire to produce the observed effects, to be comprised in a period of 15,000 light-cycles, equivalent to 118 years.
compete	Well, for starters, I'd have had to compete with every other guy in school.
competent	His capabilities as a soldier have been generally recognized by competent authorities.
compere	The compere Tony is brilliant, very amicable guy.
compensator	He had been diving in 7m and had no buoyancy compensator.
compensating	In 1865, however, it was suppressed, and one half of the beni ademprivili was assigned to the state, the other half being given to the communes, with the obligation of compensating those who claimed rights over these lands.
competently	There are few writers who are more in need than Pascal of being fully and competently edited.
competitor	By this time a competitor had entered the field.
competence	So that while we admire the variety of his work, we also admire the competence of his effort.
competitively	Competitively lower rates to approved customers may be available.
compelled	She felt compelled to go there.
competitiveness	In fact, popular children tend to have characteristics associated with both competitiveness and friendliness.
compile	While in France Paulus was requested by Charlemagne to compile a collection of homilies.
compiling	He was officially entrusted in 1542 with the task of compiling a history of Geneva from the earliest times.
complacent	The student grew complacent about the challenges ahead.
compiler	As a map compiler Ptolemy does not take a high rank.
complacence	At first he speaks with complacence of a melee, and reports that he and his men agreed to charge the enemy.
complacency	This boundless complacency was due to policy, not weakness.
compensation	His master clothed and fed him, paid his doctor's fees, but took all compensation paid for injury done to him.
complaint	Have you a complaint to make?
complainer	His response should let you know whether he is just a complainer, has poor conversation skills, or he's after your money.
complainant	With certain exceptions reserved for the provincial court (such as insolvency, ownership of immovable property and divorce), the native high court exercises jurisdiction when all parties to the suit are natives; it also has jurisdiction when the complainant is not a native, but all other parties to the suit are natives.
complaisance	Thanks to the blind complaisance of its democrats and the timid subserviency of its once haughty oligarchs, he became master of its fleet and arsenal (16th of May 1797).
competition	The competition of France ceased for a time to be an important factor.
complement	Each of his twenty-four topics has its complement of stories.
complaisant	Can we really sit back and watch the suffering of a whole nation and be so complaisant?
complain	I have nothing to complain of.
compleat	Vast masses of Walsingham's correspondence are preserved in the Record Office and the British Museum; some have been epitomized in the Foreign Calendar (as far as 1582); and his correspondence during his two embassies to France was published in extenso by Sir Dudley Digges in 1655 under the title The Compleat Ambassador, possibly, as has been suggested by Dr Stahlin, to give a fillip to the similar policy then being pursued by Oliver Cromwell.
complete	It's a nice house, a keen house, complete with a front porch and swing.
competitive	The mandarinate or official class is recruited from all ranks of the people by competitive examination.
completion	On the completion of drilling, or when the production is found to decrease, it is usual to torpedo the well to increase the flow.
complemented	The menu is extensive and is complemented by an excellent wine selection.
compilation	Skeat's Malay Magic (London, 1900) is a compilation of all the writings on the subject of Malay superstitions by the best authorities and contains considerable original matter.
complementary	They show complementary products to the one you are considering.
completed	The piercing was completed in Nov.
completeness	The very completeness of the humiliation of Germany was the means of her deliverance.
complexion	His complexion was dark for a blonde man, as if he spent a lot of time outside.
complex	It was one of many complex issues.
compliant	We also check sites regularly to ensure they remain compliant.
complexly	The whole area of the state was formerly a complexly folded mountainous region of strong relief, which was 2 In addition the state contains approximately 2514 sq.
completely	The house was completely empty.
compliance	If you are in compliance with the law, you must prove it!
complexity	Nor was their complexity a stumbling-block.
complication	Xander, however, was a complication she'd never before run across.
complicity	In the following February, however, Midhat was dismissed and banished for supposed complicity in the murder of Abdul Aziz.
compo	How can you have a retro compo without this game, yep it's JetPac 2003 with a new 3D look.
complicated	If it doesn't look too complicated, maybe I can fix it.
complimentary	She crossed to the small desk and rustled around for the complimentary paper and pen.
complicate	Getting involved would only complicate things.
comply	His refusal to comply with the pope's injunctions led to a renewal of the war.
compline	The omissions are said at Lauds, Prime and Compline.
composed	He looked startled for a moment, and then composed himself.
composite	It appears to be a composite work.
compliment	I'll take that as a compliment on both counts.
composition	We cannot determine the chemical composition of soil simply by touching it.
compositeness	Methods-Literary-Critical-presupposing some Degree of Compositeness in the Book.
composer	You can even browse by composer or title.
composing	Jackson had not been composing much lately.
compositional	Be aware of, and to recognize, the main morphological and compositional features which allow assignation of an individual fossil to each group.
composites	A South African genus of composites requiring very warm sunny spots and rich gritty soil.
composure	He regained his composure, leveled his eyes on the girl and said, You can go now.
compose	Lisa tried to compose her thoughts and expression.
compositor	In 1883 he was apprenticed to the trade of printer and compositor.
compound	I'm not sure we didn't compound problems.
component	The funnel varies greatly in size and number of its component cells.
comprehend	Only a handful of human minds can comprehend his work.
compote	He chose Orange and almond torte with tangy rhubarb compote and yogurt cream.
comprehensively	English institutions had never before been thus comprehensively and dispassionately surveyed.
comprehensiveness	But it is necessary in practice, for historical comprehensiveness, to keep the wider meaning in view.
compress	The city has cotton gins and a cotton compress, and various manufactures.
comprehensible	Her words were barely comprehensible through chattering teeth as she leaned over the stove.
compressibility	It is often impossible to observe the pressure-coefficient dp/de directly, but it may be deduced from the isothermal compressibility by means of the geometrically obvious relation, BE = (BEÃ†C) XEC. The ratio BEÃ†C of the diminution of pressure to the increase of volume at constant temperature, or - dp/dv, is readily observed.
compressible	A gas is a compressible fluid, and the change in volume is considerable with moderate variation of pressure.
compressor	The compressor may be driven by a steam engine or in any other convenient manner.
compromise	She had to compromise between herself and her partner.
comprehension	Comprehension unknotted his brows.
compressed	Compressed air is now driven down the 1-in.
comprehensive	I hope our final in this class is not a comprehensive exam.
comprise	How many comprise the group?
compression	If one end is sharply pressed in, a compression can be seen running along the spring.
compost	This is effected by raising up a small mound of rich compost around it, a contrivance which induces the graft to emit roots into the surface soil.
compunction	He didn't doubt that if it were to her advantage to do so, she'd have no compunction in involving him, however unfairly.
compulsively	People compulsively seek it out, despite all known health reasons not to.
comptroller	The London County Council, according to the statement of its comptroller, was disturbed by the hope expressed by the manager of the company, that the holders of the company's ordinary shares would obtain the par value of their shares in 1911.
compulsorily	When, however, a company desires to construct a line on a commercial scale, to acquire land compulsorily, to divert rivers and streams, to cross roads either on the level or by means of bridges, to pass near houses, to build tunnels or viaducts, and to execute all the other works incidental to a.
compulsive	They advised putting her on a medication for obsessive compulsive disorder.
compulsion	They were at first allowed religious freedom, but became Christians under compulsion in 1300.
computation	The number of eggs laid is enormous, one computation putting it at twenty thousand.
computer	A computer can do some tasks better than a person can.
compulsory	Much, however, is effected towards unification, by compulsory military service, it being the principle that no man shall serve within the military district to which he belongs.
computational	Distributed computing makes enormous computational problems affordable to solve.
computationally	However, before such simulations became computationally feasible, considerable attention was given to the calculation of thermodynamic properties of clusters from the PES.
compute	How do I compute the intersection of two arrays?
computed	There are six hundred plates, but the exact number of species figured (which has been computed at six hundred and sixty-one) is not so easily ascertained.
computerized	A computerized tomography (CT) scan of the brain was normal.
comrade	Before long Boris, Berg's old comrade, arrived.
conation	Cognition is therefore distinct from emotion and conation; it has no psychological connexion with feelings of pleasure and pain, nor does it tend as such to issue in action.
computing	As the Greek and Roman methods of computing time were connected with certain pagan rites and observances which the Christians held in abhorrence, the latter began at an early period to imitate the Jews in reckoning their years from the supposed period of the creation of the world.
concatenation	However, a system that uses segment concatenation does not necessarily need such a synthesizer.
concede	They started to concede defeat in the war.
concavity	The cheek-teeth strongly curved, forming from the base to the summit about a quarter of a circle, the concavity being directed outwards in the upper and inwards in the lower teeth.
conceited	Allen swaggered over to the pool, a conceited smile on his handsome face.
concave	Concave Lenses are used in the treatment of myopia or shortsight.
concealment	Emerging from concealment, Simon settled in Tiberias and in other Galilean cities.
conceal	Yet she was always trying to conceal that passion.
con	He's probably trying to con you out of some dough.
conceit	Camille's conceit about her beauty is quite annoying.
conceivable	That might be a conceivable development of usage.
concealer	In addition to this phenomenal little tube of shine, Max Factor is credited for formulating the first camera worthy makeup in 1912, the original pan cake makeup in the 1930's and the first under eye concealer stick in 1954.
conceivably	A number of separate lays might conceivably be arranged and connected by a man of poetical taste in a manner that would satisfy all requirements.
concept	The whole concept is ridiculous.
concentric	Then come two concentric forecourts of the temple.
concentrically	They are minute structures having a round or oval shape, concentrically striated, and frequently showing a small nucleus-like body or cavity in their centre.
conceptive	For the present purpose it is sufficient to connect the rate of marriage with that of births by using as a basis for the former the number of women of conceptive age, or between 15 and 45 years old.
conceive	It is certainly possible to conceive of a single day without war.
conceptualism	It may be held that they exist merely as conceptions in our minds; this is Nominalism or Conceptualism.
concentrate	It takes work to concentrate and remember.
conceptual	Conceptual logic, on the other hand, is false from the start.
concern	So there's no concern these visions may stop completely?
concentrated	Bianca concentrated on the strange pain.
concerning	He reiterated his concern for the utmost confi­dentiality concerning the location.
conceptually	So my seeing would typically induce me to conceptually identify something on the back of my hand as a dark discoloration.
concert	There's a concert at the arts center.
concentration	Jackson lost concentration in remembering her.
concertina	At one such event he bought an old concertina, and he has been playing for dancing ever since.
concerted	It will take a concerted effort to undo the damage done in the last eight years.
conception	Yet Carmen insisted that any artificial method of conception was sinful – playing God.
concerto	The praise given to his concerto for the violin, which was played at the Conservatoire by Mazas, encouraged him to undertake the resetting of the old comic opera, Julie (1811).
conch	Following in the South Seas tradition of all Pacific Islanders, Conch and Triton seashell horns are always blown to herald the new wedding.
concha	He suppressed the Republican risings with as much severity as he did the military pronunciamientos of Generals Concha and Diego de Leon.
concessionary	Neither the treaty, the additional act, nor the colonial law expressly modified the land, commercial and concessionary regime established in the Congo, but article II.
concessionaire	However, it should be recognized that the existing Tunnel would then be operated by the concessionaire who will receive the tolls income.
concession	This concession involved important consequences.
concierge	The concierge can handle all traveler needs and questions.
conciliator	He had become its leader as a conciliator of the various sections, and it was as a conciliator, ready to sympathize with the strong views of all sections of his following, that he kept the party together, while his colleagues went their own ways in their own departments.
conciliar	In full consciousness of his high-priestly dignity he set his face against these and all similar attempts; and his zeal and firmness in defending the authority and rights of the Holy See against the attacks of the conciliar and national parties within the Church deserve double recognition, in view of the eminently difficult circumstances of that period.
conciliation	Everyone tried a little conciliation.
conciliate	He apparently tried to conciliate his father-in-law in the hope of bringing him into the League of Augsburg.
conclave	He participated in the conclave which followed the death of Innocent VIII.
concision	First of all, poetry is a tool of literary concision.
conclusion	In conclusion she asked her mother if she should like to see very high mountain and beautiful cloudcaps.
conclusive	The x-rays were conclusive and indicated a bad infection in the lower lobe of one lung.
conciliatory	In spite of his conciliatory policy, Clement angered Henry VI.
concisely	It may be interesting to mention, as an illustration of their heterogeneousness, that early in the 20th century a list of no less than fifty languages, spoken in Jerusalem as vernaculars, was there drawn up by a party of men whose various official positions enabled them to possess accurate information on the subject.1 It is therefore no easy task to write concisely and at the same time with sufficient fullness on the ethnology of Palestine.
conciseness	The chief aims of the author are conciseness and clearness (breviter et dilucide scribere).
conclusively	He proved conclusively that any southern continent that might exist lay under the polar ice.
concise	His arguments were concise, simple, and clear.
concoct	I hung up before he could concoct some other scheme.
concoction	You don't want to waste any of this delicious concoction.
concomitance	If we assume that there is a material process at the basis of ideation, we may take the analogy of the concomitance between a spinal reflex movement and a skin sensation.
concerned	I was especially concerned that Howie have outside interests.
conclude	It would be wrong, however, to conclude that moral considerations have led up to this state of things.
concomitant	Corruption is the frequent concomitant of privilege, and thus the town councils often connived for a price at the presence in their midst of Jews whose admission was illegal.
concordant	A few concordant determinations of density having been effected, the question was at first regarded as disposed of, until the thought occurred that it might be desirable to try also the more usual method of preparation in which the oxygen is removed by actual oxidation of copper without the aid of ammonia.
concrete	I need concrete evidence before I'm a believer and I don't see that on the horizon.
concord	In 1840 Alcott removed to Concord, Massachusetts.
concomitantly	As any copter jock would be happy to tell you, helicopters fly differently than airplanes, and concomitantly, helicopter games are radically different from airplane simulations.
concordance	Such concordance gives strong support to the theory of diffusion outlined above.
concretely	Keep in mind these new found cognitive skills take time to fully develop, and you will continue to think both abstractly and concretely for years to come.
concourse	Saved a lot of hassle getting away from the airport concourse area itself.
concretionary	Larger quantities of deposit may be conveniently collected by means of the dredge, which can be worked in any depth and brings up large stones, concretionary nodules or fossils, of the existence of which a sounding-tube could give no indication.
concretion	The dried residue largely comprised of olive colored concretion in which bone was rare to occasional, charcoal occasional and vitrified fuel ash rare.
concrescent	In the male flower the receptacle is concrescent or inseparate from the bract in whose axil it originates.
concrescence	C,C', D,D', two types of medusa organization; C and D are composite sections, showing a radius (R) on one side, an interradius (IR) on the other; C' and D' are plans; the mouth and manubrium are indicated at the centre, leading into the gastral cavity subdivided by the four areas of concrescence in each interradius (IR).
concur	The Senate refused to concur in the amendment and the whole measure was lost.
concurrently	The cult of Hygieia then spread concurrently with that of Asclepius, and was introduced at Rome from Epidaurus in 293, by which time she may have been admitted (which was not the case before) into the Epidaurian family of the god.
concubine	If he did not, on his death the brothers were bound to do so, giving her a full child's share if a wife, a concubine or a vestal, but one-third of a child's share if she were a hierodule or a Marduk priestess.
concurrency	More recently I have worked on how to give true concurrency semantics to time extended LOTOS calculi.
condemn	Don't condemn him before you hear the evidence.
concubinage	The great medieval canon lawyer Lyndwood illustrates the difficulty of distinguishing, even as late as the middle of the 15th century, between concubinage and a clandestine, though legal, marriage.
concordat	Down to the repeal of the Concordat in 1905 all French governments continued to uphold two of the ancient Gallican Liberties.
concurrent	The chambers have separate and concurrent powers defined by the constitution.
condensation	She wrote her name in the condensation on the side of her tea glass.
concurrence	This is accounted for by a concurrence of circumstances.
concussion	Suddenly a terrible concussion threw him backwards to the ground.
condemnatory	Over the cross, which stood between two others, was the condemnatory inscription, The King of the Jews.
condense	The mountains condense the moisture brought by the west winds, and the yearly amount of rain varies from So to 120 in.
condensible	Normal butylene is a readily condensible gas.
condemnation	The condemnation precipitated an exodus to Rome.
condescendingly	Napoleon nodded condescendingly, as if to say, I know it's your duty to say that, but you don't believe it yourself.
condensed	The following condensed account has been abstracted from it.
condescension	Natasha did not like the visitor's tone of condescension to childish things.
condition	You're in no condition to run around town.
condenser	The condenser commonly used is an old retort.
condescend	I don't want to condescend; but, what I mean is that it makes great little cars.
conditionally	He agreed conditionally upon his programme being carried out.
condiment	But put an extra condiment into your dish, and it will poison you.
condescending	He seemed to be condescending to his companion.
condolence	Thank you for sending the condolence card.
condign	Moawiya, disregarding his son Yazid's advice that he should exact condign punishment for Zobair's disrespect, replied in flattering terms, regretting the trespass and resigning both slaves and estate to Zobair.
conditional	Certain sacrifices of animals he explains as intended to transfer a conditional curse.
condone	The state does not condone violence.
conduce	The short-sighted policy of the amir Abdur Rahman in discouraging imports doubtless affected the balance, nor did his affectation of ignoring the railway between New Chaman and Kila Abdulla (on the Peshin side of the Khojak) conduce to the improvement of trade.
condor	Cathartes, turkey buzzards, Sarcorhamphus gryphus, condor Gypagus papa, king vulture.
conducive	Darkness is conducive to sleep.
condom	Naturally occurring holes in the wall of a latex condom have a diameter of 1.0 microns.
conduct	He will conduct you to the Minister of War.
condominium	After his reinstatement the AngloEgyptian condominium worked without serious friction.
conditioner	Carmen changed filters and turned on the air conditioner for the summer.
conduciveness	It might either fall back on the moral principles commonly accepted, and, affirming their objective validity, endeavour to exhibit them as a coherent and complete set of ultimate ethical truths; or it might take the utility or conduciveness to pleasure, to which Hume had referred for the origin of most sentiments, as an ultimate end and standard by which these sentiments might be judged and corrected.
conduction	Here we have an instance of the conduction of heat.
conductance	The disease gene is named CFTR, which stands for cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator.
conductor	As it came to a stop the conductor called out in a loud voice.
conditioned	Every human action is inevitably conditioned by what surrounds him and by his own body.
conduit	Here two reservoirs of a combined capacity of 668 million gallons have been constructed, and a conduit some 36 m.
conductivity	The conductivity gives us the amount of electricity conveyed per second under a definite electromotive force.
conductress	Disguised in female attire and aided by a passport obtained by the devoted Flora Macdonald, he passed through Skye and parted from his gallant conductress at Portree.
conductive	He caused the relay in series with the sensitive tube to set in action not only a telegraphic instrument but also the electromagnetic tapper, which was arranged so as to administer light blows on the under side of the sensitive tube when the latter passed into the conductive condition.
coney	Coney Island is also the name of a 600,000 person community which is located on the western area of the peninsula.
confectionery	The industries include flour-milling, the manufacture of confectionery, iron-ware and hats, and the distillation of olive-oil.
confederacy	Kenner as special commissioner to the courts of England and France to obtain recognition of the Confederacy on condition of the abolition of slavery.
confab	He fixed himself a cheese sandwich and joined the parlor confab.
condyle	Birds possess an ear-muscle which at least acts as a tensor tympani; it arises near the occipital condyle, passes through a hole into the tympanic cavity, and its tendon is, in various ways, attached to the inside of the membrane and the neighbouring extracolumellar processes.
confection	Milk of sulphur, the confection and the lozenge, is used for this purpose.
confer	The faculties of medicine confer the degree of doctor of medicine.
confectioner	He was found dead in the house of a confectioner in Kazvin, having left the world either drunk, drugged or poisoned.
conferment	In 1871 parliament resolved to build railways at the public expense, and in 1873 (the year following the conferment of responsible government on the colony) a beginning was made with the work, £5,000,000 having been voted for the purpose.
confess	I don't confess to understanding what happened but it's fascinating.
cone	B, Ripe cone scale with seeds, enlarged.
confession	The confession consisted of forty articles.
confederation	He was prominent in the affairs of the New England Confederation, of which he was one of the founders (1643).
confessedly	For the promulgation of these views, which were confessedly at variance with the doctrines of the standards of the national church of Scotland, he was summoned (1726) before his presbytery, where in the course of the investigations which followed he affirmed still more explicitly his belief that every national church established by the laws of earthly kingdoms is antichristian in its constitution and persecuting in its spirit, and further declared opinions upon the subject of church government which amounted to a repudiation of Presbyterianism and an acceptance of the puritan type of Independency.
confidant	In London he became Pip's intimate confidant.
confide	Do you confide in her?
confidence	Confidence returned with a warm rush.
confident	The speakers were confident communicators.
confetti	This skull produces confetti for headshots.
confidentially	No one was more frequently and confidentially consulted by Calvin.
confidante	I passed your email address on to Rhondda Valley as she is my most trusted confidante.
confidentiality	There's absolute confidentiality in what we do.
confessional	In this connexion it is worth pointing out that Garnet had not thought it his duty to disclose the treasonable intrigue with the king of Spain in 1602, though there was no pretence in this case that he was restricted by the seal of confession, and his inactivity now tells greatly in his disfavour; for, allowing even that he was bound by confessional secrecy from taking action on Greenway's information, he had still Catesby's earlier revelations to act upon.
confiding	She had forgotten who she was confiding in.
confederate	He also wrote a Short History of the Confederate States of America (1890).
confidently	The possibility of miracles is often confidently denied.
confidential	It keeps a register of British firms who may desire to receive confidential information relative to their respective trades and supplies that information free of charge.
confessor	Addressing the gathering, Langton referred to the laws of Edward the Confessor as good laws, which the king ought to observe, and then mentioned the charter granted by Henry I.
confine	But he did not confine his attention to abstract inquiries.
confined	At least the dog is confined to the floor.
conference	The conference room was silent, the air purified, the lighting perfect.
configure	You know the parts of each ship and can configure the ships' systems?
confirm	Betsy was hopeful she might be able to confirm where the people had lived.
configuration	In its configuration the island is elevated but not mountainous.
confirmatory	The fact that in tabby Persians the body-markings are never so strong as in the short-haired breeds is in some degree confirmatory of this, as suggesting descent from a nearly wholecoloured type.
confines	He didn't remove his mask and hood, even within the confines of his home.
confiscate	The majority did not, indeed, design to confiscate property wholesale.
confinement	His confinement was strict and injured his health, but he was allowed the use of books.
conflicting	All would go well until they had conflicting ideas about how something should be done.
conflation	The Academica, as they have come down to us, are a conflation from the two editions of this work.
conflagration	Fleury hardly had time to breathe before a new conflagration broke out in the east.
conflate	It is vital that we do not conflate today with tomorrow.
confiscation	Another clause protects the property of rebels against confiscation.
confirmation	For the first time in months, he had confirmation that he was headed the right way.
conform	You must conform to the school's rules, or else you will get detention.
confluent	In the Pleistocene period many large lakes were formed within the Great Basin; especially, by the fusion of small catchment basins, two great confluent bodies of water - Lake Lahontan (in the Nevada basin) and Lake Bonneville (in the Utah basin).
confocal	Legendre, in 1783, extended Maclaurin's theorem concerning ellipsoids of revolution to the case of any spheroid of revolution where the attracted point, instead of being limited to the axis or equator, occupied any position in space; and Laplace, in his treatise Theorie du mouvement et de la figure elliptique des planetes (published in 1784), effected a still further generalization by proving, what had been suspected by Legendre, that the theorem was equally true for any confocal ellipsoids.
confirmed	He wouldn't look at her, and that fact confirmed her suspicions.
conformation	It may be due partly to the natural conformation of the rock and the differences of level, partly to the necessity of enclosing within a single building several objects of ancient sanctity, such as the mark of Poseidon's trident and the spring that arose from it, the sacred olive tree of Athena, and the tomb of Cecrops.
conformal	The theory of conformal representation shows that the motion is given by (b-a'.u -a) +?
conformably	This region naturally comprises the African and Indian areas, conformably to be called subregions.
conformity	Knowledge is of ideas and is in conformity with the necessary laws of thought.
confluence	The confluence of the two companies allowed for both of them to be more successful.
conformable	Its distribution is much the same as that of the Upper Cambrian, with which it is conformable in many places.
confounded	This spirit might easily be confounded with the sun, whose power was supposed to be stored up in the warmthgiving tree.
conformist	Outrages on conformist ministers were frequent, and conventicles were accompanied by armed men.
confront	You need to confront what is before you.
confrontation	The kid was too afraid to risk a confrontation; maybe Jessi or Ashley had grabbed his phone.
confound	Many authors confound the year of Rome with the civil year, supposing them both to begin on the 1st of January.
confounding	As an exponent of Plato he suffered from the fatal error of confounding Plato with the later Platonists.
confused	For a moment he looked confused, and then turned away.
confucianism	Neither Taoism nor Confucianism, indeed, makes this claim.
confrontational	On the show, Aames was often confrontational and, well - flat out rude and obnoxious.
confucian	Very different was the case when China presented her noble code of Confucian philosophy and the literature embodying it.
confusion	Several years of confusion followed.
confusingly	Confusingly, if you click on one, it sends you to a different site.
confraternity	The church also contains a solid silver statue of the archangel Michael, belonging to the confraternity of Neapolitan fishermen.
confusional	Night terrors are a confusional arousal resulting from immature sleep patterns with an intense activation of the flight or fight emotion.
confutation	On grounds of Scripture and reason he at length declared for Protestantism, and wrote in 1634, but did not publish, a confutation of the motives which had led him over to Rome.
confusedly	Through the streets soldiers in various uniforms walked or ran confusedly in different directions like ants from a ruined ant-hill.
confute	Both of these confessions were drawn up to confute the teaching of a remarkable man who had been patriarch of Constantinople, Cyril Lucar.
confuse	It would only confuse the issue further.
congener	The wild boar (shishi or si-no-shishi) does not differ appreciably from its European congener.
congeniality	Benjamin Bratt - The former beau of Julia Roberts gained recognition on the TV drama Law & Order, and was soon appearing in films such as Miss Congeniality and Traffic.
conflict	You can't avoid conflict all the time.
congenitally	To the theory of knowledge Spencer contributes a transfigured realism, to mediate between realism and idealism, and the doctrine that necessary truths, acquired in experience and congenitally transmitted, are a priori to the individual, though a posteriori to the race, to mediate between empiricism and apriorism.
congested	The kidneys are enlarged and congested.
congestive	These factors included exhaustion asphyxia, dehydration, and congestive heart failure.
congeries	It is clear that this immense congeries of earth and stones could not flow in a dry state over those 5 m.
conger	Conger will hit all baits, but have a habit of hitting the smaller hooked pout on the way in.
conglomerate	At the base there is frequently a conglomerate or tuff of porphyritic rocks.
congenial	Bees find a highly congenial habitat in Mexico, and some honey is exported.
congestion	The congestion must be breaking up.
conglomeratic	The Senonian series is represented by the White Limestone, a hardened chalk with flints, which is often glauconitic and conglomeratic at the base.
conglomeration	It is a conglomeration of corporations.
congratulate	I have the honor to congratulate you.
confusing	The words sounded confusing, even to her.
congenital	About 3,500 to 4,000 children are born in the United States each year with congenital toxoplasmosis.
congratulation	All nature is your congratulation, and you have cause momentarily to bless yourself.
congratulatory	In 1612 he was employed by the duke as his envoy to Venice, where he distinguished himself by the congratulatory oration he delivered before the Venetian senate on the election of the new doge, Andrea Memmo.
congregate	Cattle sometimes congregate in cold weather around a burning coal seam and enjoy the warmth.
congressional	He called for a congressional investigation.
congregationalism	This, while far short of theoretic Congregationalism, was a prophecy of it.
congregational	A Congregational society was founded in 1662, and its old church, dating from 1702, stood until 1906.
congregationalist	He was senior editor of the Congregationalist (1849-1855), and an associate editor of the Christian Union from 1870.
congressman	He was Congressman Quincy.
congruence	And how to achieve congruence between your work, your home and your personal needs.
congruent	Gestures make sense and are congruent to the conversation.
congruity	This ethical value is perceived by reason or understanding (which, unlike Kant, he does not distinguish), which intuitively recognizes fitness or congruity between actions, agents and total circumstances.
conic	John Casey, professor of mathematics at the Catholic university of Dublin, has given elementary demonstrations founded on the theory of similitude and coaxal circles which are reproduced in his Sequel to Euclid; an analytical solution by Gergonne is given in Salmon's Conic Sections.
congruous	In His sinless perfection and filial relation to God He is unique, and His works are congruous with His Person.
conidium	Whether a spore results from the sexual union of two similar gametes (zygospore) or from the fertilization of an egg-cell by the protoplasm of a male organ (oospore); or is developed asexually as a motile (zoospore) or a quiescent body cut off from a hypha (conidium) or developed along its course (oidium or chlamydospore), or in its protoplasm (endospore), are matters of importance which have their uses in the classification and terminology of spores, though in many respects they are largely of academic interest.
conifer	A mixed forest of deciduous and conifer trees formed a dense covering of mottled greens.
congress	The Berlin congress decided that it should remain with Servia.
coniferous	The same coniferous trees are common to both parts of the range.
conical	Drums are either cylindrical or conical.
conidial	Contrary to the behaviour of the non-lichen forming Ascomycetes the lichen-fungi show very few cases of ordinary conidial formation.
conjecturally	It has been traced certainly to the 13th, and conjecturally to the 12th century.
conjointly	These are oxidized and precipitated conjointly by excess of ammonia.
conjoin	Two processes conjoin to initiate the assimilatory phase.
conjoint	The conjoint stream then flows 180 m.
congregation	The congregation chooses all the officers, and these form a church council.
conjecture	Life is constant probing and testing, conjecture and refutation.
conjugated	All the verbs are fully conjugated, and presented in an easy to read form.
conjugate	The circuits in which the batterybattery P and and d being galvanometer called the ratio branches placed are called conjugate circuits, and the circuits P, Q, R, and S are called the arms of the bridge, the '44 S arms and S the measuring arm.
conjectural	We offer a purely conjectural suggestion.
conjunction	The electroscope was used in conjunction with an oil lamp or gas flame.
conjugal	It might be supposed that conjugal fidelity must suffer from such a custom.
conjunctive	The external conjunctive is usually a living comparatively small-celled tissue, whose cells are consider ably elongated in the direction of the stem-axis and frequently contain abundant starch.
conjunct	On the other hand, Sun conjunct Saturn lends a mature and cautious approach towards matters of the heart.
conjunctiva	Lotio Rubra, the familiar Red Lotion, a solution of zinc sulphate, is widely used in many catarrhal inflammations, as of the ear, urethra, conjunctiva, &c. There are also innumerable ointments.
conjugation	Reproduction by conjugation is also known as isogamy, by fertilization as oogamy.
conjunctivitis	In such cases, a small sore develops on the palpebral conjunctiva (the membrane lining the inner eyelid) and is often accompanied by conjunctivitis (inflammation of the membrane) and swollen lymph nodes in front of the ear.
conjuring	The miracles of Jesus are not just bizarre conjuring tricks.
conjuncture	The current world situation is the result of a historical conjuncture.
conker	The spiny seed case splits to reveal a shiny conker.
conjure	Just the words are enough to conjure up its luxurious image.
conjunctival	The most valuable preparations of this potent drug are the liquor atropinae sulphatis, which is a 1% solution, and the lamella - for insertion within the conjunctival sac - which contains one five-thousandth part of a grain of the alkaloid.
conjuror	He was not Chinese at all, but an American vaudeville artist and conjuror called William Ellsworth Robinson.
connate	Colours are not Qualifications of Light, derived from Refractions, or Reflections of natural Bodies (as 'tis generally believed), but original and connate properties, which in divers Rays are divers.
conn	Conn, who was related through his mother with the earl of Kildare (Fitzgerald), became chief of the Tyrone branch of the O'Neills (Cinel Eoghain) about 1520.
conkers	Competitors are not allowed to use there own conkers!
connection	I don't see any possible connection, much less this so-called time travel.
connectedness	Abandonment is about the loss of love and a loss of connectedness.
connectivity	But technologies of connectivity can threaten stability and community.
connector	A 20mm dowel was inserted through the antler and buffalo horn base for strength and to take the 12mm brass screw connector fitting.
connective	The coils and branches of the tube are packed by connective tissue and blood spaces.
conner	There's no word yet on how Conner, 10, and Isabella, 12, feel about the upcoming arrival of their half-sibling.
conning	The disturbance of the compass by the magnetism of the hull is generally modified, sometimes favourably, more often un favourably, by the magnetized fittings of the ship, such as masts, conning towers, deck houses, engines and boilers.
connive	We should not connive at the destruction of imaginations, not even to alleviate boredom.
connect	Steam tramways connect it S.E.
connected	Yeah, I've telephoned him but we haven't connected yet.
connivance	On his return Newton was waylaid and his papers seized, not without suspicion of Bruce's connivance.
connotation	The word can have a different connotationin different contexts.
connoisseur	He was a well-known connoisseur of art.
connotative	Herodotus, like Homer, has a denotative as well as a connotative use.
connote	The color you include in your rose tattoo can also connote a different meaning to the design.
conniving	She's a conniving, self-serving, arrogant creature.  Heartless, too.
connubial	Other connubial speculations foundered on the personal dislike of the princess for the various suitors proposed to her, so that on the death of her mother (May 1727) and the departure to Holstein of her beloved sister Anne, her only remaining near relation, the princess found herself at the age of eighteen practically her own mistress.
connecting	Hence when useful work can be obtained from a system by simply connecting visible portions of it by a train of mechanism, such energy is more readily recognized than is that which would compel us to control the behaviour of molecules before we could transform it into useful work.
conquering	His success in conquering Sicily earned him the surname of the Great.
conquistador	The Spanish conquistador and his descendants have not been a blessing to the basin of the Orinoco.
conquer	You will conquer the worlds.
conscientious	Alex was conscientious and he would never ask his employees to do anything he wouldn't do.
consanguinity	There have been exceptions, however, especially in the case of high chiefs; but usually great care is taken to prevent the union of those within the prescribed limits of consanguinity.
conscious	I wasn't even conscious of what was happening.
consciousness	Her eyes drooped and she lost consciousness again.
conscientiously	Yet he attended to his duties conscientiously, and ultimately broke his health in their discharge.
conscientiousness	He was also a man of great moral conscientiousness, and as far as intention went perfectly disinterested.
conscript	Having entered the army as a conscript he was made an officer by Said Pasha in 1862, and was employed in the transport department in the Abyssinian campaign of 1875 under Ismail Pasha.
conscription	Great Britain, without conscription, has no means of raising troops in any such proportion.
consecrate	The little company of seven determined to consecrate their union by vows.
consciously	Maybe because I was trying so hard and consciously trying to make it happen.
conqueror	Dives is celebrated as the harbour whence William the Conqueror sailed to England in 1066.
consecration	For the consecration of a bishop at least three bishops are required.
conquest	The conquest of Kazan was an epoch-making event in the history of eastern Europe.
conscience	He did the task for the sake of his conscience.
consecutively	These frames were numbered consecutively 1 to 12, and hinged together as shown in fig.
consensual	It was a consensual relationship because both people wanted to be friends.
connexion	At last, in 1844, the government succeeded in breaking his connexion with the paper.
consequence	It was a consequence of her sin.
consecutive	After two consecutive months of decline in available work, David became concerned about the security of his job.
consequential	Syphilitic lesion of the arteries, and likewise of other fibrous tissues, often involves grave consequential damage to nervous structures fed or supported by such parts.
consequently	It consequently has four vertices and six edges.
conservation	The conservation policy saved the animals that were at risk.
conservationist	He is a keen conservationist with a particular interest in birds.
consentient	Yet a closer inspection shows us that when a later president of the Academy (Antiochus of Ascalon) repudiated the scepticism which for two hundred years had been accepted as the traditional Platonic doctrine, he had good grounds for claiming Plato and Aristotle as consentient authorities for the ethical position which he took up.
conservancy	In 1857 the Thames Conservancy Board was established.
consensus	In general, the learned consensus dubbed the whole business with indifference.
conservatively	Women wear a headscarf and dress conservatively.
consent	There's no way he'd consent to travel all the way from Boston.
conservator	Any chance of a paper conservator ever joining the team?
conservatoire	At Paris the cole Suprieure des Mines and the cole des Fonts et Chausses are controlled by the minister of public, works, the cole des Beaux-Arts, the cole des Arts Dcoratifs and the Conservatoire National de Musique et de Dclamation by the unr,ler-secretary for fine arts.
consider	It was too far to consider driving every day, even if she had a car.
considerable	His note pad was ever present and he spent a considerable amount of time on the phone.
consequent	The course of the upper Mississippi river is largely consequent i upon glacial deposits.
considerate	At least he was considerate enough not to comment on her obvious interest in his physique.
conservatorship	The judge in her conservatorship case ultimately decided that her father, Jamie, would maintain control over the fallen pop-star's financial affairs until this summer.
conservatism	This leads to autocracy in politics, fatalism in religion and conservatism in both.
conserve	The Code did not merely embody contemporary custom or conserve ancient law.
consign	No, I would n't consign piste skiing to Room 101 - just don't ask me to partake.
consilience	It teaches us that scientific method is sometimes induction, sometimes deduction, and sometimes the consilience of both, either by the inductive verification of previous deductions, or by the deductive explanation of previous inductions.
conservatory	In 1836 he began to erect a grand conservatory 300 ft.
consistency	They had the consistency of rubber mats.
considerably	I guess the feed bill is considerably smaller, too.
consistent	Her speed was consistent, her destination clear.
consignment	The carrier gave a receipt for the consignment, took all responsibility and exacted a receipt on delivery.
considering	Was he actually considering having two wives?
consistence	A further means of enabling a soap to contain large proportions of water and yet present a firm consistence is found in the use of silicate of soda.
consideration	Once again someone was making decisions that shaped her life... without consideration for her plans.
consistorial	In no sense can his consistorial system of church government be regarded as Presbyterian.
consistory	It was felt to be a political necessity that he should return, and in 1541, somewhat reluctantly, he returned on his own terms. These were the recognition of the Church's spiritual independence, the division of the town into parishes, and the appointment (by the municipal authority) of a consistory or council of elders in each parish for the exercise of discipline.
conservative	Pete was conservative with his praise, so she felt honored.
consolidation	Just as the historical school grew up along with the greatest constructive achievement of the 29th century, namely, the consolidation of Germany, so the application to modern problems of the methods of that school has been called forth by the constructive needs of the present generation.
consolation	Here is a new philosophy of life, offering solid consolation amid the ruin of a world.
consolatory	The most frenzied scrutiny failed to disclose any eldritch tentacles writhing from the graves, nor even a consolatory puddle of blasphemous ichor.
consonance	In a few ances this may have come about by the emphasizing of a ly primitive trait; as when the wolf Ophois, in consonance I the predatory nature of that animal, developed into a of war.
consonant	That they were employed in divination is consonant with the facts already noted.
consolidator	I'm a consolidator of the information.
consolidate	His relationship to Edwin may have helped him to consolidate Deira and Bernicia.
consist	The exports consist principally of sugar, cotton, and rum (aguardiente).
consols	In 1899 he lowered the fixed charge for the National Debt from twenty-five to twenty-three millions - a reduction imperatively required, apart from other reasons, by the difficulties found in redeeming Consols at their then inflated price.
consistently	The same principle was consistently applied in his university teaching.
consortium	The news has come as a welcome fillip to farmers says Rob Wills, Executive Manager of the British Livestock Genetics Consortium.
consortia	Funding Some firms or consortia fund projects on their own balance sheet.
conspectus	This method, which in process of time was dignified by the title of a Physiological Arrangement, was insisted upon with more or less pertinacity by the author throughout a long series of publications, some of them separate books, some of them contributed to the memoirs issued by many scientific bodies of various European countries, ceasing only at his death, which in July 1857 found him occupied upon a Conspectus, Generum Avium, that in consequence remains unfinished.
consonantal	In Late Latin there was a tendency to this spirant pronunciation which appears as early as the beginning of the 2nd century A.D.; by the 3rd century b and consonantal u are inextricably confused.
consort	Ordinarily the consort of Nergal is Laz.
console	He returned to the console and turned it off.
conspiratorial	He flashed a conspiratorial grin.
conspirator	He was eventually hanged in Paris as a conspirator in 1674.
conspire	About that time he began to conspire with a view to restore the son of Queen Isabella.
conspicuously	Two objects stand out conspicuously in his policy.
constancy	Constancy of purpose was the salient feature of Thomas's military character.
constabulary	The headquarters of the constabulary are at Enniskillen.
conspicuous	The skunk had a conspicuous spinal stripe.
constable	Its officers included a constable and a chaplain.
constantan	A pair of fine wires of iron and constantan are twisted together in the middle, and one pair of unlike ends are connected to a galvanometer.
constellation	The ancient Greeks associated this constellation with many myths.
constipated	Also make sure the child has enough to drink and is not constipated.
conspiracy	A conspiracy headed by the patrician Arsaber had a similar issue.
constant	Anything was better than this constant conflict.
constitute	The disks and granules constitute a very powerful microphone.
constitution	He contended such a visit was in violation of the Fourth Amendment of the Constitution.
consternation	The look of consternation on her face, however, told him differently.
constipation	It is in most instances traceable to exposure to cold or damp, to overuse of the limbs in walking, &c. Any source of pressure upon the nerve within the pelvis, such as may be produced by a tumour or even by constipation of the bowels, may excite an attack of sciatica.
constituency	He left his constituency to fight N.W.
constitutionalist	He fought in the constitutionalist army against the Austrians at Rieti (7th of March 1821), and on the re-establishment of autocracy he was arrested and imprisoned for three months by order of the prince of Canosa, the chief of police, his particular enemy.
constitutionally	In doctrine he adhered to the old faith from first to last, while as a question of church policy, the only matter for consideration with him was whether the new laws and ordinances were constitutionally justifiable.
constitutive	The mathematical principles are constitutive, i.e.
constantly	He is constantly alone with his thoughts.
constitutionalism	This view, however, seems to involve the existence of a greater feeling for constitutionalism than is warranted by the information at our disposal.
constrain	Loose fitting sleepwear is the most comfortable since it does not bind or constrain.
constituent	Seventy-five members had sat in the Constituent Assembly, 183 in the Legislative.
constraint	Liberty, he holds, is simply freedom from constraint, the power.
constriction	There is also felt a sense of constriction in the pharynx, due to the action of the drug on its muscular fibres.
constrained	He snatched two more oranges before the magic constrained his movement.
constricted	Finally he continued in a constricted voice.
construct	The fishing trade had become so important by 1800 that it was necessary to construct a new dock.
constrict	The pupil will tightly constrict in a painful eye.
constrictor	One of the commonest species of the genus Boa is the Boa constrictor, which has a wide range from tropical Mexico to Brazil.
constrictive	Other abnormal responses Square wave response Seen in cardiac failure, constrictive pericarditis, cardiac tamponade and valvular heart disease.
constructional	It may be necessary to cut out a small trench in front of the constructional hearth to allow the air pipe to be fitted.
constructionist	Edward Dickinson Bullard, a prominent American constructionist, required his workforce to wear hard leather hats when working in an industrial setting, believing that it would promote safety and decrease casualties across the board.
constructively	You can manage anger destructively or constructively.
constructivism	To the best of my knowledge the term ' social constructivism ' appeared in mathematics education from two sources.
construe	The court will construe the Articles of Religion and formularies according to the legal rules for the interpretation of statutes and written instruments.
constructive	As a constructive thinker, he did little.
constructor	Resigning from the army in 1836, he became a civil engineer and constructor of railways, and was engaged under the war department in survey work.
consubstantial	It is interesting to note that at the synod of Antioch the use of the word consubstantial to denote the relation of God the Father to the divine Son or Logos was condemned, although it afterwards became at the Council of Nicaea the watchword of the orthodox faction.
construing	The reaction into idolatry and Babylonian star worship in the long reign of Manasseh synchronized and was connected with vassalage 1 There is some danger in too strictly construing the language of the prophets and also the psalmists.
consubstantiation	The great difference is in the attitude towards the Lord's Supper, the Reformed or Calvinistic Churches repudiating not only transubstantiation but also the Lutheran consubstantiation.
consult	Consult the literature of history and colonial reform given below.
consular	He had by this time established his reputation as a publicist, and, when the consular government was established in the year VIII (1799), he was selected as one of the hundred members of the tribunate, and resigned, in consequence, the direction of the Decade.
consulate	During the first consulate he was called to the tribunate, but was excluded in 1802.
constitutional	The constitutional history of Aegina is unusually simple.
consultancy	We are an engineering consultancy that requires a cost accountant.
consulship	In the same year Pollio entered upon his consulship, which had been promised him in 43.
consumable	A Halloween food favor does not necessarily have to be consumable.
consultative	He extolled Charles Albert and appealed to his patriotism; he believed that the church was necessary and the secret societies harmful; rqpresentative government was undesirable, but he advocated a consultative assembly.
consume	Their chief food is grass and seeds, but they also consume roots.
consumables	However, unless these products are complemented by Epson consumables to match, users cannot expect to fully capitalize on their investment.
consul	The son of the last king, Gaius Julius Antiochus Epiphanes Philopappus, was Roman consul for A.D.
consultant	A consultant may need to be called in for specialist advice.
consumerist	One of the most frequently cited criticisms is that it is wasteful and consumerist to ruin a gown that can be donated to charities or even resold.
consumerism	Consumerism is imperative to our culture's paradigm.
consultation	The whole consultation passed more than quietly.
consulting	She could probably help him best by conducting business without consulting him for every detail.
construction	Shall we forever resign the pleasure of construction to the carpenter?
consummation	The fall of Jajce was the consummation of theTurkish conquest.
consumption	There was a rising worldwide consumption of consumer goods.
consumptive	Hampstead has numerous charitable institutions, amongst which are the North London consumptive hospital, the Orphan Working School, Haverstock Hill (1758), the general hospital and the north-western fever hospital.
contact	Her step was too long, making contact with his foot.
consummate	The consummate hardness of the diamond, in spite of its high price, has made it most useful for purposes of grinding, polishing and drilling.
cont	It is the Christians who say what is said about him, and it has become plain as daylight (7) Evapyeca 4caprupnvev) that Simon was nothing divine (Origen, Cont.
contain	Fred could hardly contain his excite­ment.
contactor	The WR Series Room Thermostats are designed to directly control individual heaters or, by using an external contactor, can control several heaters.
container	It was a small metal container no larger than a matchbox.
consumer	There was a rising worldwide consumption of consumer goods.
contagion	It caught the contagion of poetry, philosophy and science.'
contaminate	They also contaminate clothing, which thus becomes another means of dissemination capable of acting at a distance.
consuming	Thai dishes are time consuming to prepare.
containment	The seamless styles are more about smoothing, containment and comfort.
contaminant	Common sorrel seed has occurred as a contaminant of grass seed mixtures, crop seeds and in hay.
contagious	He flashed one of his contagious smiles.
contamination	This provides for the reduction as far as possible of contamination during the milking process itself.
contemplative	His contemplative gaze ran over her face and paused on her lips.
conte	Zanichellis Scritti del Conte di Cavour (Bologna, 1892) are very important, and so are Prince Metternichs 7ff moires (7 vols., Paris, f881).
contemplate	Continuing to contemplate the cup, he finally spoke.
contemporary	Contemporary artists were selected.
contemporaneously	Aldrovandi in De animalibus insectis (1602) almost contemporaneously distinguished between terrestrial insects, including woodlice, earthworms and slugs, and aquatic insects, comprising annelids and starfishes.
contemptible	Here he is not just ignorant, he is also contemptible.
contemporaneous	Of the work of Cyriac of Ancona, written about 1450, only some fragments remain, which are well supplemented by the contemporaneous description of the capable observer known as the Anonymus of Milan.
contend	The new governor had great difficulties to contend with.
contemplation	He sank into stormy contemplation, clueless how to handle the latest of his challenges.
content	I'm content to just move forward.
contemptuous	She did not sit down but looked at him with a contemptuous smile, waiting for the valet to go.
contentedly	She sighed contentedly and shut the oven door.
contemptuously	To conciliate the revolutionary his offers were contemptuously refused.
contentious	It has been a contentious issue for decades.
contentment	In the presidential election of 1880 the Republican party carried the day after an unusually quiet canvass, a result largely due to popular contentment with the then existing state of public affairs.
contentiousness	His vanity, his pride of opinion and his inborn contentiousness were serious handicaps to him in his political career.
contender	I had gone from being a serious medal contender to being totally written off.
contempt	He will be charged with contempt of court.
contest	None of us would win a beauty contest, would we?
contented	There was no denying the contented expression on his face.
context	That said, he would set out the broader context for manufacturing.
conterminous	For ordinary purposes it is best to make the patristic period conterminous with the life 1 See Buxtorf, s.v.
contextual	I continued to read, looking for any contextual cues.
contention	And yet, this latest contention was about inheritance, not love.
contestation	On the Contestation on Monastic Studies, see Maitland, Dark Ages, § x.
continent	Since then this pest has spread across the African continent and even reached Madagascar.
contestant	Each contestant must meet minimum sanitation guidelines.
contiguous	It is an urban district together with contiguous rural territory.
contents	He tossed a vial whose contents were the color of blood.
contiguity	A world of temporal repetition is a world that can never escape the power of spatial contiguity.
continence	Let people have married or be anyhow steeled in continence before they are admitted to baptism.
continually	She blushed continually and was irritable.
contingency	This type of contingency was not one we planned for.
contingent	The community had to produce its contingent of the taille.
continue	He would continue until he was satisfied.
continuance	The present life is so little worth living that its continuance is not to be desired.
continuity	Other cases arise when we consider the continuity of a function.
continuer	I did, however, try to give her the idea that love is the great continuer of life.
continuator	These materials were used by a continuator who wrote in the middle of the 15th century, and who is identified with Walter Bower,' abbot of the monastery of Inchcolm.
continuo	The chords necessary in this part, which with its supporting bass is called the continuo, were indicated by figures; and the evanescent and delicate tones of the harpsichord; lent themselves admirably to this purpose where solo voices and instruments were concerned.
continuation	She relaxed and enjoyed the continuation of light banter.
continual	It would be continual torture.
contort	Children liked playing with Stretch because they could contort him into just about any type of position that they could imagine.
continuum	On the other hand, many evolutionists ignore the certainty that there must be a continuum in any real evolutionary process.
contorted	Hot pain slid through him as his body contorted into the new form.
contortionist	Before getting into tattooing, Katzen was a contortionist, fire eater and juggler, performing on the streets of Key West, Florida.
continued	She continued to pack in silence.
contour	The contour lines showing the heights above sea-level are the directions along which species spread to form zones.
continental	Sharp, and the comparison of the species found with those of the nearest continental land, furnish the student of geographical distribution with many valuable and suggestive facts.
contouring	Streamline your appearance with the contouring shadow.
contra	In 1613, at the instigation of Pope Paul V., Suarez wrote a treatise dedicated to the Christian princes of Europe, entitled Defensio catholicae fidei contra anglicanae sectae errores.
contrabass	It's like, ' Oh, tomorrow bring your contrabass trombone.
contract	Your contract goes on for years.
contraband	No estimate can be made of the contraband, which must have been large.
continuous	All he sees is one continuous line.
contractility	The manifestations of contractility by muscle are various in mode.
contractile	The head bears a single pair of contractile but not invaginable tentacles, at the base of which are the eyes.
contractor	Imagine you are a defense contractor on top of the world.
contraceptive	A gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist versus a low-dose oral contraceptive for pelvic pain associated with endometriosis.
contraception	Since the FDA approved the birth control pill in 1960, there have been major advances in contraceptive choice, giving women the freedom to compare birth control pills and other methods of contraception to find a method that suits them.
contractually	An organization is contractually obliged to perform certain functions.
contracted	Her stomach contracted at his tone and the look on his face.
continuously	Prince Andrew had spent two years continuously in the country.
contractive	The dynamical series of stages in nature, the forms in which the ideal structure of nature is realized, are matter, as the equilibrium of the fundamental expansive and contractive forces; light, with its subordinate processes - magnetism, electricity, and chemical action; organism, with its component phases of reproduction, irritability and sensibility.'
contracture	The most common problem is internal rotation contracture (permanent muscle contraction) of the shoulder.
contradict	No one dared to contradict him, so he brought in anyone he knew.
contradictory	It was a contradictory thought - and totally unfair to Josh.
contractual	In a word, the time of commercial, contractual, cash intercourse was coming fast.
contraindication	However, a low-grade fever or cold is not a contraindication for routine vaccinations.
contralateral	The contralateral testis should always be fixed at surgery to prevent a recurrence.
contradiction	The contradiction confused her.
contradistinction	But the appeal to the verbally inspired Bible was stronger than that to a church hopelessly divided; the Bible, and not the consent of the universal church, became the touchstone of the reformed orthodoxy; in the nomenclature of the time, evangelical arose in contradistinction to Catholic, while, in popular parlance, the protest of the Reformers against the corruptions of Rome led to the invention of the term Protestant, which, though nowhere assumed in the official titles of the older reformed churches, was early used as a generic term to include them all.
contrapuntal	We have seen (in the articles on Harmony and Music) how harmonic music originated in just this habit of regarding combinations of sound as mere sensations, and how for centuries the habit opposed itself to the intellectual principles of contrapuntal harmony.
contraption	To that extent, the contraption that automatically metes out the daily allotment of cat food for your pet is a robot.
contrary	There was a contrary opinion of course!
contrast	His opinions were in broad contrast to the views of Dr. Andrews.
contraction	The active contraction of muscular tissue has no counterpart in the plant.
contrariwise	To the technical philosophers, who strictly confine themselves to the logical collation and criticism of scientific methods, he has, contrariwise, not seemed philosophic enough.
contrasty	When I print photo prints the printed image is too contrasty and the colors are too saturated.
contribute	You all contribute to what we're doing.
contribution	It isn't like they couldn't survive without her contribution to their family income.
contributive	That question may never be answered, but Kilmer says that he wants to be contributive.
contravene	Still more distinctly did he contravene the general tendency of scientific explanation.
contributory	Of course there were other contributory causes.
contrived	Not the abbreviated version contrived for a witless or hysterical wife, but the whole thing – including any designs Lori has on you... or you have for her.
contrive	So, I set out to contrive the experiment, and that was the novel FlashForward.
contrition	I thought we'd finished with the vicarious act of contrition but no such luck.
control	I have to learn to control myself.
contretemps	He waltzed out of the dance class yesterday, and had a bad contretemps with Kevin the instructor.
contravention	Foote (1780-1846) of Connecticut, calling for the restriction of the sale of public lands to those already in the market, but was con cerned primarily with the relation to one another and the respective powers of the federal government and the individual states, Hayne contending that the constitution was essentially a compact between the states, and the national government and the states, and that any state might, at will, nullify any federal law which it considered to be in contravention of that compact.
controlled	Finally he spoke in a controlled voice.
contrite	I'm sure God has forgiven their little transgressions and the two of them are contrite for their actions.
contriver	Mentor was the treacherous contriver of the death of Hermias (345-344 B.C.).
controversial	The nasty field that dissolved any type of biological entity was one of the government's latest controversial creations.
controllable	Empiricism, hitherto the only guide, if indeed a guide at all, was replaced by exact scientific knowledge; the connexion of each phenomenon with a controllable cause was established, and rule-of-thumb and quackery banished for ever by the free gift to the world of the results of his researches.
controversy	He had been placed in the center of a controversy he couldn't resolve.
contributor	Tait himself may be regarded as the chief contributor to this stage.
contrivance	Gian Galeazzos duchy was a masterpiece of mechanical contrivance, the creation of a scheming intellect and lawless will.
controvert	From a theoretical point of view Hahnemann's is one of the abstract systems, pretending to universality, which modern medicine neither accepts nor finds it worth while to controvert.
controversially	There are two winners who have won their awards very controversially.
controversialist	The latter work was attacked by Burnet and others, but the author showed himself as keen a controversialist as ever.
controller	The city controller is elected by popular vote.
contumelious	All blasphemies against God, as denying His being, or providence, all contumelious reproaches of Jesus Christ, all profane scoffing at the Holy Scriptures, or exposing any part thereof to contempt or ridicule, are punishable by the temporal courts with fine, imprisonment and also infamous corporal punishment.
conundrum	The use of protective clothing for farmers in Brazil presents a conundrum.
contusion	A contusion may appear as a bruise beneath the skin or may appear only on imaging tests.
contumacy	For this act of contumacy the king and kingdom were placed under interdict.
convalescence	Convalescence usually takes a lot of time.
convalescent	The patient should continue to take about 100 grains a day for at least a fortnight after he is apparently convalescent, otherwise a recrudescence is very probable.
contumely	It provided punishments up to 20 years' imprisonment for anyone who published any language intended to bring the form of Government of the United States or the Constitution into contempt, scorn, contumely and disrepute.
contumacious	The first won because the general trend of the world was in their favor, and because their opponents were blind, contumacious, and divided among themselves.
convection	Gerdien's estimate of the convection current is for fine weather conditions.
convective	There is a rising convective plume beneath the Azores.
convenience	For convenience the judge often sits at the royal courts of justice.
convenient	Put things where they will be most convenient for you.
conurbation	Together with the neighboring settlements of Redruth and Pool it forms the largest urban conurbation in Cornwall.
convene	When the governor learned that a second Provincial Congress was called to meet in April 1775 he resolved to convene the assembly on the same day.
convenor	The Chairman and Convenor work voluntarily, while the Secretary receives a small emolument for a part-time job.
conventicle	Under the Quaker Act of 1662 and the Conventicle Act of 1664 a number were transported out of England, and under the last-named act and that of 1670 (the second Conventicle Act) hundreds of households were despoiled of all their goods.
conventionality	A few, like Ruskin, were doubtful about that increased quietness of style; one or two already suspected that the sweetness was obtained at some sacrifice of force, and that the purity involved a concession to Victorian conventionality.
convener	He was convener of the committee which issued the Free Church hymn book, and he threw into this work the same energy and catholicity of mind which marked the rest of his activities.
conventionally	Conventionally created clothing items are a huge threat to the environment, particularly cotton.
conventual	Catherine possessed several good qualities, but had been brought up in a conventual seclusion and was scarcely a wife Charles would have chosen for himself.
convent	The convent would do a better job raising him than the Immortals.
convention	When the convention met and the balloting began, the contest along these factional lines started in earnest.
convergence	A beautiful convergence of music and dance left the audience in amazement.
convergent	Note that the funnel in Figure 4 is also a convergent nozzle.
converge	The centre upon which the observed paths converge is called the radiant point or, shortly, the radiant.
conversant	He quickly became conversant with the English, French and Italian languages, but all his extant letters written in English appear singularly ill-spelt and illiterate.
conversation	Had he heard her conversation with Sarah?
converging	We may conceive of the Third Crusade under the figure of a number of converging lines, all seeking to reach a common centre.
conveniently	He added, It conveniently covers up any footprints or evidence up here too.
conversationalist	Dean said, brilliant conversationalist that he was.
conversely	It is possible for every sinner to turn to God and escape punishment, and conversely for a righteous man to backslide and fall.
conventional	Conventional signs and symbols are universally used in depicting these objects.
conversion	The conversion of the gravel road into a paved road made it much easier for riding bikes.
convert	She'd not yet figured out how to convert their measures of distance to miles.
conversational	Keeping her voice conversational, she asked him without looking up.
conversationally	This was conducted according to the principles enunciated in Locke's Thoughts concerning Education, and the method of teaching Latin and Greek conversationally was pursued with such success by his instructress, Mrs Elizabeth Birch, that at the age of eleven, it is said, Ashley could read both languages with ease.
converse	The problem he set himself was the exact converse of that of Archimedes.
converter	The converter is then turned upright into the position shown in fig.
convertible	Either it is convertible with the subject or it is not.
convexity	The males are usually more brilliantly coloured than the females, and guard the eggs, which are often placed in a sort of nest made of the shell of some bivalve or of the carapace of a crab, with the convexity turned upwards and FIG.
conveyance	A favourite mode of conveyance is by rickshaw.
convict	Convict mechanics are rarely found ready made.
conveyancing	She has worked in residential conveyancing for over 20 years.
conveyancer	He was called to the bar (Lincoln's Inn) in 1876, and made himself a thoroughly competent equity lawyer and conveyancer, but finally devoted himself to comparative jurisprudence and especially the history of English law.
convex	The irregularity of spacing has thus the effect of a convex lens, which accelerates the marginal relatively to the central rays.
convince	Yes, I need to convince her to accept me.
conveyor	The new conveyor will transfer into the existing coal stock feed system.
conveyer	You can either eat around the conveyer belt or there are some booths to sit in.
convincing	Her words didn't sound convincing even to her own ears.
convey	I'll convey your message.
converted	The old dairy would be converted into a bunkhouse, adding more room.
convivial	This is especially fun to do over dinner or other convivial gathering.
convincingly	If he had simply ignored her, she might have been able to get her emotions under control, but now a sob threatened so convincingly that she was afraid to breathe.
conviviality	He bore a great reputation for conviviality, and wrote a humorous Latin version of the popular ballad A soldier and a sailor, A tinker and a tailor, &c.
convoke	The Church called on the emperor to convoke and preside over her councils and to combat heresy; and in order more effectually to crush the latter she replaced primitive independence and local diversity by uniformity of doctrine and worship, and by the hierarchy of dioceses and ecclesiastical provinces.
convocation	They were invited to a council of wider convocation, held at Rome in 382, but very few attended.
conviction	Dusty's conviction was on his face.
convoluted	Dean silently hoped the call wasn't some convoluted effort to restore their relationship, which to his mind was thankfully finished.
convinced	In fact, I think Uncle Fabrice had him convinced that he couldn't sell a cheeseburger to a starving man.
convolution	This class implements a convolution from the source to the destination.
convoy	Dean was enlisted as part of the convoy to the popular spot.
convulsive	Then she would be engulfed by another convulsive sob.
convolvulus	This is the Convolvulus minor of gardens.
convulsion	Any noise, a draught of air or a touch may cause a convulsion.
coo	Dad thinks it's a real coo, but Mom doesn't much care for the idea.
cooking	I enjoy your cooking, sweetheart.
cony	A merchant named Cony refused to pay customs not imposed by parliament, his counsel declaring their levy by ordinance to be contrary to Magna Carta, and Chief Justice Rolle resigning in order to avoid giving judgment.
convulsively	The man was sobbing and choking convulsively.
cookout	You could end the week with a neighborhood cookout.
cookery	The seeds are a main ingredient in Indian cookery.
cooker	Four burner cooker, oven and grill and electric fridge.
cookbook	My favorite cookbook, Apicius, is a 1,500-year-old collection of recipes from ancient Rome.
coolly	She faced him coolly, trying to control her temper.
coolant	Check the level of coolant and that you have enough antifreeze.
coolness	The sound of the water rushing over rocks and the coolness of the water lifted her spirits.
cook	I'll cook for all of us.
cookie	I feel like the kid with his hand in the cookie jar.
cooperative	It depends how cooperative everyone is.
coordinate	Princess birthday parties are easy to plan and coordinate.
coop	She went to the coop first and watered the chickens.
cooperation	In the far higher duty of cooperation he had failed miserably.
cop	I used to be a cop.
cooperage	During the winter, Walter worked in his father's cooperage business in Halsey Valley.
coot	Get your ass down here and drag this old coot home!
cooper	He is probably best known, however, as the founder of the Cooper Union (q.v.).
coordinator	Needless to say, I complained to the coordinator afterward.
copal	The silk-cotton tree (Bombax ceiba), miomba, tamarisk, copal tree (Hymenaea courbaril) are frequent, besides sycamores, banyan trees (Ficus indica) and the deleb palm (Borassus aethiopum).
cool	She woke to a cool dawn.
copaiba	The forest products of the state include fine woods, rubber, ipecacuanha, sarsaparilla, jaborandi, vanilla and copaiba.
cooler	It's cooler this time of the day.
cope	The cope presented to the cathedral treasury by Pope Nicholas IV.
copious	Jackson wrote copious notes.
copepod	I approach the business end cautiously, keen to photograph the parasitic copepod that is found on each shark's eye.
copernican	He demonstrated the rotation of the satellites of Jupiter round the planet, and gave rough predictions of their configurations, proved the rotation of the sun on its axis, established the general truth of the Copernican system as compared with that of Ptolemy, and fairly routed the fanciful dogmas of the philosophers.
copiously	This means no doubt that gold and silver were copiously used in its decoration.
copolymer	The new plant will produce acetal copolymer which both partners will also sell outside China.
coping	Maybe that was his way of coping with the loss of his wife.
copperhead	Among venomous snakes the harlequin, or coral snake (Elaps fulvius) is common along the coast; the copperhead (Agkistrodon contortrix) along the wooded banks of creeks and rivers; the cottonmouth (Agkistrodon piscivorus), in all parts of the state except the more arid districts; the sidewiper, or massasauga (Sistrurus catenatus consors, sometimes called Crotalophorus tergeminus) and the ground rattlesnake (Sistrurus miliarius), in all sections.
coppery	She thrust fingers into her hair, combing them through her tousled coppery locks.
copperas	The first copperas factory in England was established at Queenborough in 1579, by Matthias Falconer, of Brabant.
copperplate	In copperplate printing the whole of the plate is first inked, the flat surface is then cleaned, leaving ink in the incisions or trenches cut by the engraver, so that, when dampened paper is laid over the plate and pressure is brought to bear, the paper sinks into the incisions and takes up the ink, which makes an impression in line or lines on the paper.
copiousness	There is no copiousness of literary reference in his work, such as over-abounded in the civil and ecclesiastical publicists of the i 7th century.
coplanar	But the symbols of ordinary algebra do not necessarily denote numbers; they may, for instance, be interpreted as coplanar points or vectors.
copier	It's best if this is not copied by hand but that you run it through a copier.
coppice	The trees felled will be replaced with a coppice woodland.
copra	Copra is naturally largely prepared, as coco-nut palms are very numerous, and are extensively planted every year.
copper	Here are the oldest and most celebrated copper mines in Europe.
coprolite	The Suffolk beds have been worked since 1846; and immense quantities of coprolite have also been obtained from Essex, Norfolk and Cambridgeshire.
copse	I have seen bricks amid the oak copse there.
copula	Thirdly we have the limiting cases of this in the inductive syllogism 5ui 7riu'mw, 7 a syllogism in the third figure concluding universally, and yet valid because the copula expresses equivalence, and in analogy 8 in which, it has been well said, instances are weighed and not counted.
copter	A copter can't outclimb or outrun most planes.
copt	In addition to the Mahommedan quarters, usually called after the trade of the inhabitants or some notable building, there are the Copt or Christian quarter, the Jews' quarter and the old Frank quarter.
copulatory	Though possessing a complete copulatory apparatus and producing large quantities of spermatozoa, they have lost their sexual instinct and play no part in the economy of the species.
coptic	Strabo mentions linen-weaving as an ancient industry of Panopolis, and it is not altogether a coincidence that the cemetery of Akhmim is one of the chief sources of the beautiful textiles of Roman and Coptic age that are brought from Egypt.
copulation	Eggs deposited in a cocoon after copulation.
copying	In 1827 a combined expedition led by Champollion and Rosellini was despatched by the governments of France and Tuscany, and accomplished a great deal of valuable work in copying scenes and inscriptions.
copycat	Monorail ticket Cheats Go to Saffron City and talk to the girl copycat.
coquettish	Before going to the party, Emma selected a coquettish outfit.
coquetry	Helene was so lovely that not only did she not show any trace of coquetry, but on the contrary she even appeared shy of her unquestionable and all too victorious beauty.
coquette	In one considerable comic fragment attributed to him - the description of a coquette - there is great truth and shrewdness of observation.
copyist	Ibn Sa'd was much more than just a mere copyist.
copyright	Scanning a book creates no new copyright whatsoever.
coracoid	The element often termed coracoid in these fossils would be the scapula.
coracle	I found where Ben Gunn had hidden his boat, the worst coracle ever made by man.
corallite	In the Tubiporidae the spicules of the proximal part of the body-wall are fused together to form a firm tube, the corallite, into which the distal part of the zooid can be retracted.
cord	He held out a black cord with a red gem.
coralline	The term coprolites has been made to include all kinds of phosphatic nodules employed as manures, such, for example, as those obtained from the Coralline and the Red Crag of Suffolk.
corbeil	Refusing to recognize the new archbishop of Canterbury, William of Corbeil, as his superior, Thurstan took no part in his consecration, and on two occasions both archbishops carried their complaints in person to Rome.
corbel	On the outer side of this wall is a projecting corbel.
corded	Scarf is a kind of dhootie made usually with a taped or corded border.
cordial	Alex was cordial to his father and formal to his sister.
cordelier	The Cordeliers were combated by those revolutionists who wished to end the Terror, especially by Danton, and by Camille Desmoulins in his journal Le Vieux Cordelier.
cordially	They were very cordially received by the population of the Canadian port towns.
corbie	In 834 Hamburg became an archbishopric, St Ansgar, a monk of Corbie and known as the apostle of the North, being the first metropolitan.
coral	They contain corals, but are not coral reefs.
cordate	The true balsam poplar, or tacamahac, P. balsamifera, abundant in most parts of Canada and the northern States, is a tree of rather large growth, often of somewhat fastigiate habit, with round shoots and oblong-ovate sharp-pointed leaves, the base never cordate, the petioles round, and the disk deep glossy green above but somewhat downy below.
cordon	Shouldn't we put a cordon round to prevent the rest from running away?
cordage	Machinery, cement, cordage, wire ropes, tobacco, leather, &c. are manufactured.
copy	But we have a copy of it.
cordiality	But now that Kutuzov had spoken to the gentleman ranker, he addressed him with the cordiality of an old friend.
corduroy	Kids and teenagers especially enjoy corduroy comforters.
cordite	But the shot advances during the combustion of the cordite, and the chief problem in interior ballistics is to adjust the G.D.
cordillera	Its situation near the high cordillera gives it a cold, changeable climate.
coriander	Put chicken on top of rice and the sprinkle fresh coriander over the top.
cordless	It offers internet TVs complete with cordless keyboards that come as standard.
corer	Now pierce holes in the polystyrene ball using an apple corer.
corgi	I have an 18-month-old Chihuahua and a year old Corgi that both seem to have lost interest in food.
coriaceous	The coriaceous leaves of sclerophyllous plants also, to some extent, are similarly protective.
corking	I suppose you should have been billing him that way all along, if this is where he's been corking the widow.
corker	It must have been a corker.
corinthian	The Post Office, at the corner of Exchange and Middle streets, is of white Vermont marble and has a Corinthian portico.
corked	The test tube is tightly corked to prevent evaporation, and allowed to stand for some hours.
corkscrew	His spiral horns, twisted for three or four turns like a corkscrew, often reach the length of 30 in.
corky	The bark is thick, light grey, and corky.
core	The sense of peace and calm at his core returned as her energy flowed through him.
cormorant	The great auk, once common on the British coasts, those of Denmark, the east coast of North America, then restricted to those of Newfoundland, Greenland and Iceland, has been killed by man, and the same fate has overtaken the Labrador duck, the Phillip Island parrot, Nestor productus, and the large cormorant of FIG.
corm	Propagation is by the formation of new corms from the parent corm, and by seeds.
cornelian	It is described as a cornelian encased in a silver coin.
cornea	The eye is always a closed vesicle, and the internal cornea is extensive.
cork	The river here enters a branch of Cork harbour.
cornered	Dean cornered Atherton near the entrance.
cornflakes	Seen anyone who is on the telly buying cornflakes out of Tesco?
cornice	A sentimental reformer in architecture, he began at the cornice, not at the foundation.
corneal	Corneal abrasions account for 10 percent of ocular emergency care.
cornet	Paul began playing the cornet aged 6 under the tuition of his father Robert in Dundee, Scotland.
cornflour	Can be thickened with a little cornflour if desired.
corn	There were corn fields on both sides of a dirt road and I was at a crossing.
cornflower	Enriched with cornflower extract, it helps keep puffiness at bay, too!
cornucopia	The cup-shaped involucre of Cornucopia is a dilatation of the axis into a hollow receptacle with a raised border.
corner	From the corner of her eye, she saw Alex watching her.
corny	My sister thinks she's just the funniest, but most of her jokes are really corny.
cornish	Alex didn't like highly spiced food, so she decided to bake Cornish game hens for the base of the meal.
cornstarch	If it doesn't thicken to the right consistency, add the cornstarch and whisk until it thickens.
corolla	The corolla has from five to nine petals, cohering at the base.
corollary	On the whole serfdom appears as a characteristic corollary of feudalism.
corona	A fully developed corona is perhaps the finest form of aurora.
coronation	It contains the magnificent coronation hall of the emperors.
coronal	Topics include recent solar flares, aurora, coronal mass ejection.
coronet	Outside. We're going to Coronet Park.
coroner	The coroner is appointed by the circuit court for a term of two years.
coronoid	The lower jaw is slender, nearly straight, 2-3 and without a coronoid process or inflected angle.
corporate	He was friendly enough, but no threat to anyone and no corporate climber.
coronae	Women's ornaments consisted of brooches (fibulae), bracelets (armillae), armlets (armillae, bracchialia), ear-rings (inliures), necklaces (monilia), wreaths (coronae) and hair-pins (crinales).
coronary	Why the English haven't all died of coronary artery blockage yet is a mystery.
corpora	The midbrain is represented chiefly by the optic lobes, the cortex of which alone is homologous with the corpora quadragemina of the mammals.
corporal	The corporal came, according to orders, to shut the door.
corpse	Or was it the corpse of Mr. Abbott?
corporeal	But the mind is a corporeal thing.
corpulent	In personal appearance he was tall and corpulent, of a dignified presence and extremely powerful physique, with a bald forehead, close-cropped hair and short moustaches.
corporeally	It then proceeds to fix the point of difference in the fact that no agreement had been reached on the question whether the true body and blood of Christ are corporeally present in the bread and wine (Nit vergleicht haben wir uns, ob der war leib and plut Christi leiblich im brot and wein sey).
corpulence	Though the doctors warned him that with his corpulence wine was dangerous for him, he drank a great deal.
corpuscular	To the ultimate explanation of the phenomena with which he dealt he contributed nothing, and it is noteworthy in this connexion that if he did not maintain to the end of his life the corpuscular theory he never explicitly adopted the undulatory theory of light.
corpuscle	When the feminine corpuscle unites with a masculine corpuscle, a certain process is begun.
corporation	This is under the control of the corporation.
corral	When they were both out of the corral, he shut it again.
correction	This is a correction of Chrismann.
correctional	There is also a correctional school at Lima devoted to the education and training of youthful delinquents.
correcting	I would do less correcting and more connecting.
correctness	The correctness of this hypothesis may, however, be doubted.
corrective	The city has a highly developed system of charitable and corrective institutions.
corpus	The poems and letters are edited in the Vienna Corpus script.
corrector	Diocletian placed Lucania and Brittii (as the name was then spelt) under a corrector, whose residence was at Rhegium.
corrected	When she called it his money, he always corrected her and said it was theirs.
correlative	Unlike The Peeler, another feminist work made by a man, Women's Work lacked a masculine correlative.
correlate	More and more the science seeks to discover periodicities and to correlate these with others.
correctly	If I remember correctly, when I asked you to hire someone, you didn't have time.
correspondence	He had a long correspondence with the Eastern authorities, his last letters on the subject being written in 1725.
correlated	Kitson's work in Tasmania shows that there also the glacial beds may be correlated with the lower or Greta Coal Measures of New South Wales.
correct	At least he had found the correct profession.
corps	Our corps was stationed on a hillside.
correspondent	He was also correspondent for the London Times in Japan.
correspondingly	To these phenomena he gives accordingly a correspondingly early date.
corrie	Daniel Macmillan (1813-1857), the founder of the publishing firm of Macmillan & Co., was a native of Corrie.
correlation	It is possible that a correlation may be made between solubility and the energy of surface tension.
correspond	Cute pictures appear that correspond to the letter.
corridor	She continued faster, and followed the corridor as it curved to the left.
corroborate	He was able to corroborate the findings.
corroboration	She may be a witness, and her testimony does not need corroboration.
corrode	Also eventually, hard water can corrode metal, including your water pipes.
corroborative	The two sets of figures show some corroborative features, notably the low frequency from 1860 to 1870.
corrupt	Spilling soda on a disk might corrupt a file.
corrosive	The salt is a corrosive irritant poison when taken internally.
corrosion	Exposure to air and rain also causes slight corrosion, but to nothing like the same extent as occurs with iron, copper or brass.
corruption	He substituted cunning and corruption for violence.
corrugated	The membrane lining the jaws is soft and corrugated.
corruptly	Under the title of Gorboduc it was published first very corruptly in 1565, and in better form as The Tragedy of Ferrex and Porrex in 1570.
corruptible	The whole world is represented by the figure of a tree, of which the seeds and roots are the first indeterminate matter, the leaves the accidents, the twigs and branches corruptible creatures, the blossoms the rational soul, and the fruit pure spirits or angels.
corsair	The corsair retaliated by leading what remained of his navy on a plundering raid to the Balearic Islands.
corsage	The bag comes in silver or gold with a matching corsage.
corse	Each corse lay flat, lifeless and flat, And, by the holy rood!
corsetry	But Rab Butler genuinely believed that there should be a relaxation in laws which he once described as ' Victorian corsetry ' .
corresponding	They are violet-red in colour, and on boiling or long standing with dilute acids they pass into the corresponding roseo-salts.
cortical	The stereom is furnished either by cortical cells or by the tracheal elements, in a few cases by fibres which arc probably homologous with sievetubes.
cortex	The cortex of a young stem is usually green, and plays a more or less important part in the assimilative function.
cortices	Anarchic, hypercellular cortices with disruption of normal cortical lamination and radial alignment of neurones are the striking low-power features.
corset	The waist is long shaped by the tight corset.
cortes	He proclaimed for the constitution drawn up by the Cortes in 1812, which was unworkable, and which the chiefs of the conspiracy did not propose to restore.
corvette	Under Sir Samuel Hood he then proceeded to the Mona passage, where he captured the French corvette Ceres.
cortisone	When too much ACTH is produced, the adrenal glands produce too much cortisone.
corundum	Of the less important minerals, Canada is the world's chief producer of asbestos and corundum.
corymbose	The flowers are arranged in racemes without bracts; during the life of the flower its stalk continues to grow so that the open flowers of an inflorescence stand on a level (that is, are corymbose).
cose	The same qualities are noticeable in his Ritratti delle cose di Francia, which he drew up after an embassy to Louis XII.
cosh	Vale were happy to scramble away or concede another corner as they were under the cosh.
cos	Sulphides of cobalt of composition C04S3, CoS, C03S4, C02S3 and CoS 2 are known.
cosine	Consequently, one of the forms suitable for the teeth of wheels is the involute of a circle; and the obliquity of the action of such teeth is the angle whose cosine is the ratio of the radius of their base-circle to that of the pitch-circle of the wheel.
cosmetology	Hence, she turned toward a new career in cosmetology.
cosmetically	You can get great deals on new, refurbished, or cosmetically imperfect laptops.
cosmetologist	Jacqueline Laurita recently left behind a career as a cosmetologist to become a stay-at-home mom.
cosmic	From black holes in space to strange, cosmic burps.
cosmogonic	The doctrine of emanation is thus to be distinguished from the cosmogonic theory of Judaism and Christianity, which explains human existence as due to a single creative act of a moral agent.
cosmogenic	Techniques using in situ produced cosmogenic nuclides have been developed to date sediments deposited over the past several million years Granger et al.
cosmographer	The soldiers became discontented and deposed Enciso, who was a man of learning and an accomplished cosmographer.
cosmogony	In the Orphic cosmogony the origin of all goes back to Chronos, the personification of time, who produces Aether and Chaos.
cosmological	He supposes in metaphysics the same transcendence in forming cosmological, psychological, and ontological ideals.
cosmography	It is distinguished from cosmography by dealing Cluverius.
cosmonaut	Before he landed the Russians sent the first female cosmonaut into space.
cosmetic	Both men and women avoided washing, but there was something of the nature of a vapour bath, with which Herodotus has confused a custom of using the smoke of hemp as a narcotic. The women daubed themselves with a kind of cosmetic paste.
cosmology	In fact no rational cosmology is possible.
cosmopolitan	The family is cosmopolitan, excepting Madagascar and the whole of the Australian region.
cosmos	But why is it not possible for us to see the total cosmos?
cossack	Tell the Cossack to fetch my kit.
cosmopolitanism	This strain of cosmopolitanism must have been greatly strengthened by the circumstances of his education.
costa	Sir Michael Costa was the conductor 1846-1854, and from his acceptance of that high pitch the fork became known as Costa's, and its inception was attributed to him, though on insufficient grounds.
coster	The best of the novelists of this period, excluding Charles de Coster, was perhaps Estelle Ruelens (née Crevecoeur; 1821-1878); she wrote under the pseudonym of Caroline Graviere.
costing	You'd have thought they were rare gems, not just plastic baubles costing pennies at most.
costliness	They chiefly occur in the earlier cemeteries, and the costliness of their construction confined their use to the wealthiest classes - e.g.
cot	We don't have an extra bed but there's a roll out cot down there.
costumed	Something for grown-ups costumed demonstrators occupy the various buildings.
costumier	Frederick Mortimer Vokes (1846-1888), the son of a costumier, made leis first appearance on the stage in 1854.
coterie	The coterie of ice climbers was beginning to gather on the front porch.
coterminous	Those bids are not coterminous with bids for assisted area status, but the core criteria are, in many cases, coupled.
cost	It must have cost a fortune!
cotillion	Dresses sold as for proms, cotillion or other parties may be your best bet.
cottage	They arrived at a small cottage in a clearing.
cote	French Somaliland French Somaliland (Cote francaise des Somalis) lies at the entrance to the Red Sea.
cottager	These young men went out into the villages, borrowed a chair of a cottager, and spoke from it at open-air meetings.
cotton	Cotton has pretty white and red flowers on it.
cotoneaster	The alpine rose (Rhododendron dauricum) clusters in masses on the higher mountains; juniper, spiraea, sorbus, the pseudo-acacia (Caragana sibirica and C. arborescens, C. jubata in some of the higher tracts), various Rosaceae - Potentilla fruticosa and Cotoneaster uniflora - the wild cherry (Prunus Padus), and many other shrubs occupy the spaces between the trees.
cotter	A lighter vein is to be observed in various dramatic satires written at this time, such as Cotter, Helden and Wieland (1774), Hanswursts Hochzeit, Fastnachtsspiel vorn Pater Brey, Satyros, and in the Singspiele, Erwin and Elmire (1775) and Claudine von Villa Bella (1776); while in the Frankfurter Gelehrte Anzeiger (1772- 1773), Goethe drove home the principles of the new movement of Sturm and Drang in terse and pointed criticism.
cottar	His idyllic masterpiece is the sustained transcript of winter scenery and home-life, Snow-Bound, which has had no equal except Longfellow's Evangeline in American favour, but, in fact, nothing of its class since The Cottar's Saturday Night can justly be compared with it.
costume	Maybe you should take off that wolf costume and show him how it's done.
costly	The new constitution, however, proved costly and unworkable, and failed to satisfy either section of the population.
cotta	Mithradates defeated Cotta, the Roman consul, at Chalcedon; but Lucullus worsted him, and drove him in 72 to take refuge in Armenia with his son-in-law Tigranes.
cough	Anna Pavlovna had had a cough for some days.
could	I wish you could hear yourself talking.
cottony	Some Shih Tzu's have a very cottony hair that mats easily.
couchant	Four stone lions couchant guard the approaches to the bridge.
cotyledon	Cotyledon are among the best known.
cougar	The Mexican cougar (Felis hippolestes aztecus) is found in the west.
coulomb	The practical unit of quantity of electricity, the coulomb, is named after him.
couloir	Once there, I knew I had only the dangerous couloir to face.
coumarin	For the oxy-cinnamic acids see Coumarin.
counsel	This is a counsel of despair.
coulter	The working parts of the plough are the coulter, the share, and the breast or mould-board.
count	If that's all they give you, count yourself lucky.
counselling	In his best known work, Bruges la Morte (1892), he explains that his aim is to evoke the town as a living being, associated with the moods of the spirit, counselling, dissuading from and prompting action.
couch	She curled up on the couch and fell asleep.
countable	This is almost always true of proofs that use countable ordinals.
countenance	Be friendly with all and always have a smiling countenance.
counsellor	His confessor, Yakov Ignatiev, whom he promised to obey as an angel and apostle of God, was his chief counsellor in these days.
councillor	His son Guillaume was a councillor of state and ambassador to England.
countdown	She watched him enter a code and a countdown begin, and guessed he was destroying the comms center.
counteract	Efforts have been made to counteract this feeling by making the Church more distinctly English.
counselor	This is the book I wish my high school guidance counselor had read.
council	You'll get to meet all my council members.
counterblast	He wrote (in Italian) a book called The Learned Man as a counterblast to the widespread reading of romances, and also a history of his order in 6 vols.
counterclockwise	Turn the cap counterclockwise to remove it.
counterbalance	Counterbalance chains for the winding engines are used in the collieries of the Midland districts of England.
counterfoil	All ballot papers are numbered and have a counterfoil with the same number.
counter	Carmen grabbed the thermometer from the counter and gave it to him.
counterpart	The active contraction of muscular tissue has no counterpart in the plant.
countermovement	There was an outburst of warlike feeling in the United States (with a countermovement in the North), and an invasion of Mexico was planned by three routes - from Matamoros towards Monterey in New Leon, from San Antonio de Bexar to Chihuahua, r and from Fort Leavenworth to New Mexico.
countermove	Finally, as a countermove to the Austrian efforts to break up the Zoliverein, the latter came to terms with the Steuerverein, which, on the 1st of January 1854, was absorbed in the Prussian system.
counterfeit	This instrument was devised for the purpose of detecting counterfeit coin, especially guineas and half-guineas.
counterpoint	There was an ironic counterpoint buried in the music and lyrics.
counterscarp	They had incurred an additional loss of 13,000 men without substantial gain, except a lodgment on the counterscarp of Sung-Shu.
counterrevolution	How, in that case, is the imperceptible, gradual, bourgeois counterrevolution conceivable?
countless	He had twenty assassins to rescue and countless souls waiting to be claimed.
counterpoise	The weight of the handles and their supports is balanced by the counterpoise z.
country	The country was wild and beautiful.
countervailing	From 1899 to 1904 a countervailing duty was imposed on bounty-fed beet sugar.
countrified	Our little place was very countrified, considering that it is so close to town.
countryside	Do you ever miss the countryside? she asked.
counterweight	The evil child was supposed to provide a counterweight to the good influence of Jesus Christ on earth.
coup	The emperor's first great coup thus failed.
couple	I have a couple of polo shirts, but no light shirts.
coupler	The essential change from the link and pin to the automatic coupler is in the outboard end or head of the draw-bar.
couplet	His handling of the elegiac couplet, and especially of its second line, deserves especial recognition.
courage	I know you have the courage to talk to him.
coupling	There were no coupling rods.
courageously	Carmen plunged into things courageously without taking the time to think things through.
countrywoman	Nevertheless veils were not usually worn out of doors, the countrywoman of to-day is not veiled, and it is uncertain whether there is any early parallel for the yashmak, the narrow strip which covers the face below the eyes and hangs down to the feet.
countryman	From this point the work was carried on by Philistus's fellow countryman Athanas.
courier	A courier has arrived and there's a letter for you.
course	Of course, he was just a kid.
coupled	That thought coupled with her nightmare made her even angrier at not being able to eat.
court	You'll have to report to court tomorrow morning.
courteous	The courteous ideal of French chivalry, with its delectable language, was adopted by all seigniorial Europe, which thus became animated, as it were, by the life-blood of France.
county	The county borough was created in 1888.
countess	He married in 1847 the countess Clam-Martinic, but there was no issue of the marriage.
courteously	For all these reasons he courteously declined the offer made to him.
courageous	You're a very resourceful and courageous person.
courgette	Stir in the grated courgette to the mixture, then gently fold in the whisked egg white.
courtesy	His abilities, his courtesy and his upright character made him a universal favourite.
coursing	Coursing black-buck with the cheeta is a favourite Indian sport.
courtesan	Subsequently she lived as a courtesan under the name of Mdlle Lange.
courseware	Clive generic self-testing shells was also seen as a useful tool for immediate delivery of courseware.
cousin	My cousin Frank lives in Louisville.
courtier	Hooper speaks of himself at this period as being a courtier and living too much of a court life in the palace of our king.
courtship	This courtship has been going on too long and you're getting bored.
couture	Now 34, his bespoke couture suits have been credited with injecting some modern flair into Savile Row.
courtly	Still he was a cultured and courtly prince, who could win popularity.
coupon	You may also find valuable coupon's in your Sunday newspaper.
covalent	Silicon being a larger atom than carbon can form only a single covalent bond with an oxygen atom.
couscous	I did make some very nice couscous last night.
courtyard	She looked again at the sunlit courtyard beyond her window.
couvade	Couvade syndrome is found mostly in industrialized societies (Clinton 1987) where couvade syndrome is found mostly in industrialized societies (Clinton 1987) where couvade ritual is not practiced (Helman 2001 ).
covenant	A covenant runs with the land if it relates either to a thing in esse, which is part and parcel of the demise, e.g.
coven	As everyone knows, a gathering of witches is called a coven.
covariance	We now use matrix perturbation theory to compute the covariance of based on this zero approximation.
cove	It lies on a cove sheltered by two projecting headlands.
covenanter	Of the Covenanter bodies the synod of the Reformed Presbyterian Church has a theological seminary in Allegheny (Pittsburg), established in 1856, and the general synod in 1887 organized a college at Cedarville, Ohio.
covenanted	The people covenanted not to use British goods and to suspend trade with Great Britain.
covariant	If the forms be identical the sets of symbols are ultimately equated, and the form, provided it does not vanish, is a covariant of the form ate.
covent	In 1640 Lord Coventry died, and Cooper then lived with his brother-in-law at Dorchester House in Covent Garden.
coveralls	We can even provide unisex coveralls to keep your designer outdoor gear from getting too muddy!
covert	Still other predators use their covert information to stalk the kids.
coverlet	Amused, Lana tossed off her coverlet.
covetable	The better judgment in all affairs derives from this quality, which has some very covetable advantages for its possessor.
coverture	All property which either husband or wife acquires during the marriage, other than by gift, devise or descent, is their common property, and during coverture may be disposed of by the husband only; on the death of the husband the widow has one-half of the property, which they held in common.
covertly	She eyed Giddon covertly.
covetousness	He was ordained by order of Belisarius while Silverius was still alive; his elevation was due to Theodora, who, by an appeal at once to his ambition and, it is said, to his covetousness, had induced him to promise to disallow the council of Chalcedon, in connexion with the three chapters controversy.
cover	She crossed her arms, forcing herself not to cover her neck as four sets of eyes landed there.
covetous	Augustus was a covetous, cruel and superstitious man, but these qualities were redeemed by his political caution and his wise methods of government.
covet	The result is something almost any woman would covet.
covey	Several times they scared up a covey of quail and once even a wild pig.
coward	No one thinks you a coward, but that's not the point.
covered	Snow covered his hair, and his skin was cold.
covering	She turned away, covering her face, and began to cry.
cowboy	She kicked her cowboy boots off and pulled the mud boots on.
cowardice	His display of cowardice was pitiful.
cowgirl	It might feature the bride and groom in square-dance clothing or dressed up as a cowboy and cowgirl, or it could be a sugar model of a cowboy boot or horseshoe.
cowherd	And Caedmon, the poor cowherd of the abbey, was the first great poet of England.
cowardly	He had behaved like a cowardly recruit who mutilates himself to escape military service.
cowbell	Put simply, no other cowbell in history has been as widely recorded.
cower	The anxiouschild did nothing but cower in the corner of the noisy classroom.
cowl	On the cowl they wore a red cross; and a broad-brimmed hat, a staff, sack and gourd completed their equipment.
coworker	To pull it off wrap everything in a coworker's office in foil, including office supplies, the desk, the chair and the computer.
cow	The Latin word for cow is vacca.
cowling	The album is also memorable for the appearance of one Nicko McBrain on drums alongside long time bassist ' Mars ' Cowling.
cowpox	Jenner identified that she had caught cowpox from the cows she handled each day.
cowshed	Ruth visits the cowshed to see how things are going but is despatched to rustle up some food.
cowslip	The leaves form a radical rosette as in Primula (primrose, cowslip, &c.), or there is a well-developed aerial stem which is erect, as in species of Lysimachia, or creeping, as in Lysimachia Nummularia (creeping jenny or money-wort).
coxae	Palamnaeus indus, de Geer, to show the arrangement of the coxae of the limbs, the sternal elements, genital plate and pectens.
coxswain	Joining the Royal Naval Patrol Service in the Second World War, he became a coxswain in Minor Personnel Landing Craft.
cox	Cox secured the nomination.
coxa	The y are really excretory glands, and communicate with the exterior by a very minute aperture on the posterior face of the coxa of the fifth limb on each side.
coxcomb	That he was a coxcomb and a bore, weak, vain, pushing, curious, garrulous, was obvious to all who were acquainted with him.
coyly	She smiled down at him coyly.
coxal	Coxal glands have since been recognized and described in other Arachnida.
coy	Your buddy is being a little coy but he's hung around the wrong people long enough to pick up some information.
coz	I'll re-check once I get home, coz I'm in Plymouth atm and it's a good 3+ hours drive back.
cozy	The night was cold and she was cozy in the bed.
coyote	A coyote howled in the distance and another answered.
coypu	The three remaining families of the Hystricoidea, of which one is African while the other two are chiefly South American, are very closely allied and often brigaded in a single family group. In the Capromyidae, which includes only the South American and West Indian hutias, the South American coypu and the African cane-rats, the tympanic bulla of the skull is hollow, the par-occipital process straight, the lachrymal small, and the cheekteeth rooted, with deep enamel-folds; the first front toe Leing occasionally absent.
crab	It was a great horseshoe crab--the first one I had ever seen.
coziness	All she wanted was the coziness of her studio, where she could block out everything and paint.
cpi	But the revolutionary movement was stopped short with the active connivance of the Stalinist CPI leadership.
coverage	The best thing about this mobile phone is its almost ubiquitous coverage.
cpu	The greater the number, the less CPU the process gets.
cps	Use of pre-charge bail is a critical element in the success of CPS lawyers at the point of charge.
crabbed	Though not despising the Machiavellian arts of statecraft so universally practised in his day, he was nevertheless by nature plain-spoken and sincere, and in his last years grew violent and crabbed.
crabbing	For example, you can swim in the Pacific ocean, relax on the beach, go fishing or crabbing on the bay, or participate in available ranger programs.
cp	The C of CP stands for charge conjugation, the P for parity.
crabby	If I go too long without diving, I tend to get very crabby!
crackdown	Police are set to launch a major crackdown on speeding pedal cyclists.
cracker	As a sandwich, deviled ham is best on toast, but as a dip it elevates your favorite cracker to hors d'oeuvre status.
crackle	There was a crackle on the line.
crackling	Crackling is much better than that faint wheezing.
cracking	Cracking it open, she peered out.
cradle	The baby was asleep in her cradle, and he must not make a noise and waken her.
crackled	Her radio crackled in the background.
cracked	The skull was cracked and broken.
craft	The craft door opened, and a figure strode out.
crackly	It's a little crackly and we reckon it could be a tad noisy in wind conditions.
crack	He paused near the crack in the ground.
crackpot	This might sound a bit crackpot but I do actually believe that language institutes reality in some mysterious way.
cradling	Señor Medena leaned forward, cradling the cup of coffee in both hands.
craftily	The Topeka government was simply a craftily impressive organization, a standing protest.
craftiness	No matter your level of craftiness, it is possible to find the perfect fish for your son or daughter.
crafter	They are also easy to create, allowing anyone - from the experienced crafter to the beginner - to make an adorable diaper cake.
crag	At the base of the Red Crag in that county is a bed, 3 to 18 in.
craftsman	A craftsman often adopted a son to learn the craft.
craggy	These two creeks form very deep, craggy canyons.
cramped	His stomach cramped at the memory of that cliff.
craftsmanship	In literary craftsmanship, at once versatile and accomplished, he has no superior and scarcely a rival.
crake	Blackbirds and thrushes are not found, nor any species of parrot, but on the other hand, we have the hoopoe (yatsugashira), the red-breast (komadori), the bluebird (run), the wren (miso-sazai), the golden-crested wren (itadaki), the golden-eagle (inu-washi), the finch (hiwa), the longtailed rosefinch (benimashiko), the ouzelbrown (akahara), dusky (tsugumi) and water (kawa-garasu)the kingfisher (kawasems), the crake (kuina) and the tomtit (kara).
crampon	A more rigid twelve point crampon is better for winter climbing.
cramp	A stomach cramp reminded her that she hadn't eaten lunch.
cram	It held all the weapons she could cram in there.
crafty	But the ataman was as crafty as he was cruel.
cranberry	In the south-central part of the state there are valuable cranberry marshes.
crania	In Crania, where only indications of the lip-sinus occur, there are two other closed spaces.
cranium	The cranium, pronounced by Huxley to be the most ape-like yet discovered, was remarkable for its enormous superciliary ridges.
crane	The crane is a large and strong bird.
cranesbill	Here we found meadow and bloody cranesbill, creeping jenny and rock stonecrop, as well as hoary plantain in flower.
craniofacial	It is often associated with other craniofacial abnormalities, including Crouzon syndrome, Apert syndrome, Pfeiffer syndrome, and Saethre-Chotzen syndrome.
crap	Now, I am treated like crap and practically ignored.
cranial	The skull is high, with -the facial and cranial portions approximately equal.
cranky	He's been cranky all night.
crankshaft	The brake's rotor was coupled to the engine's crankshaft.
cranny	Anyway, she knew every nook and cranny of her acreage.
crape	There are large silk and crape works.
crappy	I started working when I was 13, and was used to crappy jobs with long hours, so by the time I got to shooting on a soap it was like a dream come true for me.
craps	Dear Mark, A simple question I realize, but, exactly what is the difference between a right and wrong bettor in craps?
crank	Katie turned the crank at the base of the bed.
crass	They aren't the type of people to be sloppy or crass.
cratch	This would also be convenient as by that time I would have made the cratch.
crave	In fact, she didn't crave anything anymore.
craving	I have a big craving for sweets.
crate	Melissa motioned to a crate of oranges.
crater	The crater is divided by a wooded rock-wall.
crash	A crash came from the hallway.
cravat	Styles varied from the plain cravat to those edged with lace or fringe.
craven	Panic slowly crossed his craven countenance.
crawfish	Blind crawfish (Cambarus pellucidus)inhabit the Crawfish Spring.
craze	The craze pervaded all classes.
crawler	We hire site accomodation, materials handling equipment, generators, tower cranes, self erecting cranes, crawler cranes and marine equipment.
crayon	Missy gets a red crayon to color the giraffe's eyes.
crazy	The idea is as crazy as the rest of this business!
craw	If he thinks she has him trapped, he'll be a rat in a cheese house with a craw full of cheddar, snarling and biting to get out.
crazed	His silver eyes opened, glowing almost crazed in the night.
creak	She didn't walk far before she heard the creak and snap of branches.
craziness	Within reason, a little craziness is allowable during a pep rally.
crayfish	Prawns, crayfish and oysters are also obtainable, and turtle (Chelonia mydas) are frequently captured.
crc	Their configuration was determined by their relationship to their oxalo-derivatives; the cis-dichloro chloride, [CrC 2 H 4 (NH 2) 2 C1 2 ]Cl-H 2 0, compound with potassium oxalate gave a carmine red crystalline complex salt, [Cr{C2H4(NH2)2}C204][CrC2H4(NH2)2-(C204)2]12H20, while from the trans-chloride a red complex salt is obtained containing the unaltered trans-dichloro group [CrC2H4(NH2)2 C12]
creaminess	A spoon of dry organic powdered milk will add creaminess and richness to the omelet.
creaky	He imagined Jame's creaky voice chanting it with him.
crawl	They do not sting, but crawl away from danger.
creamer	He asked, lifting the creamer.
creaseless	I was happy to discover that this is one of the few cream shadows that actually is creaseless.
create	They were paying someone to create it and then paying someone to carry it.
creamery	The first creamery in Nebraska was established in 1881.
creation	Man is the creation of an all-powerful, all-good, and all-seeing God.
creatinine	Kinetic methods which measure the clearances (removal) of urea and creatinine are now the gold standard for the assessment of dialysis adequacy.
creative	He was not a great original thinker; he lacked the creative faculty and the creative impulse.
creasy	His kingdom was distracted by intestine divisions and rebellion, and the foe i Creasy says that Suliman led his armies against the Persians in several campaigns (1533, 1534, 1535, 1548, 1553, 1554), during which the Turks often suffered severely through the difficult nature of the countries traversed, as well as through the bravery and activity af the enemy.
crease	A ripe leaf easily cracks or shows a crease when folded between the fingers.
creationism	I just saw the poll for the first time that 48% think creationism should be taught as fact.
creatine	If you choose to take creatine, follow the labels instructions carefully.
creature	What kind of creature could do this?
creamy	She wasn't certain she liked them; they clashed with the creamy décor of the apartment.
creatively	It is Plato's idea of the Good regarded as creatively active.
credence	You people have lost your credence with me.
cream	She jabbed the spoon in the ice cream and sighed.
credibly	But Clive was followed by two inefficient successors; and in 1770 occurred the most terrible Indian famine on record, which is credibly estimated to have swept away one-third of the population.
credible	Reference credible sources to strengthen your argument.
credibility	Our credibility is important to us.
credentials	It will verify the credentials of any service people who come by.
credo	In that case, all who accept a revelation without professing to understand its content would require to be ranked as mystics; the fierce sincerity of Tertullian's credo quia ab-' surdum, Pascal's reconciliation of contradictions in Jesus Christ, and Bayle's half-sneering subordination of reason to faith would all be marks of this standpoint.
creator	God, as the only selfsubsistent and necessary being, is the creator of all things.
creativity	Any task a computer can do better than a person is, by definition, a task requiring no human creativity or ingenuity.
creditable	At the end of October 1785 he closed a scholastic career which had been creditable but not brilliant.
creditworthy	They offer help in acquiring creditworthy customers, improving collection efforts, preventing money laundering, improving marketing, and improving business to business results.
credulity	Curiosity and credulity, then, are the characteristics of the savage intellect.
creditability	A written report from a home inspector can be immediately valuable to show the prospective buyers the condition of the home, often with more creditability than if the same information had been said by the seller.
cree	Thus in Scotland the Cree and other streams enter Wigtown Bay; the Dee, Kirkcudbright Bay; Auchencairn Bay and Rough Firth receive numerous small streams, and the Nith discharges through a long estuary.
credulous	Credulous people can often be easy targets for scams.
creditably	The least creditably administered of these are the asylums for abandoned infants; in I887, of a total of 23,913, 53.77% died; while during the years 1893-1896 (no later statistics are available) of 117,970 51.72% died.
creditor	If a debtor had neither money nor crop, the creditor must not refuse goods.
creeping	Brady was creeping forward.
creel	Joseph was ready to end the conversation but Dean was hoping for more fish in his creel.
creepy	It's a little creepy to have someone like that around.
creep	I'll be as quiet as a kitten in slippers as I creep up to the bedroom.
creeper	The pito is a brown speckled creeper which flutters about the rocks.
cremation	Among these the cremation ceremonies are especially conspicuous.
crematorium	The crematorium was long regarded as a model for such establishments.
crenelated	A well-built, crenelated stone wall from 20 to 30 ft.
crenellated	Kairawan, in shape an irregular oblong, is surrounded by a crenellated brick wall with towers and bastions and five gates.
creole	The Creole population increased and was steadily recruited from home.
creosote	In a BBC2 transmission Wild in Your Garden in May 2003, Simon King advised using creosote soaked rags to repel badgers.
crepe	We'd only had a crepe for lunch about an hour ago.. .
crepuscular	With the sun rising behind there was a short display of upward crepuscular rays.
crescendo	The sound began as light pecks on the window, and quickly grew to a crescendo of crashing rocks.
crept	A cold chill crept up her spine, raising the hair on the back of her neck.
creek	The creek was clear and swift.
cress	In the violet the calycine segments are prolonged downwards beyond their insertions, and in the Indian cress (Tropaeolum) this prolongation is in the form of a spur (calcar), formed by three sepals; in Delphinium it is formed by one.
crescent	The bisquits were formed into a crescent shape.
cretin	You have just shown yourself for what you are, a complete and utter cretin.
crescentic	There is usually a short gap between the canine and first premolar; the upper molars are short-crowned and transitional between the bunodont (tubercular) and selenodont (crescentic) types, with two outer concave tubercles and two inner conical ones; while the lower molars are crescentic, with three lobes in the last of the series..
creed	I live by a certain creed, one that runs in our family.
cretinism	Littre defines them as a people of the Pyrenees affected with a kind of cretinism.
crested	As dawn had crested, he felt wearied yet energized.
crevasse	The work required to produce this crevasse is twice the product of the tension and the area of one of the faces.
cribbage	But wait -- I'm in a dark wood den filled with old men smoking pipes and playing cribbage.
crevice	Formerly letters were left by passing ships in a crevice in one of the rocks.
crick	She shifted her attention to the fire and rubbed the beginnings of a crick from her neck.
cretaceous	The latest Cretaceous is the Ripley formation, which lies west of the northern part of the last-named, and, about Scooba, in a small strip, the most southerly of the Cretaceous - it is composed of coarse sandstones, hard crystalline white limestones, clays, sands, phosphatic greensands, and darkcoloured, micaceous, glauconitic marls; its greatest thickness is about 280 ft.
cried	She almost cried in relief.
crest	I can see them at the crest of the hill.
cricketer	Alfred, the youngest, was the most famous cricketer of them all.
cricoid	One of the patients with cricoid chondrosarcoma developed recurrence 8 years after conservation surgery, and required a total laryngectomy for salvage.
crime	You're not accused of any crime so I'm not harboring any fugitives.
crier	Oh, of course, Ormskirk has a town crier, another part of Ormskirk's history.
cricket	At cricket he was equally good as a bat and as a wicket-keeper.
crew	The crew left the ship because it was under fire.
criminology	Together they contribute to the field of cultural criminology.
cringe	The realization made her want to laugh and cringe at the same time.
criminality	The issue of drugs was also linked to armed criminality in the area.
cringing	She felt his cold gaze and didn't face him, cringing instead.
crimping	Splints can provide support, help you avoid bending the hands and wrists awkwardly and reduce the chance of crimping any nerves.
crinkle	The scent of rain and oil made her nose crinkle after so long in the condo.
crib	Martha lifted her daughter from her crib, cuddled her briefly, and sat in a corner rocker.
crimp	Toe in break then crimp to good holds with a long reach.
crimson	Crimson painted toes and fingernails matched the gown perfectly.
crinoid	MacBride (op. cit.), who has insisted that in the fixed stage of the developing starfish, Asterina, the relations of these plates to the stem are quite different from those which they bear in the developing and adult crinoid.
cripple	Cripple Creek was at that time a cattle range.
criminal	I don't want some dangerous criminal living next door.
crinoline	For really dressy occasions, choose a silver taffeta dress with a crinoline netting that creates a full-skirt, or forgo the traditional crimson color and choose a rich velvet maroon dress with capped sleeves.
crippling	Crippling pain began to take over her mind and body.
crips	Anthony is an 18 year old member of the Crips.
criollo	Chocolate Pepper is an exotic mixture of rare criollo cocoa rich in chocolate flavor with pink peppercorns.
crises	This was one of the gravest crises in Moltke's career.
crispy	He.d spent many wonderful nights in the now crispy bed.
crisper	Carmen pulled the crisper drawer out and tossed the broccoli in it.
criteria	We have specific criteria and certain limitations.
crispness	The crispness and the great color of your monitor are only as good as the video card that you're using too.
criterion	Feeling, therefore, is the only possible criterion alike of knowledge and of conduct.
critically	She stood back and eyed herself critically in the mirror.
crisply	She seemed to be moving so slowly, crisply aware of every sensation, every thought.
criticism	He listened to no adverse criticism and receded before no obstacle.
criticize	Now all of a sudden you have time to criticize my judgment.
criticise	But Warwick was one of those ministers who love to do everything for themselves, and chafe at masters and colleagues who presume to check or to criticise their actions.
critique	Such is the train of thought as stated for us in the Critique of Practical Reason.
crista	On the outer side of the humerus between the head and the crista inferior is a groove lodging one of the coraco-humeral ligaments.
croak	The only question was who would croak first.
crisis	In 1887 a severe banking crisis occurred in Sardinia.
crock	The first electric crock pots were simplistic in design with a dial setting of low, medium and high.
crisp	She swallowed down a crisp reply.
crocket	Crocket - column capital with stylized leaves with ends rolled like small volutes.
crochet	Miss Keller used to knit and crochet, but she has had better things to do.
crockery	Large quantities of earthenware and crockery are made, especially at Ilmenau.
crocodilian	The Varanidae stand quite alone, in many respects the highest of all lizards, with some, quite superficial, Crocodilian resemblances.
critical	At least he didn't look so critical now.
crocus	I noticed some crocus and daffodils coming up in the front.
croesus	His brother and Augustus, after fighting with great distinction against the Turks both by land and sea (Prince Eugene decorated him with a sword of honour for his valour at the siege of Belgrade), had returned home to marry Sophia Sieniawska, whose fabulous dowry won for her husband the sobriquet of the Family Croesus.
crocoisite	Of other lead minerals we may mention the basic sulphate lanarkite, PbO PbSO 4; leadhillite, PbSO 4.3PbCO 3; the basic chlorides matlockite, PbO PbC12j and mendipite, PbC1 2.2PbO; the chloro-phosphate pyromorphite, PbC12.3Pb3(P04)2, the chloro-arsenate mimetesite, PbC12.3Pb3(As04)2; the molybdate wulfenite, PbMoO 4; the chromate crocoite or crocoisite, PbCrO 4; the tungstate stolzite, PbW04.
crofter	A Crofters' Commission constituted under the acts has power to fix fair rents, and the crofter on renunciation of his tenancy or removal from his holding is entitled to compensation for permanent improvements.
croft	The memorial stands by the river above the church, and above again lie the Bancroft or Bank croft gardens where, in.
crofting	A crofter is defined as a tenant of a holding - being arable or pasture land, or partly arable and partly pasture land - from year to year who resides on his holding, the annual rent of which does not exceed £30 in money, and which is situated in a ` crofting parish.'
crocodile	The crocodile is found in some of the rivers.
critic	A recent critic has sought in religion the clue to her character and the mainspring of her genius.
crooked	Cynthia crooked her eyebrow.
crone	However, contrary to widely held belief she is not a wizened crone.
cromlech	Several remains of antiquity exist in the neighbourhood, among them a cromlech called Kit's Coty House, about a mile north-east from the village.
crook	Cade stood, gently tucking Zack into the crook of his arm.
croissant	She reached forward for a croissant and bit into it, almost groaning at the buttery, flaky, airy bread.
croquet	In Pall Mall and the neighbouring Mall in St James' Park is found the title of a game resembling croquet.
crooner	Country crooner Kenney Chesney and Bridgette Jones actress Renee Zellweger caught the world by surprise when they successfully pulled off a secret beach wedding in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
cropping	I don't want any unfinished business cropping up later.
cropper	The word is said to mean cropper or trimmer, from the animal's habit of feeding on the branches of trees.
crossness	The southern outfall works of the London main drainage system are at Crossness in the neighbouring lowland called Plumstead Marshes.
crosshair	If it still shows a red crosshair, he is still alive.
crop	The summer had been very dry and the corn crop had failed.
crosstown	The crosstown trip through deserted streets took less than ten minutes.
crossroads	In a side street near the crossroads where the vehicles had stopped, a house and some shops were on fire.
crossover	With a crossover cable, two pairs of wires are reversed at one connector end.
crossed	Of course it never crossed your mind.
crosswise	Crocodiles are caught in various ways, - for instance, with two pointed sticks, which are fastened crosswise within the bait, an animal's entrails, to which is attached a rope.
crosswind	In my defense, there's quite a strong crosswind in that park.
crotch	She leaned against him, her hand trailing down his chest and settling on his crotch.
cross	He let a rare smile cross his face.
crossing	I warned her about crossing the line.
crotchety	Eventually, I got to see a little foreign guy who was rather crotchety.
crotchet	By means of six accents, one bar and a crotchet it is possible to note with sufficient precision the indications of tone without which the Annamese words have no sense for the natives.
crossword	Some have suggested that doing crossword puzzles helps keep the mind active.
croton	Even rood years after this period, the dog was highly esteemed in Egypt for its sagacity and other excellent qualities; for when Pythagoras, after his return from Egypt, founded a new sect in Greece, and at Croton in southern Italy, he taught, with the Egyptian philosophers, that at the death of the body the soul entered into that of various animals.
crowd	The crowd began to cheer.
crowded	The men crowded together round the campfires.
crouch	He patted her arm then moved to crouch beside Elise, waiting.
croup	If a child has had croup before, it tends to recur when they have a cold.
crow	I was eating crow on that one within a few days.
crowbar	Wear gloves when using a crowbar to avoid blisters.
crowfoot	Both the River Lagan and the Upper Bann have river water crowfoot.
crt	The captured images are displayed on a CRT calibrated by the tristimulus colorimeter.
crowning	The latter seen from a distance resembles a medieval castle crowning a hill-top.
cru	It is the premier grand cru of English gardens, owned by the same family, the bankers Hoare, from 1715 to 1947.
crozier	A memorial in Church Square commemorates the Franklin expedition to the discovery of the North-West Passage, and in particular Captain Francis Crozier, who was born at Banbridge in 1796 and served on the expedition.
crucially	Crucially, those already receiving an incapacity benefit can participate voluntarily.
cruciate	The tetraspores may arise by the simultaneous division of the contents of a sporangium, when they are arranged tetrahedrally, or they may arise by two successive divisions, in which case the arrangement may be zonate when the spores are in a row, or cruciate when the second divisions are at right angles to the first, or tetrahedral when the second divisions are at right angles to the first and also to one another.
cruciferous	The cereal crops (wheat, barley, oats, rye, maize); the cruciferous crops (turnips, cabbage, kale, rape, mustard); the solanaceous crops (potatoes); the chenopodiaceous crops (mangels, sugar-beets), and other non-leguminous crops have, so far as is known, no such power, and are therefore more or less benefited by the direct application of nitrogenous manures.
crucifix	At present funeral processions survive in general only in the country districts; the processional cross or crucifix is still carried.
crucian	In the wild state its colours do not differ from those of a Crucian carp, and like that fish it is tenacious of life and easily domesticated.
crucify	Florus actually dared to scourge and crucify Jews who belonged to the Roman order of knights.
crucible	The depression separating the two lower lobes from the lobus caudatus, and known as the porta hepatis, was appropriately designated as the crucible of the liver.
cruciform	The church of All Saints is cruciform, with central tower and spire.
crucifixion	The crucifixion of Jesus was sanctioned by Pontius Pilate, who was procurator of Judaea A.D.
crud	Clean out the bottom fork stem hole to remove any crud.
crown	It did not revert to the crown till his death in 1447.
crudely	Jobs created, for example, can be crudely exploitative.
crudity	His son records the way in which he spent the night before the battle of Muret with a crudity of language which defies translation, and tells us that his father was too exhausted in the morning to stand at Mass, and had to be lifted into the saddle by his squires.
crucial	The position of Damascus is a position of crucial importance from 1130 to 1154.
cruise	I want to take a cruise, I think, when Ashley graduates.
cruelly	He did not dislike the work, but was or thought himself cruelly treated.
crudeness	His biographer attributes the comparative failure of the Clavis to its inferiority in point of style, but the crudeness of his thought had quite as much to do with his failure to gain a hearing.
crude	They were very rough and crude, but strong and serviceable.
cruiser	In 2008, the Blue Mountain skiing area added the Dreamweaver Trail, a cruiser that is 100 feet wide throughout the entirety of the trail.
crumb	He brushed a crumb from the seat and cleared his throat.
crumble	The book's ancient pages were so brittle, he feared they would crumble before he finished.
crummy	I'd like to see a crummy meerkat do that!
crumple	Crumple it up and see if it bounces back without wrinkles.
crumbly	When dry and in a crumbly state it is harrowed and spread and finally ploughed in and mixed with the soil.
crunch	The lettuce added crunch to the sandwich.
crumpet	How about a nice hot crumpet with butter dripping down the sides?
cruel	He was a cruel and nasty man.
cruising	De Ruyter remained cruising in the Channel till the peace of Breda was signed in July.
crunode	In this case the centre is a crunode and the curve resembles fig.
crunchy	The cabbage should be slightly crunchy, not soft.
cruelty	He remembered his cruelty from the night and glanced at the couch.
crural	The crural glands, which occur in many terrestrial Arthropods, are epidermal in origin and totally distinct from the coxal glands.
crus	Several premiers crus were on show, but not from exceptional vintages.
crusader	For five years Richard was away from his dominions as a crusader or a captive.
cruse	Elijah was fed by ravens... the widow's cruse never ran out of oil.. .
crustaceous	This mode has some disadvantages attending it; such sheets are difficult to handle; the crustaceous species are liable to have their surfaces rubbed; the foliaceous species become so compressed as to lose their characteristic appearance; and the spaces between the sheets caused by the thickness of the specimen permit the entrance of dust.
crustacean	It is then, if lucky, eaten by some crustacean, or insect, more rarely by a fish.
crusher	The Krajewski crusher has two such E steel rolls, with V-shaped corrugations extending longi tudinally across them.
crustal	The basins have been variously ascribed to glacial erosion, to obstruction of normal outlet valleys by barriers of glacial drift, and to crustal warping in connection with or independent of the presence of the glacial sheet.
crusted	Drool crusted one corner of his mouth.
crushing	Gentlemen, you are crushing me!...
crutched	Besides the four great orders of friars, the Trinitarians, though really canons, were in England called Trinity Friars or Red Friars; the Crutched or Crossed Friars were often identified with them, but were really a distinct order; there were also a number of lesser orders of friars, many of which were suppressed by the second council of Lyons in 1274.
crust	Who knows but if our instruments were delicate enough we might detect an undulation in the crust of the earth?
crusty	He gets kind of crusty sometimes, but he's a mighty fine boy.
cry	There she collapsed on the bed and started to cry – quietly this time.
crying	I could hear the baby crying the background.
crux	That is the crux of the matter.
crutch	Her attention focused on finding something to use as a crutch.
crusade	The third crusade numbered among its chiefs Floris III.
cryogenic	The cryogenic detectors will need to have their cryogen replenished at 2-3 year intervals and this can be done only from LEO.
crypt	Gabriel knew how sensitive the crypt in the basement was.
cryostat	The researchers can cool a beam of hydrogen atoms using a helium cryostat to just 10 degrees above absolute zero.
cryotherapy	Cryotherapy
cryptic	The cryptic response made her hesitate.
crush	I had an awful crush on him when we were in high school.
cryolite	A few other minerals may be noticed, and some have been worked to a small extent - graphite is abundant, particularly near Upernivik; cryolite is found almost exclusively at Ivigtut; copper has been observed at several places, but only in nodules and laminae of limited extent; and coal of poor quality is found in the districts about Disco Bay and Umanak Fjord.
crypto	Enable the Bulletproof Crypto Ammo-A-Plenty codes while on your saucer.
cryptogram	An interesting puzzle site which features a daily cryptogram.
cryptography	To regard these letters as ciphers is a precarious hypothesis, for the simple reason that cryptography is not to be looked for in the very infancy of Arabic writing.
cryptogamic	Hales (1727I 733) discussed the rotting of wounds, cankers, &c., but much had to be done with the microscope before any real progress was possible, and it is easily intelligible that until the theory of nutrition of the higher plants had been founded by the work of Ingenhouss, Priestley and De Saussure, the way was not even prepared for accurate knowledge of cryptogamic parasites and the diseases they induce.
cryptographic	A cryptographic machine, which changed the cipher automatically and printed a message, entirely unintelligible until translated by a duplicate instrument, was one of the most perfect examples of this.
cryptogamous	He divided plants into sexual and asexual, the former being Phanerogamous or flowering, and the latter Cryptogamous or flowerless.
crystal	There's a new term floating around; crystal ball search warrant.
cryptomeria	The Japanese cedar (Cryptomeria japonica) is a kind of cypress, the wood of which is very durable.
crystallizable	Just as every crystallizable chemical substance assumes a definite and constant crystalline form which cannot be accounted for otherwise than by regarding it as one of the properties of the substance, so every living organism assumes a characteristic form which is the outcome of the properties of its protoplasm.
crystallographic	Mitscherlich, who also observed the similarity of the crystallographic characters of selenates and sulphates, which afforded valuable corroboration of his doctrine of isomorphism.
crystallize	They crystallize in plates, and for the most part distil without decomposition.
crystallization	By this method it is shown that water, when present as water of crystallization, behaves as if it were ice.
crystallography	The development of the theory of crystal structure, and the fundamental principles on which is based the classification of crystal forms, are treated in the article Crystallography; in the same place will be found an account of the doctrine of isomorphism, polymorphism and morphotropy.
cst	These scores are calculated based on the results of CST California Standardized Test (CST) scores in both Mathematics and English-Language Arts.
cse	Parents who are receiving benefits through the TANF (Temporary Assistance for Needy Families) program are automatically provided with services from Child Support Enforcement (CSE) personnel.
ctrl	If you press the Ctrl key while dragging a handle, the selection rectangle maintains the same aspect ratio it originally had.
csm	This third possibility in philosophy does not enter at all into Lecky's grouping referred to above; in fact, it is very generally strange to older British thinking,3 t;csm.
crystalline	They are solid crystalline compounds.
crystalloid	In yet other solutions, the particles are smaller again, and seem to approach in size the larger molecules of crystalloid substances.
cubature	On the other hand, it is worth noticing that the words quadrature and cubature are originally due to geometrical rather than numerical considerations; the former implying the construction of a square whose area shall be equal to that of a given surface, and the latter the construction of a cube whose volume shall be equal to that of a given solid.
cubby	The most important piece in a bedroom is the bed, and there is an excellent variety of space-saving beds on the market that incorporate everything from drawers and deep cubby holes to enough room underneath to keep seasonal clothing.
cubical	Obelisks were usually raised on pedestals of cubical form resting on one or two steps, and were set up in pairs in front of the entrance of temples.
cuban	This was done in large part because the two powers came so close to going to war over the Cuban Missile Crisis.
cub	Cub hunting carried out on a proper principle is one of the secrets of a successful season.
cubicle	She woke several times briefly; once to see Len and an older officer with white hair talking in the hallway outside her cubicle in the emergency room.
cubism	French painter, who developed cubism with his friend Picasso.
cube	He flashed a smile and strode from her cube.
cubital	This, the stretcher of the cubital quills, is a very interesting muscle.
cuboid	Navicular and cuboid bones of tarsus united.
cubic	Its weight varies from 48 to about 55lb the cubic foot, but in very hard slowly-grown trunks sometimes approaches 60 lb.
cuckoo	Traditional cuckoo clocks are highly ornate.
cubit	The average of several cubit rods remaining is 20.65, age in general about 2500 B.C. (33).
cucurbit	It varied considerably in form and construction, but consisted essentially of three parts - a vessel containing the material to be distilled and called, from its gourd-like shape, the cucurbit or mattrass; a vessel to receive and condense the vapour, called the head or capital; and a receiver for the spirit, connected by a pipe with the capital.
cuddle	Their relationship was growing, but finding a place to cuddle was nearly impossible.
cuddly	From cuddly pandas to ferocious tigers, it's a jungle in here.
cucumber	Of the melon and cucumber there are both bitter and sweet varieties.
cud	These animals must have cloven hooves and chew their cud.
cue	I think that's my cue to go clean up.
cuff	The cuff on her arm was black and heavy.
cudgel	I had with me a short stout cudgel and a long knife.
cuirassier	Gerard's corps (with which was Kellermann's cuirassier corps) halted astride the Sambre at Chatelet.
cull	Decide which you like best, and cull the rest.
cuesta	Victor had crossed the Tagus, and defeated Cuesta at Medellin (March 28, 1809); but, surrounded by insurgents, he also had halted; Lapisse had joined him, and together they were near Merida, 30,000 strong.
culet	The stone's tall crown, a diminutive table, deep pavilion, thin girdle and large culet along with 58 facets give it depth.
cuirass	He, therefore, took off the cuirass, and, when the Omayyad troops made their way into the city, attacked them furiously, notwithstanding his advanced age, and was slain.
culex	The wings in Culex have not the same dappled appearance.
cullet	It is then mixed with the glass mixture and broken glass ( cullet ), and replaced in the J a 6 FIG.
culmination	That's the culmination of the thirty day trial.
culpa	I must give a mea culpa to my parents before they will forgive me for my wrongdoing.
culpable	Much as we believe he's culpable, we don't have any hard evidence.
culottes	Brutus had been applauded in red-heeled shoes and culottes jarretees; but Talma, advised by David, appeared in toga and sandals before an enthusiastic audience.
culm	Sediments approaching to the culm type, with similar flora and fauna, were deposited in synclinal hollows in parts of France and Spain.
culminate	The day will culminate with a presentation to members of Parliament.
cuisine	Supper was the usual savory cuisine and pleasant conversation.
culpability	Might there be more to Howie's culpability in his sister's disappearance?
culprit	Was loneliness the culprit of her decision to spend the night?
culinary	Vessels for culinary, table, and luxurious uses show an infinite variety of form and purpose.
cultivation	On these farms the cultivation of the soil and the rearing of stock go hand in hand, to the great advantage of both.
cultivable	The cultivable part extends along the river line for a distance of about 10 m.
cultivator	Their role in nature is therefore beneficial to the cultivator.
culturally	They are generally more contextually and culturally relevant than traditional education courses.
cultivate	Why anyone would cultivate that nasty habit is a mystery to me.
cultivar	The spring oat cultivar Piper was resistant to these races.
cult	There's an active cult in the area.
cultus	It never again obtained a footing there; for, although, late in the middle ages, the book of Revelation - by what means we cannot tell - did recover its authority, the Church was by that time so hopelessly trammelled by a magical cultus as to be incapable of fresh developments.
culver	Beyond Culver's Gap the mountain again narrows to a ridge, and for a portion of its length it is double-crested.
cumbersome	The large lockers were cumbersome and heavy.
culvert	A culvert is a bridge of small span giving passage to drainage.
cultured	From her writing you can tell she was cultured and well educated.
culture	If only she understood our culture better.
cummerbund	It wears a cummerbund about the waist; no buckles.
cultural	This gave people a shared set of cultural references.
cumbrous	It was cumbrous and but little calculated to arouse patriotic sentiments in its citizens.
cumulatively	Cumulatively, continued consumption of these chemicals could lead to harmful effects.
cultivated	She indicated a cultivated area not far from where she was working.
cumulative	The deputies are elected by departments and by a direct cumulative vote, and hold office for three years.
cumin	Try grinding nibs in a mortar and pestle or spice grinder, mixing them with chili powder, cumin, paprika, pepper, salt, or other spices, rubbing the combination onto veggies, and grilling or roasting them.
cumulus	Over the hills towering cumulus started to shoot up in rows.
cunningly	Each time I've come close to being apprehended, I cunningly slipped away.
cup	He took the cup from her hand.
cupboard	He took a mug from the cupboard and poured himself a cup of coffee.
cuneiform	She stopped in front of one at last, taking in the cuneiform writing.
cuneus	The Anthocoridae are nearly related to the Cimicidae, but the wings are usually well developed and the forewing possesses cuneus and embolium as well as corium and clavus.
cupel	The resulting lead button hammered P into shape and carefully cleansed from slag is ready for the cupel.
cupola	It is a huge ornate building with minarets and a lofty cupola faced with shining blue tiles.
cupellation	Silver is extracted from lead by means of the process of cupellation.
cupful	Leave the spoon in and add a cupful of water so that the meat is just covered.
cupidity	Ambition and cupidity were the source of the most deplorable abuses in the Roman Church.
cuppa	Do you actually know how to make a good cuppa?
cupid	For the story of Cupid and Psyche, see under Psyche.
cupreous	Then follows Portugal, with its important output of cupreous pyrites.
cupping	Cupping a hand to her mouth, she turned away from him.
cupric	It reduces many metallic oxides, such as lead monoxide and cupric oxide, and decomposes water at a red heat.
cupule	The latter are borne three together, invested by a cupule of four green bracts, which, as the fruit matures, grow to form the tough green prickly envelope surrounding the group of generally three nuts.
cur	The dioceses are divided into parishes each under a parish priest known as a cur or desservant (incumbent).
curable	About 17 million children die every year from easily curable diseases.
cuprous	The action of these acids on many metals was also studied; Glauber obtained zinc, stannic, arsenious and cuprous chlorides by dissolving the metals in hydrochloric acid, compounds hitherto obtained by heating the metals with corrosive sublimate, and consequently supposed to contain mercury.
cupcake	A carrot-cake cupcake is a natural choice for Easter.
curare	It is, in the words of the old formula, Curare, cito, tuto, et jucunde, to cure quickly, safely, and pleasantly.
cunning	In this world one has to be cunning and cruel.
curacoa	There are also Jews in Curacoa, Surinam, Luxemburg, Norway, Peru, Crete and Venezuela; but in none of these does the Jewish population much exceed woo.
curacy	His first curacy was at Papworth St.
curacao	Like others of the revolutionists Bolivar took to flight, and succeeded in reaching Curacao in safety.
curate	For the next few years he is said to have been a curate in London.
curator	He was finally appointed assistant curator in the department of printed books.
curative	The temple and the curative establishment of the god were situated outside the city.
cure	I hope it will cure him.
curcuma	Turmeric, Curcuma longa, is a shrub that grows in many parts of Asia and Africa.
curfew	The custom of tolling the curfew still prevails in Okehampton.
curdle	Vegetarian cheese uses plant-based extracts to curdle the milk.
curb	We've gotta curb the damage as much as possible.
curiosity	She waited a moment and then curiosity got the better of her.
curiosa	Manget's Bibliotheca chemica curiosa (1702), are confused productions, written in an allegorical style, but full of phrases and even pages taken literally from the Greek alchemists, and citing by name various authorities of Greek alchemy.
curd	According to the second plan, the ordinary oil is treated as for the preparation of a curd soap, and to this the coconut soap separately saponified is added in the pan and both are boiled together till they form a homogeneous soap.
curio	A casual pet item collector may only want one or two figurines to display in their curio cabinet or a sweatshirt to wear with their pet's picture displayed.
curie	For his researches in this department he was in 1903 awarded a Nobel prize jointly with Pierre Curie.
curettage	How soon can you return to work after a gynecological curettage?
curia	Meaning in general the king's court, it is difficult to define the curia regis with precision, but it is important and interesting because it is the germ from which the higher courts of law, the privy council and the cabinet, have sprung.
curium	Hake at Salamis and Curium for the South Kensington Museum, but no scientific record was made.
curling	Cut the curling ribbon into six-inch strips.
curlew	Walking back we saw 2 black-bellied sandgrouse and a stone curlew.
curiously	She looked at it curiously, then at Damian.
curler	For best results, use an eyelash curler prior to application.
curmudgeonly	The youth was resentful of what he regarded as curmudgeonly treatment, a bitterness became ingrained and began to corrode his whole nature; and although lie came in time to grasp the real state of the case he never mentioned his uncle with kindness or regard.
currant	The strawberry, raspberry, currant, plum, cherry and grape are indigenous.
currency	As currency is inflated, prices rise.
curmudgeon	Clearly, I only play a curmudgeon in the newspaper.
curmudgeonly	The youth was resentful of what he regarded as curmudgeonly treatment, a bitterness became ingrained and began to corrode his whole nature; and although lie came in time to grasp the real state of the case he never mentioned his uncle with kindness or regard.
currant	The strawberry, raspberry, currant, plum, cherry and grape are indigenous.
current	The current balance owed was over four hundred dollars.
currency	As currency is inflated, prices rise.
currently	This is currently my favorite red car.
curricula	Curricula are continuously refined to keep ahead of educational developments.
curricular	Gender subordination has long been seen as reproduced through schooling, through curricula and curricular transactions.
curriculum	The old curriculum of the Real schools is now superseded.
currier	This came in by currier a few minutes ago, sir.
curry	The overthrow of the monarchy on the 10th of August and the September massacres rendered hopeless all attempts at an entente cordiale between the two peoples; and the provocative actions of Chauvelin, undertaken in order to curry favour with the extremists now in power at Paris, undid all the good accomplished by the tact and moderation of Talleyrand.
curse	She didn't look back, but his muffled curse chased after her.
cursed	My father said I am cursed already.
cursive	It is in the Rabbinic and Cursive characters that the differences are most noticeable.
cursor	Press shift+tab to back up, moving the cursor one cell to the left.
cursorial	They were, however, essentially marsh-dwelling animals, and exhibit no tendency to the cursorial type of limb so characteristic of the horse-line.
cursory	After a cursory look, she moved on.
cursus	P. Migne, Patrologiae cursus completus, tome 206 (Paris, 1855), 867 ff.; further sources in Neues Archiv fiir die altere deutsche Geschichtskunde, 2.218; II.
curt	He gave a curt nod.
curtail	We decided to curtail the event because people began to leave early.
curtailed	These rights were greatly curtailed by the council of Trent.
curtailment	The political history of the Eupatridae is that of a gradual curtailment of privilege.
curtain	Lisa pulled a curtain back to examine the sky.
curtly	He nodded curtly at the guard and closed the door, not hearing her approach.
curtsy	He released her, and she gave another curtsy then took a few steps back.
curule	Although not sacrosanct, they had the right of sitting in a curule chair and wore the distinctive toga praetexta.
curvaceous	Actress Christina Hendricks may have originally achieved notoriety because of her stunning curvaceous body, but through her acting talents she's proven that she's more than just someone to look at.
curtilage	In addition, any new building within the curtilage of a listed building will need planning permission.
curvature	In general it is not curvature, but change of curvature, that presents difficulty in the laying-out of a line.
curvilinear	These furnishings are graceful with simple lines, and curvilinear accents.
curve	The sharp curve arrived before her memory of it.
cuscus	Mammals are not numerous; they include the cuscus, several species of bat, and some rats of great size.
curved	The black checkers are flat and the white ones curved on top.
curvilinear	These furnishings are graceful with simple lines, and curvilinear accents.
curvy	Kate Hudson - Another petite and curvy gal makes our list, just because she knows how to work those glutes, whether in a red carpet gown or her yoga gear.
cuscus	Mammals are not numerous; they include the cuscus, several species of bat, and some rats of great size.
cushion	Too weak to push it off, he let his head drop back onto the cushion behind him.
cushioned	The matching stool is cushioned for comfort.
cushiony	Once he becomes too tired to hold his little head up, he has a soft, cushiony surface to rest on.
cushy	The carpet was a deep maroon, soft and cushy, the walls around her brown.
cusp	Women who are pregnant often want to remember pregnancy as a special point in their lives, as they are on the cusp of becoming a mother.
cuspidal	But if the given curve has a node, then not only the Hessian passes through the node, but it has there a node the two branches at which touch respectively the two branches of the curve; and the node thus counts as six intersections; so if the curve has a cusp, then the Hessian not only passes through the cusp, but it has there a cusp through which it again passes, that is, there is a cuspidal branch touching the cuspidal branch of the curve, and besides a simple branch passing through the cusp, and hence the cusp counts as eight intersections.
cuss	Bit of an awkward cuss - decided early on he wanted to be an engineer rather than a farmer.
cussed	After the first commotion, Zeb had cussed once and slipped into his boots without bothering to find his socks.
custard	Desserts include chocolate mousse, apple fritters, custard and fruits.
custodial	One in eight breaches led to a custodial remand.
custodian	He made Raphael custodian of the classical antiquities of Rome and the vicinity.
custody	His father was never able to get custody of him as a child.
custom	That seems to be the custom around here.
customarily	There is no absolutely dry season in this part of the great Brazilian plateau, though the year is customarily divided into a dry and wet season, the latter running from September to April in Goyaz, and from November to April in Matto Grosso.
customary	All else was to him only life's customary routine.
customhouse	In 1792 the quantity exported from the United States was only 1 It is related that in the year 1784 William Rathbone, an American merchant resident in Liverpool, received from one of his correspondents in the southern states a consignment of eight bags of cotton, which on its arrival in Liverpool was seized by the customhouse officers, on the allegation that it could not have been grown in the United States, and that it was liable to seizure under the Shipping Acts, as not being imported in a vessel belonging to the country of its growth.
customer	They suggest other products a customer might be interested in.
customisation	Service bundling, frequent change, and customisation put severe pressure on legacy product catalogs.
customization	Powerful search engines and customization options allow you to find what you need in its extensive database in split-seconds.
customize	This allows you to customize the account features.
customs	I came to learn the customs of your people.
cut	I've cut enough here for supper.
cutaneous	Much motor weakness and cutaneous sensations similar to those above described soon follow.
cutaway	The Newborn size has a cutaway for the cord.
cutback	Before the COBRA stimulus package, Americans were only allowed to keep their employer sponsored health insurance for 18 to 36 months after they left their jobs either voluntarily or due to a layoff or cutback in hours.
cute	You look cute like that.
cuteness	Babies have a universal cuteness, no matter what species they are.
cuticle	During this stage the cuticle draws away from the imaginal cuticle which is forming beneath, ultimately becoming separated as a thin transparent pellicle through which the form of the adult can be seen.
cuticular	Investigations carried out by Blackman, and by Brown and Escombe, have shown clearly that the view put forward by Boussingault, that such absorption of gases takes place through the cuticular covering of the younger parts of the plant, is erroneous and can no longer be supported.
cutie	Check out the Spoil Me Santa or Candy Cane Cutie stretch velvet dresses at 3 Wishes.
cutis	Beneath the epidermis is a thin cutis, which is followed by the muscular layers (external circular and internal longitudinal).
cutlass	Cutlass - Cutlass was a short film that earned praise from movie critics.
cutler	It reminded him of his talk with Monica Cutler on Monday.
cutlery	There are manufactures of paper and coarse cutlery, and a high school.
cutthroat	Movies and TV shows make fun of vapid models, but the truth is that it's a demanding, cutthroat business, and you have to be strong and have a really good sense of humor.
cutter	In the Gartsherrie machine of Messrs Baird, the earliest of the flexible chain cutter type, the chain of cutters works round a fixed frame or jib projecting at right angles from the engine carriage, an arrangement which makes it necessary to cut from the end of the block of coal to the full depth, instead of holing into it from the face.
cutting	He didn't say anything about cutting the rope?
cutty	After the lecture Richard took course participants on a tour of the Cutty Sark to view its large collection of merchant figureheads.
cuvette	F ill the second cuvette to the 10ml mark with sample water also.
cv	The words Touch not mine anointed, he declared in the Vindication of Psalm cv.
cwm	We traverse around the base of the north west ridge into a glaciated cwm.
cwt	The average area occupied by it in the years from 1896 to 1905 was 1,043,000 acres, the total average production being 262,364,000 cwt.
cyan	The colors are black, yellow, light cyan, cyan, light magenta and magenta.
cyanamide	The first three will he treated here; for the others see Prussic Acid and Cyanamide.
cyanic	The researches of Liebig (1823), Liebig and Gay-Lussac (1824), and of Liebig again in 1838 showed the acid to be isomeric with cyanic acid, and probably (Hcno) 2, since it gave mixed and acid salts.
cyanide	They've been killing themselves with cyanide pills, Rainy added.
cyanogen	The chemical analogy of this substance to chlorine was quickly perceived, especially after its investigation by Davy and Gay Lussac. Cyanogen, a compound which in combination behaved very similarly to chlorine and iodine, was isolated in 1815 by Gay Lussac. This discovery of the first of the then-styled compound radicals exerted great influence on the prevailing views of chemical composition.
cyanosis	Reduced oxygen levels in the blood may produce a blue appearance of the nail beds or lips (cyanosis).
cyanotic	Cyanotic defects result in a blue discoloration of the skin due to low oxygen levels.
cybernetic	They are not just employees of others - or even would-be cybernetic entrepreneurs.
cybernetics	I was interviewed by him when I applied to do cybernetics there.
cyberpunk	Cyberpunk Reloaded brings together a varied compilation of articles to satiate the appetite of the most avid fans.
cybersex	Cybersex and casual encounters don't seem as hurtful, to some people, as having an affair.
cyberspace	To combat or deter an adversary using cyberspace tools is predicated on their being as reliant on information technologies as we are.
cyborg	We will not be freed by any sacred cyborg.
cycad	The endosperm detached from a large Ginkgo ovule after fertilization bears a close resemblance to that of a cycad; the apex is occupied by a depression, on the floor of which two small holes mark the position of the archegonia, and the outgrowth from the megaspore apex projects from the centre as a short peg.
cyclamen	The cyclamen poppy (Eomecon chionantha) is a pretty Chinese perennial, having roundish slightly lobed leaves and pure white flowers about 2 in.
cycle	The Alexander cycle was no less popular in Great Britain.
cyclic	Those forms of aestivation are such as occur in cyclic flowers, and they are included under circular aestivation.
cyclical	Its tendency to undergo cyclical changes.
cycling	Cycling is not only healthy exercise but great fun and the perfect way to appreciate the stunning scenery of the area.
cyclist	Bob Thom was a brilliant racing cyclist who led the team to many victories.
cycloid	The cycloid was a famous curve in those days; it had been discussed by Galileo, Descartes, Fermat, Roberval and Torricelli, who had in turn exhausted their skill upon it.
cycloidal	The determination of the true relation between the length of a pendulum and the time of its oscillation; the invention of the theory of evolutes; the discovery, hence ensuing, that the cycloid is its own evolute, and is strictly isochronous; the ingenious although practically inoperative idea of correcting the circular error of the pendulum by applying cycloidal cheeks to clocks - were all contained in this remarkable treatise.
cyclone	Many of its buildings were destroyed by a cyclone on the 19th of February 1888.
cyclonic	The islands on the sea-front are exposed to devastation by cyclonic storm-waves.
cyclopaedia	About the same time he wrote for the Cabinet Cyclopaedia a History of England from the Earliest Times to the Final Establishment of the Reformation.
cyclopean	There are a few remains of old cyclopean walls.
cyclopes	By the aid of Apollo, who served him as a slave - either as a punishment for having slain the Cyclopes, or out of affection for his mortal master - he won the hand of Alcestis, the most beautiful of the daughters of Pelias, king of Iolcus.
cyclops	In his translations of Euripides' Cyclops, 381, a bowl I Three cubits wide and four in depth, as much i As would contain four amphorae the Greek original clearly points to ten amphorae and four may have come from the previous line.
cyclotron	Patients come from across the globe to have tumors treated by the UK ' s only medical cyclotron.
cygnet	She danced her first cygnet this season. it was overwhelming.
cygnus	A gigantic swan, Cygnus falconeri, is known from the Zebug cavern in Malta.
cylinder	The charge given up to the inner cylinder is known from its loss of potential.
cylindrical	Cylindrical organs may exhibit similar phenomena.
cylindroid	This is called a cylindroid.
cymbal	You can sing but you will be a clanging cymbal.
cyme	It was the most northern of the Ionian cities, and was situated on the coast of the peninsula which separates the gulf of Cyme, occupied by Aeolian settlers, from the Hermaean Gulf, on which stood Smyrna and Clazomenae.
cynic	He was incredulous as a Missouri cynic but interested.
cynical	He was cynical about politicians' promises on taxes.
cynically	This is the reason for the governments pack of fantastic lies - which are daily being exposed as cynically manipulated falsehoods.
cynicism	His influence was weakened, however, by his cynicism and by his ultra-aristocratic views.
cynthia	Cynthia Turley was in the middle of cleaning his favorite table when he walked through the diner door.
cypress	She nodded and pointed at the old cypress water wheel.
cyrillic	The plain white cross, suspended from the Bulgarian crown, bears the name of the patron saint in old Cyrillic letters in the centre.
cyst	A ganglion cyst is a bump or mass that forms under the skin.
cystic	Thus Echinococci contains a leucomaine which sets up an urticaria; Cysticercus tenuicollis occasions anaemia and death if injecte-1 into rabbits; and the cystic fluid of the common Coenurus serialis is said to be used by Kirghizes to poison wolves.
cystitis	It also has an effect as a urinary antiseptic in cases of cystitis.
cystocarp	In all these cases, however, the end-cells of the filaments each give rise to a carpospore, and the aggregate of such sporiferous filaments is a cystocarp. Again, in the family of the Gelidiaceae, the single filament arising from the carpogonium grows back into the tissue and preys upon the cells of the axis and larger branches, after which the end-cells give rise to carpospores and a diffused cystocarp is formed.
cytogenetics	The outcome was analyzed for correlation with patient characteristics, the disease including cytogenetics, and the graft itself.
cytology	The results of future research on the cytology of the group will be awaited with interest.
cytoplasm	Very little is known of the finer structure of the cytoplasm of a vegetable cell.
cytoplasmic	It is generally surrounded by a granular or radiating cytoplasmic substance.
czar	He returned to Russia where he helped Vladimir Lenin overthrow the Russian czar and establish the USSR.
czech	In 1879 and 1880 as Rector Magnificus he fought against the introduction of Czech instead of German in the Prague University.
czechoslovak	Serbian officers under General Livkovic were sent out, and many officers of the future Czechoslovak legions first saw service in this corps.
d	The value of d can be evaluated by considering the combustion of amorphous carbon to carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide.
da	I wanted to talk to Da … my father.
dab	Put a dab of it on each bump and it'll kill...
dabble	Many of us love to dabble in the kitchen but don't want to be bothered with paying attention to cooking measurements.
dabbling	Later records like Physical Graffiti and In Through the Out Door saw the band dabbling in keyboards, psychedelic textures and dance grooves that borrowed from reggae and disco.
dace	The first is on what are described as free risers which include dace, rudd and chub.
dachshund	Coincidentally, that dog was also a Dachshund and died at the age of 20.
dacha	So they weighed for my price trey dacha pieces of silver.
dacoity	According to the Thuggee and Dacoity Report for 1879, the number of registered Punjabi and Hindustani Thugs then still amounted to 344; but all of these had already been registered as such before 1852, and the whole fraternity may now be considered as extinct.
dacron	The most common surgical treatment involves replacing the child's aortic valve and several inches of the aorta itself with a composite graft, which is a prosthetic heart valve sewn into one end of a Dacron tube.
dactyl	Quite distinct was the Idaean Hercules, a Cretan Dactyl connected with the cult of Rhea or Cybele.
dactylic	The metre used by Theocritus in the Bucolics and Mimes, as well as in the Epics, is the dactylic hexameter.
dad	No, Dad said today.
daddy	Daddy says I look just like Mom.
dado	Part tiled walls with decorative panels and wooden dado.
daemon	In the Daemon of the World (341-2), Shelley himself cancelled a metrical reading for one that makes the verse a syllable too short.
daemonic	If, in the Gnostic systems, these become daemonic or semi-daemonic forces, this points to the fact that a stronger monotheistic religion (the Iranian) had gained the upper hand over the Babylonian, and had degraded its gods to daemons.
daffodil	In the autumn of 2000, 70,000 daffodil bulbs were planted on either side of the Broad Walk.
daft	I smile and the other girls look at me as if I'm daft.
daffy	Daffy Duck steps off a cliff, expecting further pastureland.
dagger	Jenn whipped out a dagger, but he knocked it away.
daguerreotype	The man who attempted, with such calamitous results, to clean the daguerreotype in 1934 was Mr. John H. Gear.
dahlia	In the dahlia the florets are rendered quilled, and are made to assume many glowing colours.
daily	He thanked me and went about his daily business.
daimyo	A century later, the daimyo namako was invented, in which lines of dots alternated with lines of polished ground.
dainty	They're so dainty they almost make you cry.
daiquiri	Daiquiri, near Oriente, and mines near Nipe, on the north coast, are the chief centres of production.
daintily	He carried a white napkin upon his arm, and held the cup of wine very daintily with three of his fingers.
dairy	The dairy gave her purpose... hope.
dairying	Dairying and the production of eggs are also important industries in all sections.
dais	All the apartments open into the court; and on the south side is an open alcove, with a marble floor, and raised dais round three sides, covered with cushions; the front wall is supported by an ornamented Saracenic arch.
dairyman	Still lower is the dairyman, who is in no way divine, yet has sanctity as one who maintains a condition of ceremonial purity.
daisy	Daisy knows her way back.
dale	The dale is traversed by a branch of the NorthEastern railway from Northallerton.
dalliance	Very rarely does a dalliance come to a happy end.
dally	Don't dally though-you only have one minute per turn.
dalmatian	The population of the Dalmatian pelican is 10% of the world total.
daltonian	The Daltonian would say that each of these weights represents a certain group of atoms, and that these groups can replace, or combine with, each other, to form new molecules.
dalmatic	The popes had, from time to time, sent the pallium or the dalmatic - specifically Roman vestments - as gifts of honour to various distinguished prelates; Britain, converted by a Roman mission, had adopted the Roman use, and English missionaries had carried this into the newly Christianized parts of Germany; but the great Churches of Spain and Gaul preserved their own traditions in vestments as in other matters.
dam	The rest was blocked, as if a dam was placed there.
damage	It might have done damage inside.
damaging	Moreover, the very fact of being under the protection and, as it were, in the pay of an absolute monarch was damaging to the character of their literature.
daman	At Daman the mortality was - inoculated 1-6%, uninoculated 24.6%; at Dharwar, inoculated 1.2%, uninoculated 5.2%.
damascene	On his dethronement and captivity by the Parthians, Antiochus Dionysus, his brother, succeeded him, but was slain in battle by IHaritha (Aretas) the Arab - the first instance of Arab interference with Damascene politics.
damask	Damask is produced at Gross-Schonau and Neu-Schonau.
dame	Barely half a mile westward down Dame Street, rises the Castle, and 300 yds.
damnable	They have no doubt that it is a damnable business in which they are concerned; they are all peaceably inclined.
dammit	Dammit, stop calling him that!
damn	Don't waste time, damn it!
damnation	As all deserve damnation, there is no injustice in leaving them to their deserts.
damnatory	The sense of the damnatory clauses has, however, not been weakened.
damned	You've got the damned flashlight.
damp	The darkness smelled damp; the air was still and silent.
dampen	Even the red sun couldn't dampen her mood.
damning	What would Darkyn do with such a damning secret?
dance	How about going to a dance tonight?
damped	In the case of the plain or directly excited antenna the oscillations are highly damped, and each train probably only consists at most of half a dozen oscillations.
dancer	Alex was an excellent dancer – strong, sure and fluid.
damper	Clouds and rain can put a damper on your moon photo shoot.
damping	It should be mentioned that the infra-red rays have a remarkable damping effect on the phenomena of phosphorescence, a fact which has.
damsel	The handsome prince always rescues the damsel in distress.
dandelion	This corolla occurs in many composite plants, as in the florets of dandelion, daisy and chicory.
dampness	Steam and dampness clung to her as she set foot in the bathing room.
dander	A filter helps to remove dust and pet dander from the air as well.
dandruff	This daily shampoo eliminates dandruff and soothes your scalp.
dandy	He was no dandy, and that was a fact.
danger	She knew what danger she was in.
dangerous	You're treading on dangerous ground.
dang	I been casting my ballot that way since Roosevelt and I'll keep doing so—even if you do cancel out my vote every dang election.
dandyism	Jules Lemaitre, a less sympathetic critic, finds in the extraordinary crimes of his heroes and heroines, his reactionary views, his dandyism and snobbery, an exaggerated Byronism.
dancing	You're dancing to different music.
dangling	Her attention focused on a dangling cord.
danelagh	An analogy is supplied by the carucata of the Danelagh, the eighth part of which was the bouata or ox-land.
dangle	He had fastened one end of the strap to a wheel of the buggy, and now he let the line dangle over the side of the house.
dank	A cold shiver went down his spine just thinking about it; a primal fear of dark and dank places.
dangly	Her clothing style most of the time is nice fitting worn jeans, a preppy layered shirt or tailored jacket, some silver dangly jewelry and understated makeup.
dane	Dane Park (33 acres) was opened in 1898.
dapper	This style is ideal for men of all ages who wish to convey a dapper look.
dangerously	Innocentius died of a fever, and Jerome was dangerously ill.
dap	Dap Paneling and Foam Adhesive is low in volatile organic compounds.
daphne	Ben is offered a bribe to drop Daphne's case.
dare	Don't you dare leave me here.
dan	Brady exchanged a look with Dan.
daredevil	I've always been up for daredevil stunts like that!
dapple	In the UK and abroad, painted wooden dapple or dappled grays are even more popular with children than polished hardwood finishes.
dappled	The wings in Culex have not the same dappled appearance.
darer	Albrecht Darer the elder was a goldsmith by trade, and settled soon after the middle of the 15th century in Nuremberg.
dark	He looked tall and lean in a dark suit.
darken	She rested her hands on his arms and they gazed out the window, watching the shadows darken on the farmstead.
daniel	Daniel Brennan answered on the first ring.
darjeeling	The great attraction of Darjeeling is its scenery, which is unspeakably grand.
daringly	In 2006, she showed that her body was still in top condition by posing in a white string bikini with a halter top and daringly low-cut bottoms which tie at the sides.
darkish	Fox, Cross.-Size 20X7 in., are about as large as the silver and generally have a pale yellowish or orange tone with some silvery points and a darkish cross marking on the shoulders.
danish	There are generally in a coloni three or four Danish houses, built of wood and pitched over, in addition to storehouses and a blubber-boiling establishment.
darn	This is darn good.
darkly	A structure loomed darkly against the lighter horizon.
darned	It's as safe as watching TV and a darned sight more fun.
darkroom	I really believe you have to have time off to be creative, which is why I don't have a darkroom.
dart	Startled, she watched him dart towards Dusty.
darnel	Geese and cranes, chicory, mildew, thistles, cleavers, caltrops, darnel and shade are farmer's enemies.
darning	The stools have holes in so they need darning, right?
darner	It was the capital of the mudiria until 1905, in which year the headquarters of the province were transferred to Ed Darner, a town near the confluence of the Nile and Atbara.
darting	Pete's attention was darting from one of them to the other.
daring	Sofia stared up at him, not daring to hope he'd help her.
darling	My darling little sister is growing very fast.
darwinism	He perceived that Darwinism attributed too much to accident, and was also powerless to explain the origin of life and of consciousness.
darter	Associated with these remains there have been found those of many other birds, including a hawk, a duck, a darter, a spoonbill, a heron, a rail and a wild-goose, some of these being much larger than any now inhabiting Madagascar.
dashing	Ashley cried, dashing out of her room.
darwinian	It is held 1 that the Darwinian doctrine of selection of fortuitous congenital variations is sufficient to account for all cases, that the Lamarckian hypothesis of transmission cf acquired characters is not supported by experimental evidence, and that the latter should therefore be dismissed.
darkness	She stared into the early darkness of a thick cloud cover.
data	You have some access to data bases that could be helpful.
database	Tim confirmed she'd logged into a database from here.
dashboard	His phone rang, and he snatched it from the dashboard.
databank	The data products are stored in a central databank and made available online to the space geodesy and geodynamics community.
date	I have a date to get ready for.
dastardly	Selfless heroes and heroines pitted against dastardly villains - it's the eternal bout between good and evil.
dash	Should she try to make a dash for the car?
dater	Being a smarter dater, reduces those risks.
dative	The broad lower end of the symbol is rather an accidental pit in the stone than an attempt at a diacritic mark - the word is regei, in all probability the early dative form of rex, king.
daub	The usual habitation built both by Arabs and Nubas is the tukl, a conical-shaped hut made of stone, mud, wattle and daub or straw.
datum	That God is love and that the purpose of His love is the moral organization of humanity in the Kingdom of God - this idea, with its immense range of application-.-is applied in Ritschl's initial datum.
datura	At other times they are vertical, as in Datura, where the ovary, in place of being two-celled, becomes four-celled; in Cruciferae, where the prolongation of the placentas forms a vertical partition; in Astragalus and Thespesia, where the dorsal suture is folded inwards; and in Oxytropis, where the ventral suture is folded inwards.
dauntless	Through all the first troubles of her reign the young queen steered her skilful and dauntless way with the tact of a woman and the courage of a man.
dated	The first letter is dated March 6, 1887, three days after her arrival in Tuscumbia.
davenport	Quot gmac's schmitt years auto insurance davenport illinois and quot which will be insurance manager.
dawn	It was evening in our world but dawn here.
daunting	As our activities grew, the task became more daunting.
day	It was midsummer, and the day was very hot.
daybreak	Originally designed as a perch for fowls which sang to the deities at daybreak, this toni subsequently came to be erroneously regarded as a gateway characteristic of the ShintO shrine.
daughter	A daughter, I suppose?
daydream	Daydream is within striking distance of some sites that are well worth visiting.
daylight	It was bright daylight when she woke.
dauphin	The hilly regions of Limousin, Prigord and the Cvennes are the home of the chestnut, which in some places is still a staple food; walnuts grow on the lower levels of the central plateau and in lower Dauphin and Provence, figs and almonds in Provence, oranges and citrons on the Mediterranean coast, apricots in central France, the olive in Provcnce and the lower valleys of the Rhneand Durancc. Truffles arc found under Silk Cocoons.
daze	The dealer slapped her hard enough to daze her.
davy	Davy showed that they were oxides of various metals.
dawning	Maybe this is dawning on us.
dazzle	You will dazzle all the others in this $15.00 suit!
dazzlingly	Even in London the sun, on that summer afternoon, was dazzlingly bright.
dbe	May 1935 Katherine Marjory Stewart Murray, Duchess of Atholl DBE (MP for Kinross & West Perthshire) has the unionist whip removed.
ddd	Results suggest that then calculate DDD on december don't fall between.
ddt	By the 1950's, organochlorine pesticides such as DDT were in general use.
dc	I called in the DC Sector for support as well.
deacon	St Francis was a deacon but not a priest.
dd	The gene responsible for DD has not yet been found.
deaconess	It has received the sanction of Convocation, and the Lambeth Conference in 1897 declared that it recognized with thankfulness the revival of the office of deaconess, though at the same time it protested against the indiscriminate use of the title and laid it down emphatically that the name must be restricted to those who had been definitely set apart by the bishop for the position and were working under the direct supervision and control of the ecclesiastical authority in the parish.
deactivate	She'd removed her personal identifiers, hacked into the government's tracking mainframe to deactivate the implant in her brain, and changed into the black tactical uniform Elise brought her over her civilian grays.
dead	The battery in the lantern might be dead or the fall might have broken it.
deaden	By means of suitable and simple mechanism this vertical movement of the cylinders works plunger pistons in a pair of cylinders which contain glycerin, and these deaden the vibrations of the machinery while weighing is going on.
deadening	Well trained as was the civil service of France, the effect of this supervision in deadening activity was sometimes more marked than in its effect in preventing abuse.
deadline	I can't forget your deadline.
deadlock	Negotiations were entered into, but a deadlock ensued.
deadly	Why so seeming fast, but deadly slow?
deadness	The early years of the 18th century were a time of deadness as regards preaching.
deadwood	The rare stag beetle is reliant upon standing deadwood, this tends to rot from the inside to the outside.
deafen	However vain to attempt counting her guns - some heavy metal - a great many shots, the noise enough to deafen one.
deaf	He turned a deaf ear when they pressed for details.
deafening	There was a deafening roar that echoed throughout the cavern.
deafness	Young Treitschke was prevented by deafness from entering the public service.
deal	It meant a good deal to him to secure a home like this.
dealer	He indicated the stud farms at which Nicholas might procure horses, recommended to him a horse dealer in the town and a landowner fourteen miles out of town who had the best horses, and promised to assist him in every way.
dealing	Dealing with deities was a nightmare.
dealt	The more Damian dealt with them, the less he wanted to deal with them again.
deanery	In 1733 George Stone was made dean of Ferns, and in the following year he exchanged this deanery for that of Derry; in 1740 he became bishop of Ferns, in 1743 bishop of Kildare, in 1745 bishop of Derry, and in 1747 archbishop of Armagh.
dean	Dean took a deep breath and continued.
dear	I'll miss my dear brother.
dearborn	Brock fell in action on the 13th of October, while repulsing Dearborn's subordinate Van Rensselaer, a politician named to command by favour, and ignorant of a soldier's business.
dearly	I love you very dearly because you are my friend.
death	I was scared to death I couldn't... get back!
deathbed	Burgers himself left the Transvaal a disappointed, heart-broken man, and a deathbed statement published some time after his decease throws a lurid light on the intrigues which arose before and after annexation.
dearness	Hence, although wages are painfully low, the cost of production to the manufacturer is relatively high; and it is still further increased by the cost of the raw materials, by the heavy rates of transport owing to the distance from the sea, by the dearness of capital and by the scarcity of fuel.
dearth	The next danger was from the people, who were infuriated by the dearth of corn.
deathly	The room was deathly silent as she finished.
deathless	The Veda, that is to say, had existed in the divine mind ere it was made known to men, and as such it belonged to the realm of the deathless and the infinite.
deb	In 1863 Captain Godwin Austen accompanied Sir Ashley Eden's mission to the court of the Deb raja, and made a survey of the route to Punakha.
debar	Having a criminal record will not automatically debar you from doing voluntary work.
debacle	Fortunately for him, he did not live to see the debacle of Russian society in 1917.
debase	Of course I did not debase myself by peeping into the letter.
debate	See you at the debate tomorrow.
debark	Some cruise lines allow passengers who can tote their own bags to debark earlier, eliminating tedious waits and hunting for bags in cavernous storage facilities.
debasement	In the scarcity of money Charles had recourse to the debasement of the coinage, which suffered no less than twenty-two variations in the two years before the treaty of Bretigny.
debauchery	Treachery and debauchery filled the first years of the annals of the beautiful island.
debauched	It left behind an empty treasury, an undisciplined army and navy, a people debauched by safe and successful riot.
debenture	We are working very closely with our professional advisors, as this consortium requires a floating debenture in order to complete the deal.
debatable	But, although the union of the Roses ought to have extinguished controversy, a host of debatable questions and plausible pretexts for rebellion remained.
debauchee	None of his successors on the throne was any thing higher than a debauchee or a puppet.
debility	She suffered from repeated bouts of both physical and mental debility throughout her life.
debater	The principal achievements of the long session of 1902 (which extended to the autumn) were the passing of the Education Act, - entirely reorganizing the system of primary education, abolishing the school boards and making the county councils the local authority; new rules of procedure; and the creation of the Metropolitan Water Board; and on all these questions, and particularly the two first, Mr Balfour's powers as a debater were brilliantly exhibited.
debonair	When it comes to love and romance, Taurus is suave and debonair.
debilitating	The climate is very damp and debilitating.
debt	Your debt is paid.
debilitate	It is expected that the illness will debilitate him for at least another week.
debouchment	Another of about equal length, starting from the same, central water-parting of this mountain block, and included within the Oxus bend, follows a transverse direction at almost right angles to the Shiwa, and joins the Oxus valley near its debouchment into the more open Kolab plains, where the course of the Oxus has again assumed a direction parallel to the mountain strike.
debouch	The rivers when they debouch from the 'mountains assume an eastern trend in their effort to reach the sea.
debug	Don't set this flag unless you want to debug the compiler!
debtor	If a debtor had neither money nor crop, the creditor must not refuse goods.
debut	She made her debut in 1896 in the company of her uncle, John Drew.
debunk	Instead, they listen to the claims of paranormal activity and do their best to debunk them.
debutant	Paul Taylor struck the kick to the right but Marine's debutant goalkeeper, Mike Stewart, leaped to push the ball away.
decade	Then there can be a week, a month, a year, a decade, and a century without war.
deca	You'll need to have a steady hand and great accuracy to excel in this Wii Deca Sports event.
debugging	If the server's global debug level is greater than zero, then debugging mode will be active.
dec	This page gives an overview of all articles in the 1911 Brittanica which are alphabetized under Das to Dec.
decadence	He was possessed by the spirit of decadence, imitative rather than originating..
debutante	Would she really enjoy an elegant debutante ball?
debris	She covered her head as dirt and debris rained over her.
debit	When you have business overdraft protection, then the money transfers automatically to your bank account to pay a check or to allow you or your employee to use your debit card, even if you have a $0 balance in the bank.
decaffeination	Organic coffee has to go through a different process than regular coffee when it comes to decaffeination.
decaffeinated	The machine has a 3kg bean hopper plus four further canisters for powdered milk, chocolate, sugar and decaffeinated coffee.
decagonal	The small rhombicuboctahedron is bounded by 12 pentagonal, 8 triangular and 6 square faces; the great rhombicuboctahedra by 12 decagonal, 8 triangular and 6 square faces.
decadent	As in glyptic so in poetic art, the Hellenism of the time was decadent and Alexandrine rather than Attic of the best period.
decalogue	The Bible wholly rejects polytheism, and the Decalogue jealousy reserves worship for YHWH.
decal	Remove the contact paper's backing and adhere the decal to the wall.
decapitate	He could drill a regiment, build a frigate, administer a province, and decapitate a rebel with equal facility.
decapitated	The two young nobles, after a mock trial, were decapitated (November 1440).
decanter	He clapped his hands together, lifted a decanter of liquor and began pouring.
decapitation	Gory acts such as decapitation, pulling the arms off of an opponent, or tearing their bodies in half were just a few of the moves.
decant	The lid of the oil bottle or jar has been designed so that the reeds can simply be pushed into the oil without the need to decant the oil to a separate container.
decapod	This originated in America, where it is known as the Decapod.
deceased	The only picture was of a teenage boy, apparently the deceased brother.
deceit	Was the deceit worth it for their sake?
deceitful	The early difficulties of Elizabeth's reign secured him a deceitful peace on that side for a time.
decathlon	He is the 1976 Olympic decathlon champion.
decease	The predominance of his family in Siena did not last long after his decease.
deceive	You intentionally tried to deceive me.
deceitfulness	His cruelty and deceitfulness were faults common to all Eastern despots.
deceleration	The first sign that a baby is not getting enough oxygen between contractions is often a drop in the baby's heart rate after a contraction, called a late deceleration.
decemviri	In the same year (451) he was made one of the decemviri who had been appointed to draw up a code of written laws.
decemvir	Her beauty attracted the notice of the decemvir Appius Claudius, who instructed Marcus Claudius, one of his clients, to claim her as his slave.
decennially	From 1861 the census has been taken decennially by all the states except Queensland, where, as in New Zealand, it has been quinquennial since 1875 and 1881 respectively.
decently	We have an excellent priest, he conducts the service decently and with dignity, and the deacon is the same.
decennial	The number of members, originally 196, is subject to change after each decennial census.
decency	It must be tried by the laws of decency and propriety.
deception	She had trusted him so completely, this deception suddenly became unbearable.
decentralization	At the general elections of 1881 after the fall of the Ferry cabinet he was returned to the chamber on a programme which included the separation of Church and State, a policy of decentralization, and the imposition of an income-tax.
deceptive	He was good at deceptive conversation – too good.
decide	I hope you decide to take the job.
decided	We decided to go see a movie.
decent	You can't be decent for two seconds, can you?
decibel	Dean asked, a decibel louder than necessary, causing a head-turn or two.
deciduous	Small, thin, deciduous scales equally cover nearly the entire body.
decider	The decider went the way of Tuominen's other winning games, 11/5, with Anjema offering only spasmodic resistance, disappointingly.
decay	They reek of decay and death.
decidedly	And do you know, my dear fellow, it seems to me that Bonaparte has decidedly lost bearings, you know that a letter was received from him today for the Emperor.
decimal	In these cases the digit itself, or decimal multiples, seem to have been used.
decile	Only those falling into the top decile were selected for mailing.
decimate	He expected these days to be his last, but he'd give the order to decimate the entire state if it meant humanity as a whole survived.
december	In December they again reached Paris.
decimation	The parallels or climata 2 drawn through places, of which the longest day is of equal length and the decimation (distance) from the equator is the same, he maintained, ought to have been inserted at equal intervals, say of half an hour, and the meridians inserted on a like principle.
decimetre	The weight of a cubic decimetre of water reaches 1000 grammes under a pressure of four atmospheres; but in vacuo, at all temperatures, the weight of water is less than a kilogram.
decimally	Divided decimally in 100ths; but usually marked in Egypt into 7 palms of 28 digits, approximately; a mere juxtaposition.
decision	It was no small decision for her.
decisive	His decisive whisper was husky.
decisively	In 1850 the trade is said to have been decisively put down.
deciphering	This made the problem of deciphering Persian inscriptions a relatively easy one.
deciding	She ran a comb through her hair, deciding not to re-braid the top part.
decipherment	The celebrated Rosetta Stone which supplied Champollion with the key for the decipherment of the ancient monuments of Egypt was found near Fort St Julien, 4 m.
decipher	She couldn't decipher what he had to be feeling.
decking	Cynthia didn't ask him to join her and he was more than happy to remain rocking a groove in the front porch decking.
declaration	Xander heard her declaration of it being her last day.
declaim	Those who most loudly declaim against the idea of a separate Scotland found themselves upon the close commercial inter-relation of two countries.
declamatory	He was educated at the seminary of Quebec, where he developed the gift of declamatory and persuasive oratory.
declamation	For cool and sustained declamation he stood unrivalled in parliament, and his readiness in debate was universally acknowledged.
declare	They declare that we are all the children of God, and therefore must consider ourselves as brothers and sisters.
declarative	The authoring paradigm has become declarative in nature, describing the data rather than the processes involved in document links.
decker	In the same year de Decker also published at Gouda a work entitled Nieuwe Telkonst, inhoudende de Logarithmi voor de Ghetallen beginnende van r tot io,000, which contained logarithms of numbers up to io,000 to io places, taken from Briggs's Arithmetica of 1624, and Gunter's log sines and tangents to 7 places for every minute.'
declaratory	I dismiss the claimant 's application for declaratory relief declaring that the Adjudicator's decision was null and void.
declarer	If the declarer succeeds in making at least the number of tricks he stood for he wins whatever stakes are played for; if not he loses.
declension	Aryan declension naturally disappeared with the loss of final syllables.
deck	Every day the people went upon deck to look out for land.
declination	The Repsolds find it unnecessary to relieve the friction of the declination axis.
declivity	Our columns ought to have begun to appear on an open declivity to his right.
decode	The game also challenges players to use observation, memory, wordplay, and problem-solving skills to decode special DVD puzzles.
decoded	The massive amounts of information in these decoded genomes can only be processed by computers.
declared	The German government in 1899 declared Kiaochow a free port.
decoction	A decoction of the buds in milk or whey is a common household remedy for scurvy; and the young shoots or green cones form an essential ingredient in the spruce-beer drank with a similar object, or as an occasional beverage.
decoder	From a woman's point of view, Date Decoder helps women understand more about why men behave the way they do and more about what's going on inside their head.
decline	She was inclined to decline his offer.
declining	There had, indeed, been five periods of declining population in that interval of 124 years, namely, the periods 1738 1744, 1759-1762, 1773-1774, 1791-1792, and I 8441846.
decompose	It separates in the form of small rose-red crystals, which decompose on boiling with water.
decomposable	Carbon dioxide, recognized by turning lime-water milky, indicates decomposable carbonates or oxalates.
decompensation	Liver function In patients who develop evidence of hepatic decompensation during treatment, Pegasys should be discontinued.
decompress	This serum is formulated to hit those deep wrinkles at their core, decompress them and essentially lend the skin a fuller, smoother appearance.
decorate	Mosaics are employed to decorate the spandrils of the arches.
decongestant	Decongestants or the short-term use of decongestant nose sprays can be useful.
decontamination	The decontamination chamber sealed itself.
decompression	Children with a hemorrhagic stroke may be transferred to a center with neurosurgical facilities so the proper treatment, such as decompression or hydrocephalus drainage, can be provided by skilled specialists.
decomposition	This investigator held that the decomposition of the sugar molecules takes place outside the cell wall.
decorous	The tone was decorous and reserved, a moving elegy delivered by someone who didn't know the deceased very well.
decomposed	It is decomposed by heat into the oxide and water, and is soluble in ammonia but not in excess of dilute potassium hydroxide; this latter property serves to distinguish it from zinc hydroxide.
decorator	No other method permits the decorator to achieve such fidelity and such boldness of draughtsmanship. The difference between the results of the ordinary and the yuzen processes of dyeing is, in fact, the difference between a stencilled sketch and a finished picture.
decrease	In one book she found a list of things that could decrease fertility.
decoy	On the other hand, maybe Mertz figured she'd make a great decoy.
decree	The last decree proposed the convocation of a national council.
decorum	There was decorum in the countenance he wore.
decrement	Sleep length can be reduced one to two hours without performance decrement over an extended period.
decrepit	She opened her eyes and looked around, not recognizing the decrepit factory.
decoration	The new decoration of the Premises contributed much to the magnificence of the spectacle.
decrepitude	Now, there are hidden advantages to going a bit mutton as you sink into decrepitude.
decretal	Having failed to satisfy the king, he left England on the 26th of October 1529, after his baggage had been searched at Dover to find the Decretal, which, however, had been burnt.
decry	I do not decry that I am a expert scientist.
dedicated	Tips were conveyed to a dedicated site on guaranteed secure lines.
decrypt	Once the message has been encrypted with the public key, only the private key can then decrypt it.
dedication	She removed the book from the shelf and opened it to the dedication page.
deduce	Locke, however, fails to deduce his categories.
deductibility	By establishing exemptions and tax deductibility, government policies made charitable giving attractive to donors.
dedicate	A person could dedicate his life to understanding just one suggestion and never even get close.
decorative	Engraved flowers, views and devices are often combined with decorative cutting.
deduct	With all reverence, an historical student has to deduct something from both these statements.
deducible	He supposes that the law of evolution is deducible from the law of persistent force, and includes in force what is now called energy.
dedicatory	There is no evidence of the existence of a cult of Caelus, the occurrence of the name in dedicatory inscriptions being due to Oriental influences, the worship of the sky being closely connected with that of Mithras.
deductively	However, a cautious reasoner will probably rather explain such cases deductively from the doctrine of evolution than endeavour to support the doctrine of evolution by them.
dee	Wales, situated on a height near the left bank of the Dee estuary, 196 m.
deem	It's hard to know what later generations will deem to be art.
deeply	She breathed deeply then told him everything.
deduction	This deduction is not in fact true.
deductive	For De Maillet not only has a definite conception of the plasticity of living things, and of the production of existing species by the modification of their predecessors, but he clearly apprehends the cardinal maxim of modern geological science, that the explanation of the structure of the globe is to be sought in the deductive application to geological phenomena of the principles established inductively by the study of the present course of nature.
deed	Her works are in very deed the echo of our times.
deepen	She waited until she heard his breathing deepen and then rose.
deerskin	One specimen of a CentralAmerican inscription may give a general idea of them all, whether it be from the sculptured faÃ§ade of a temple sketched by Catherwood, or from the painted deerskin called the Dresden Codex (reproduced in Kingsborough), or from the chapter of Diego de Landa where he professes to explain and translate the characters themselves.
deface	We will not deface the rock by chopping or adding holds.
deep	She drew a deep breath.
defamation	I have replied that reporting does not constitute defamation.
default	In default of due payment, their lands were liable to be sold to the highest bidder.
defamatory	Defamatory or otherwise actionable comments should also be avoided.
defame	Oh wait, I live in Britain, not Texas please do not defame Texas.
deductible	It can also serve as a tax deductible receipt.
defeat	Taran can defeat him.
defecate	She will often lick their abdomens to stimulate the digestive system and help them urinate and defecate.
defeatism	Klement did not agree with Vereeken's definition of revolutionary defeatism, because Vereeken thought that it was the same as military sabotage.
defecator	In Cuba, Martinique, Peru and elsewhere the old-fashioned double-bottomed defecator is used, into which the juice is run direct, and there limed and heated.
defecation	Cats need a kitty litter box for urination and defecation.
defection	His defection from the Epicurean school is almost unique.
defeatist	Yet the consultation paper takes a very complacent if not defeatist line on such issues.
deer	It was likely a deer trail.
defect	The one defect is lack of green sward.
defectiveness	Thomas was educated at Magdalen College, Oxford; but the details of his university career are doubtful owing to the defectiveness of the university and college registers.
defenceless	The defenceless condition of these birds led to their extinction after the island was colonized.
defense	In her defense, she thought I was trying to kill her.
defenestration	I'd have to watch for defenestration of myself during the deadly duel, however.
defendant	When a divorce is granted, the defendant is not permitted to marry other than the plaintiff for three years, unless the plaintiff dies.
defenseless	Nobody has a right to hurt another person, especially a defenseless woman.
defective	The law is defective and unfair in its incidence, and it is not applicable to foreigners.
defensive	All I know is that he gets defensive when I mention Uncle Fabrice.
defer	There was still no improvement in the countess' health, but it was impossible to defer the journey to Moscow any longer.
defensible	They were applied to other P Y PP uses less justifiable or defensible; they served to execute the will of the despotic master upon all who set themselves in opposition to his authority, or were decreed, more or less wisely but still arbitrarily, by a government in the best interests of society, organized for the general good.
deferential	The young are deferential to their elders.
defensively	Quinn jumped up defensively.
deference	Taran bowed his head in deference to his master.
defensiveness	All too often, out of a sense of guilt or defensiveness, people sometimes make the mistake of sharing much more information than is necessary.
defender	He was a vehement defender of Mary Stuart.
deferment	As if sensing the same, the blonde bowed her head in deferment without moving.
defiant	The teen was far more defiant this evening, and Xander had a feeling he knew why.
defiantly	She met his gaze defiantly for a moment longer, but he made no attempt to argue.
deferral	This type of arrangement is called an elective deferral.
defend	I don't have to defend myself against Alex.
deficiency	As it is a staple food with the poorer classes, the deficiency is made up through importation.
deficient	They are both deficient in solidity and in permanent interest.
defiance	There was challenge and defiance in her gaze.
defibrillator	Mr and Mrs Wort then went on to raise more funds and donated a defibrillator to Frome Victoria Hospital.
defile	The story is that the Romans, entangled in a defile, were suffering from thirst.
deferred	The construction of railways was long deferred and slowly accomplished.
defilement	To touch a leper was forbidden, and the offence involved ceremonial defilement.
definer	It is the almost unquestioning foundation of world order, the main object of individual loyalties, the chief definer of people's identity.
defence	Military and naval defence forces to be under one command.
definite	That woman has a definite problem.
definitely	Our trip was definitely a success.
definable	Actually given the diversity the recipe doesn't really matter as no one characteristic is definable.
deficit	The formidable deficit is met principally in three ways.
definiteness	This gives to it unity and definiteness, and renders superfluous the attemps that have been made from time to time to define the limits which divide geography from geology on the one hand and from history on the other.
definitively	If you decide to becoming a doctor or lawyer, you are definitively choosing to enter one of the highest paying career fields.
deflation	This represents quite a turn around from a year ago when there were concerns that prices in general would actually fall causing deflation.
deflate	It's when they start to deflate that you experience problems.
definitive	When someone gives me some more definitive info on her, I'll tell you.
deflect	Prisms deflect rays of light towards their bases.
define	The child's eagerness and interest carry her over many obstacles that would be our undoing if we stopped to define and explain everything.
defining	July passed into August without any defining moments.
deflector	The deflector is an instrument designed to enable an observer to reduce the deviations of the compass to an amount not exceeding 2 0 during fogs, or at any time when bearings of distant objects are not available.
definition	Isn't that a classic definition of good politician?
deflection	If the ball is lowered until the lid is in place, the leaves take a steady deflection.
deforestation	The process of reckless deforestation is perceptible in certain districts.
deformed	One of his arms is deformed — short.
deflexion	The value of the constants P and Q can be obtained by making deflexion experiments at three distances.
deforest	Fans grew accustom to the I'm a doctor not a…. one liners made famous by DeForest Kelley who played Dr. Leonard McCoy in the original series.
deformation	Conversely, if this condition be satisfied, an infinitesimal deformation is possible.
deformable	A frame of n joints and vi 3 bars may of course fail to be rigid owing to some parts being over-stiff whilst others are deformable; in such a case it will be found that the statical equations, apart from the thre identical relations imposed by the equilibrium of the extraneous forces, are not all independent but are equivalent to less thar 2,13 relations.
deformity	Physical deformity is extremely rare.
defrost	A basic microwave oven should be able to cook, defrost and reheat.
deft	The loss of the Meletta-Badenecche positions Deft another salient exposed to Austrian attack.
deform	It is a potentially fatal condition that can deform bone structure and distort the appearance.
defray	Manual labour was adopted at first as a means for students to defray their college expenses.
deftness	Mrs. Watson demonstrated with a deftness at odds with her age.
defuse	It tends to bring us back into balance and defuse conflict.
defy	I tried to defy them once.
deftly	He caught the vine deftly and grinned.
defraud	That's no crime; he didn't do it to defraud anyone.
defunct	The whole system right across the board is defunct out of order and totally unbalanced.
degeneration	So, too, degeneration is not to be lightly assumed as the explanation of a simplicity of structure.
degeneracy	To-day their descendants are not more subject to goitre and cretinism than those dwelling around them, and are recognized by tradition and not by features or physical degeneracy.
deg	On an average day in this part of the peninsula the temperature in a European house ranged from 88° to 68°.
deglutition	The prey is always swallowed entire, and, as its girth generally much exceeds that of the snake, the progress of deglutition is very laborious and slow.
degenerate	They are small degenerate animals with a relatively firm integument.
degrade	On its being suggested to him that his acceptance of this position would degrade an ex-president, Adams replied that no person could be degraded by serving the people as a representative in congress or, he added, as a selectman of his town.
degrading	It's as if she's bent on degrading herself.
degree	Every child feels displaced to some degree when a new sibling arrives.
degenerative	The central part of the obstructed area very soon undergoes degenerative changes, and rapidly becomes decolourized.
degradation	Similarly William of Paris held that degradation deprived a priest of power to consecrate.
dehiscence	Thus the gonads are covered over by at least four layers of epithelium, and since these are unnecessary, presenting merely obstacles to the dehiscence of the gonads, they gradually undergo reduction.
dehisce	The sporangia, which arise in basipetal succession on the receptacle, dehisce by a median slit, though the annulus is somewhat oblique; they have resemblances to the Gleicheniaceae.
dehydrate	Overexposure to sunlight can dehydrate the body.
dehumidification	Features an independent blower controlled by its own switch which can be operated with or without dehumidification.
dehiscent	The order is easily distinguished by the hard, dry, woody texture of the leaves and the dehiscent fruits.
dehydrator	Some raw recipes also require an Excalibur dehydrator, but none of the recipes in my book require a dehydrator.
deign	She does not deign to be clever....
deify	It is very important that you do not deify us.
dehydration	Drink lots of water before and after class to avoid dehydration.
deist	The second is the typical deist of Locke's school, improved as regards his philosophy, and holding that the only possible proof of God's existence was a posteriori, from design, and that such proof was, on the whole, sufficient.
dejected	Connor responded with a dejected, Hi.
deification	Clemens accuses Basilides of a deification of the Devil (Oast etv Ten) 8c&f30Xov), and regards as his two dogmas that of the Devil and that of the transmigration of souls (Strom.
deistic	On the other hand, Kant's religion is of a type which requires a sort of deistic God, standing outside the world and constraining it into moral paths, or standing outside our moral struggles and rewarding our goodness.
dejectedly	Pouring himself a cup of coffee, he lounged against the counter dejectedly.
deistical	The doctrine of analogy was intended as a reply to the deistical conclusions that had been drawn from Locke's theory of knowledge.
deism	In such an atmosphere, deism readily uttered its protest against mysterious revelation.
dejection	He relieved his dejection ' Ouvres, i.
delay	The delay ended up being four hours.
delamination	These two endoderm-rudiments embryonic membrane formed by delamination from the blastoderm, ultimately grow together and give rise to the epithelium of the midwhile in a few insects, including the wingless spring-tails, the emgut.
delation	In Mesopotamia and Yemen disturbance was endemic; nearer home, a semblance of loyalty was maintained in the army and among the Mussulman population by a system of delation and espionage, and by wholesale arrests; while, obsessed by terror of assassination, the sultan withdrew himself into fortified seclusion in the palace of Yildiz.
delator	The new profession of the delator must have given a stimulus to oratory.
delectable	For a light and delectable dessert, try sticky rice and tropical fruits.
deity	He was Death, after all, a deity in his own right.
delete	Delete messages you know are from a cyber bully.
delectation	Mr George Goring has been laying down wines for the future delectation of his customers for many a long year.
deleterious	A few crops, such as mustard, seem deleterious to them.
delegation	A delegation consisting of several key businesspeople entered the meeting.
delegate	A delegate must be a member of the association.
delft	His mother was Marytje, daughter of Jan de Gorter, of a good family in Delft.
deliberate	Sure she was thin, but it wasn't a deliberate condition.
deliberately	You're deliberately missing the point.
deleted	With a resigned sigh, she opened the 'Alex' icon and deleted yesterday's message before starting another.
del	Granite and Archean schists form nearly the whole of the eastern hills from the Strait of Bonifacio southwards to the Flumendosa river, culminating in Monti del Gennargentu.
deli	I'll go to the deli when he's having lunch.
deleting	On some forums deleting attachments may be limited to certain users or groups.
deliberateness	There is this focus on honesty on the part of everyone involved that makes some people call it legalized cheating. I don’t really like that definition, since it lacks the deliberateness that makes poly truly successful.
deliberative	They were supported by a deliberative assembly, called credenza, chosen from the more distinguished citizens.
delicate	He is very soft and delicate yet.
deliberation	Free-will is so, although it is preceded by deliberation and determination, i.e.
delicious	Delicious dark chocolate eyes twinkled with mirth.
deliciously	A good vanilla pod is plump, moist and deliciously fragrant.
deletion	This will free room on your recorder without necessitating the deletion of past recordings.
delight	He was a delight to behold.
delighted	She laughed in a delighted way.
delicatessen	Although most major cities now have at least one gourmet market that sells high-end, hard to find edibles, Balducci's was the first New York City company to have a greengrocer, fishmonger, butcher and delicatessen all under the same roof.
delightfully	Well then, we must be delightfully allergic to each other.
delightedly	She began to work delightedly and finished the card in a few minutes, and did it very neatly indeed.
delilah	Delilah put him to sleep upon her lap, called in a man to shave off his seven locks, and this time he was easily captured.
deliciousness	Or, you can really turn heads with the Super Colossal Tower of Treats Collection at $300, an overwhelming two feet of deliciousness.
delayed	The final secularization was delayed till 1819.
delicately	They fell delicately one by one, like feathers.
delineate	Use colors to clearly delineate the elements in your graphs.
delicacy	Delicacy of health compelled his retirement in the autumn of 1835.
delimitation	Thus ended a struggle which only left Spain the Carolines and a few other islands in the Pacific, which she sold to Germany in 1899 for 800,000, and a couple of islands which were left out in the delimitation made by the Paris peace treaty of the 12th of December 1898, and for which America paid 20,000 in 1900.
delimit	The comma field separator serves no purpose except to delimit the format codes.
delineation	His sculptures are at the highest range of original and effective delineation in antiquity.
delimiter	The function takes an array as the argument and you can specify the item delimiter.
delinquency	Mental health professionals agree, and rising rates of serious school disciplinary problems, delinquency, and violent crime indicate, that antisocial behavior in general is increasing.
delinquent	Provision is made for truant, dependent, neglected and delinquent children.
delirium	They had a fight in their delirium, and one was severely wounded.
deliver	Not 'til we deliver the Spring waters.
delightful	It was a delightful surprise.
delivery	The real surprise came with his presence in the delivery room.
delirious	The patient may be somewhat confused and delirious.
deliverer	He was hailed as the deliverer and father of his country, and all manner of distinctions and congratulations were heaped upon him.
deliquescent	The acid is very deliquescent, and oxidizes on exposure to air to phosphoric acid.
delphic	Far more famous is the Delphic, or more strictly, the Pylaeic-Delphic, amphictyony.
delphinium	Is ideal filled with real delphinium petal confetti (item 143 - as shown) or for your bridesmaids to hand out favors.
deliverance	This deliverance was what the mysteries promised.
delphian	Apollo was born on the 7th day (050,ua-yEviis) of the month Thargelion according to Delian, of the month Bysios according to Delphian, tradition.
delphi	The Phocians, led by two capable generals, Philomelus and Onomarchus, replied by seizing Delphi and using its riches to hire a mercenary army.
dell	There is also a fine pulpit by Fra Guglielmo dell' Agnello of Pisa (1270).
deltoid	Seated lateral raises will help you build the deltoid muscles of your shoulders.
delusive	It was a delusive victory.
delude	These foreigners introduced new life into politics and the press, and made it fashionable for educated Maltese to delude themselves with the idea that the Maltese were Italians, because a few of them could speak the language of the peninsula.
deltaic	The deltaic portions are of course a dead level; and the highest hills within the district in the western or frontier tract do not exceed 2500 ft.
delusion	Her comment on this delusion is instructive.
deluge	That deluge of fire was worth seeing.
delve	Delve into your work, spend time on your hobbies, or find something new to do.
dem	His chief works were Oeffentliche Zuschrift von dem Phosphor Mirabil (1678); Ars vitriaria experimentalis (1689) and Laboratorium chymicum (1716).
delusional	Brandon Westlake was portrayed as a delusional old man bent on killing any and all witnesses to his half-century-old deed.
delta	The delta arms sometimes remain blocked with ice the whole year round.
deluxe	A beautiful new deluxe cabana is now available for those looking for higher quality accommodations.
demagogue	Again, his adversaries used to call him a dangerous demagogue.
demagnetization	Demagnetization by Reversals.-In the course of an experiment it is often desired to eliminate the effects of previous magnetization, and, as far as possible, wipe out the magnetic history of a specimen.
demagnetize	It had long been known that the discharges from a Leyden jar could magnetize or demagnetize steel needles.
demagogic	In politics he was an earnest friend of liberty and progress, and in the period of reaction which followed the overthrow of Napoleon he was charged by the Prussian government with demagogic agitation in conjunction with the great patriot Arndt.
demarcate	Some thinkers have identified the two, while others regard Epistemology as a subdivision of logic; others demarcate their relative spheres by confining logic to the science of the laws of thought, i.e.
demagogy	It was not at first a demagogy maddened by the preaching of the irreconcilable clergy of Paris, but a union of the more honest and prudent classes of the nation in order to combat heresy.
demeanor	I was extremely nervous for my first lesson; but, Anne's calm demeanor immediately put me at ease.
deme	In the deme of Colonus he was worshipped with Athena, the reputed inventor of the bridle.
demarcation	Coincident with the demarcation of Russian boundaries in Turkestan was that of northern Afghanistan.
demean	And she'd never demean herself to that man.
demeaning	You must learn to deflect demeaning comments but incorporate constructive criticism.
dementia	An older man with dementia left to rot and finally die in an old folks' home.
demand	If you don't stand up and demand a change, he'll keep on doing it.
demeanour	He indignantly rebuked his rival's language and demeanour.
demerit	From the sentiments of propriety and admiration we proceed to the sense of merit and demerit.
demented	But, while he continues demented, he cannot judge of the visions which he sees or the words which he utters....
demerara	The best results from extraction by diffusion have been obtained in Java, where there is an abundance of clear, good water; but in the Hawaiian Islands, and in Cuba and Demerara, diffusion has been abandoned on several well mounted estates and replaced by double and triple crushing; and it is not likely to be resorted to again, as the extra cost of working is not compensated by the slight increase of sugar produced.
demanding	Would he soon grow tired of her showing up at his door, demanding a meal?
demersal	It spawns at a distance from the shore, and its eggs are buoyant, like those of many other marine fishes and unlike those of the herring, which are adhesive and demersal, i.e.
demesne	To the west of the town lies Woburn Park, the demesne of Woburn Abbey,.
demigod	Talon's a demigod, and he thinks he can take on Czerno.
demise	The demise of war, now that is inevitable.
demi	More pictures of the vintage demi tasse coffee set - click here.
demiurge	The demiurge of the Valentinians always clearly bears the features of the Old Testament creator-God.
democratization	With democratization, there was renewed impetus to separate from Russia.
demographic	My research requires me to know more about the demographic of this area.
demographics	These sorts of demographics tell you the characteristics of a majority of Michigan Internet users, and with that information you can tailor your online message to target those groups.
demo	Needless to say, the demo positively reeks of quality.
democrat	Pattison (1850-1904), a Democrat, was elected governor in 1883 and again in 1891, but he was handicapped by Republican legislatures.
demography	Special emphasis is put on geographical and spatial dimensions of firm demography.
demolish	On the contrary, they have divine power to demolish strongholds.
demolition	Since the demolition of the fortifications the city has greatly expanded.
demoniac	When the animal is excited, the howl changes into what has been compared to demoniac laughter, whence the name of laughing-hyena.
democratic	You have to split this in a nice democratic fashion.
demonic	The smell of sulfur is considered a sign of a demonic presence.
demoniacal	He ultimately became a devout believer in demoniacal and spiritual possession; and his later writings are all strongly impregnated with the lower supernaturalism.
demonstrable	This has all led to clearly demonstrable Business benefits.
democracy	We welcome new members to join in the fight for a liberal democracy.
demonstrate	I tried to demonstrate the panic I felt.
demonology	The evocation of spirits, especially in the form of necromancy, is an important branch of the demonology of many peoples; and the peculiarities of trance mediumship, which seem sufficiently established by modern research, go far to explain the vogue of this art.
demonstrative	Does it trouble you that I'm not demonstrative?
demonstrably	Numerous objects had been discovered in the course of excavations, but not one of them could be recognized as more than a few centuries old, while those that were not demonstrably foreign imports were of African type.
demonstrator	At an early age Antoine became botanical demonstrator in the Jardin des Plantes, and was thus led to devote his time to the science of botany.
demoralize	He died a broken-hearted man, prophesying the inevitable ruin of a nation which he himself had done so much to demoralize.
demon	What demon possessed me that I behaved so well?
demos	Many of these games are demos, or portions of the game that let you sample the product.
demoralization	If in more recent times progress in Judaism has implied more or less of revolt against the rigors and fetters of Qaro's code, yet for 250 years it was a powerful safeguard against demoralization and stagnation.
demonstration	The pottery class instructor asked for a volunteer to knead the clay in a demonstration.
demure	He loved the way she could be wanton and sensual one minute, then bashful and demure the next.
demur	The Koreans did not accept the restoration of Japanese influence without demur.
demurely	Depending on the desired look, one can go alluringly bold, or demurely subtle.
demulcent	The finer varieties are used as an emollient and demulcent in medicine, and in the manufacture of confectionery; the commoner qualities are used as an adhesive paste, for giving lustre to crape, silk, &c., in cloth finishing to stiffen the fibres, and in calico-printing.
demotic	Akerblad, a Swedish orientalist attached to the embassy in Paris, identified the proper names of persons which occurred in the demotic text, being guided to them by the position of their equivalents in the Greek.
demurrage	Owners claimed demurrage pursuant to clause 8 of the charterparty.
demystify	We will explain the major provisions of the legislation and attempt to demystify accompanying jargon often used by privacy professionals.
denarius	The unit of money was the denarius, not the silver, but a copper coin introduced by Diocletian, of which the value has been fixed approximately at kth of a penny.
denationalize	But, while the Tsarist regime, unable to denationalize a homogeneous population of a different religion and language, initially conceded a minimum of rights to the Polish nation, in Lithuania proper from the outset an unrelenting system of tyranny was established which was designed to break by force every non-Russian element in the country.
demy	He was educated at Eton and at Magdalen College, Oxford, becoming demy or scholar in 1619, and fellow in 1625.
denary	The notation is then said to be in the scale of which ten is the base, or in the denary scale.
dendritic	In emery, magnetite in a granular form is largely associated with the corundum; and in certain kinds of mica magnetite occurs as thin dendritic enclosures.
den	She walked into the den twice and stared at the computer.
dene	The Den, or Dene, forms a promenade along the sea-front, with a small lighthouse and a pier.
dengue	Additionally, infectious diseases like malaria and dengue fever are being spread to new areas that were once inhospitable to mosquitoes, putting the health of millions of human beings at risk.
deniability	You've enough plausible deniability to last the rest of your nine lives.
denier	They repudiated Peter, calling him a denier of Christ, and would not accept his repentance and tears.'
denomination	She then pushed the three smaller denomination coins across the coffee table toward Fred.
denitrification	A considerable degree of denitrification must, therefore, take place in the ocean, for the concentration of combined nitrogen is always excessively small.
denizen	I feel I've become a denizen of the true Earth for the first time.
denial	Any denial would be immediately detected as a lie, anyway.
denotative	Herodotus, like Homer, has a denotative as well as a connotative use.
denominator	Hence, so long as the denominator remains unaltered, we can deal with, exactly as if they were numbers, any operations being performed on the numerators.
denotation	She studied the denotation of the sentence as a whole.
denominational	This act was amended in 1897 to meet the wishes of the Roman Catholic minority, but separate schools were not reestablished; nor was the council divided into denominational committees.
denouncer	The European ferment of ideas which preceded the French Revolution expressed itself in men like Alfieri, the fierce denouncer of tyrants, Beccaria, the philosopher of criminal jurisprudence, Volta, the physicist, and numerous political economists of Tuscany.
denouement	There are, I think, a number of problems with the story's denouement.
denounce	It was tempting to denounce him in front of everyone, but that would be childish.
denote	Various artifices are employed to denote the end of the reaction.
dental	A school of medicine was opened in 1851, a dental school in 1901 and a school of law in 1870.
dens	Dens died on the 15th of February 1775.
dent	As much as she ate, she didn't seem to dent the plate of food.
denticulated	In the Auriculidae the aperture is denticulated.
denticulate	The postabdomen, marked off by the two postabdominal setae, usually has teeth or spines, and ends in two denticulate or ciliate claws, or it may be rudimentary, as in Polyphemus.
dentist	Couldn't he have gone to the doctor or the dentist or some­place?
dentine	Table 4 Skewed distribution of decay (decay defined as decay into dentine ).
denim	He looked like a rancher in his faded denim jeans and plaid shirt.
densely	Barbados is one of the most densely populated areas in the world.
density	One half of the earth has therefore a greater density than the other.
dense	The dawn brought cool air and dense fog.
dentistry	After preparing a small volume of miscellanies, which was published by subscription, he studied dentistry with Anthony Norris Groves in Exeter.
dentition	In the true poisonous snakes the maxillary dentition has undergone a special modification.
deny	Carmen couldn't deny that fact.
denture	Some people find that using a denture fixative in the early stages gives them extra security.
denunciation	There was an especially bitter denunciation of the Curia by some unknown writer.
denudation	The remains of ancient craters can be distinguished, but their outlines have been greatly destroyed by denudation.
deodorant	Showering daily and using deodorant can help.
deodorize	A little cider vinegar in the rinse water will help deodorize the doll and kill bacteria.
deodorizer	Before leaving the storage room, he also grabbed a can of aerosol deodorizer.
denunciatory	He was an extremely vigorous controversialist, and his Latin abounds in denunciatory epithets.
deodar	The Deodar is also much used, but the other pines produce timber that is not durable.
depart	I depart for the Orient with all the means of success at my disposal.
deoxidize	Consequently, when we deoxidize calcium in the iron blastfurnace, it greedily absorbs the sulphur which has been dissolved in the iron as iron sulphide, and the sulphide of calcium thus formed separates from the iron.
deoxidation	By deoxidation, haematite may be converted into magnetite, as proved by certain pseudomorphs; but on the other hand magnetite is sometimes altered to haematite.
dep	This page gives an overview of all articles in the 1911 Brittanica which are alphabetized under Ded to Dep.
dependable	This is more dependable.
departed	All her feelings for Alex had departed with the baby.
dependability	Loyalty and dependability become important qualities of good friends.
dependent	She was becoming more dependent on him.
dependant	His father, William Rolle, was perhaps a dependant of the Neville family.
departmental	The prefects are assisted by departmental councils.
department	He telephoned the Parkside Police department but they had no news.
depict	Road maps depict major roads in a state.
departure	But after Bennigsen's departure, the Grand Duke Tsarevich Constantine Pavlovich joined the army.
dephosphorization	But this dephosphorization by oxidation can be carried out only in the case slag is basic. If it is acid, i.e.
depiction	The depiction was of him, and her, and Anshan, though how she knew Anshan, he didn't know.
dependency	In the same year Bokhara became a dependency of Russia.
depilatory	They also melt frankincense as a depilatory, and smear their hands with a paste into the composition of which frankincense enters, for the purpose of communicating to them an attractive perfume.
deplete	Fans were coming up in the break to rapidly deplete the pile.
deplore	One may deplore his unfortunate history and wasted genius, but it is impossible to regret his exclusion from the government of England.
deplorably	The priests of the Greek Church, on whom the rural population depend for instruction, are often deplorably ignorant.
depletion	Reversing the trends in climate change, pollution, non-renewable resource consumption and resource depletion require a vast majority of the population make changes in their daily lives.
deploy	The advance of the third English line only made matters worse, and the sole attempt to deploy the archers was crushed with great slaughter by the charge of Keith's mounted men.
deplorable	The deplorable events of 1841 were reenacted in 1879.
dependence	The degree of this dependence was always a matter of dispute.
deployment	The deployment completed, about 4 p.m.
deport	This is one of the only known countries to actually deport citizens over the age of 18 who are recognized as intentionally illiterate.
deportation	Penal establishments were formed at Newcastle in New South Wales, at Hobart and Launceston in Tasmania, and an unsuccessful attempt was made to colonize Port Phillip. The most noteworthy incident in the first decade of the 19th century was the forcible deportation by the officers of the New South Wales Corps, a regiment raised in England for service in the colony, of the governor, Captain Bligh, R.N., the naval officer identified with the mutiny of the Bounty.
depose	It was decided to depose him, and the choice of the Bohemians now fell on John of Luxemburg, son of Henry, king of the Romans.
deposition	Paul, notwithstanding his deposition, kept possession of the episcopal residence.
depopulation	To the difficulties caused by disaster, depopulation and maladministration there was added the danger of foreign invasion when war broke out in Europe between Francis I.
depositary	Possessed of immense wealth, which he had himself acquired in commerce, and held in high esteem as a judge, an interpreter of dreams and a depositary of the traditions of his race, his early accession to Islamism was a fact of great importance.
depository	But the emperor died before the project could be consummated, and for twenty-five years Ares memory remained the sole depository of the collected annals.
depend	If I need any help, I can always depend on Josh.
deportment	The fifth compound, on the other hand, does not behave as an unsaturated aliphatic compound, but its deportment is that of a nucleus, many substitution derivatives being capable of synthesis.
depravity	I see only the parts of them that hold depravity, weakness.
depraved	His power comes from the depraved and the forbidden.
deprecate	I would strongly deprecate the former, for reasons which I will give.
depositor	In 1898 California had the largest savings-bank deposit per depositor ($637.75) of any state in the.
deprecation	Kervyn de Lettenhove's text includes the portions of the chronicle covering the periods September 1419, October 1422, January 1430 to December 1431, 1451-1452, July 1454 to October 1458, July 1461 to July 1463, and, with omissions, June 1467 to September 1470; and three volumes of minor pieces of considerable interest, especially Le Temple de Boccace, dedicated to Margaret of Anjou, and the Deprecation for Pierre Breze, imprisoned by Louis XI.
depot	It is the chief depot for grain raised in the Gezira, has oil and soap works, and is a thriving commercial centre, being on the main trade route between Khartum and Abyssinia.
depreciate	The government being unable to repay its loans from the banks compelled the latter to suspend the conversion of their notes, which began to depreciate in value.
deposit	Payment through a banker or by written draft against deposit was frequent.
depredation	Each farm was matched with a similar farm nearby without wolf depredation.
depreciatory	Even the author of the OcOaxrt finds it necessary to defend the prophets who practised celibacy and strict asceticism against the depreciatory criticism of church members.
depreciation	In 1879, owing to the continued depreciation of silver, the free coinage of silver was suspended.
depressant	It is a powerful cardiac depressant, diminishing both the force and frequency of the heart's beat.
depress	Locally applied they depress the terminations of sensory nerves, and may thereby lessen pain.
depressingly	Many of these are depressingly familiar to militant workers around the world.
depressing	I'm not overly anxious to get back on that depressing ship.
depressor	The kit consists of a tongue depressor with a piece of clear tape on the end.
dept	Fire dept honor guard uniforms are military in style and color.
depressed	His face was depressed and gloomy.
depressive	Common red flags that children may be experiencing a depressive disorder include a sudden decline in grades and/or disinterest in schoolwork, avoidance of friends, loss of interest in extracurricular activities, and withdrawal from family.
deprive	And who was she to deprive him because of her beliefs?
deputy	He'd recently employed a deputy who was doing a top notch job.
deprivation	Sleep deprivation will not go on forever.
deputation	The deputation also urged the Transvaal to join the South African Customs Union.
derail	Then we will list the things that might derail us on the way to that future.
depute	There are two schools of thought regarding depute letters.
deprived	He was sleep deprived and not exactly in the mood.
depth	He understood the depth of her fear.
deranged	Others can be scary because of a particularly deranged storyline.
derangement	When this inequality of irrigation once occurs, it is likely to increase from the consequent derangement of the feeders and drains.
derailment	This provides the opportunity to make any needed repairs before you put your home on the market and helps to thwart the derailment of the sale of your home if you find an interested buyer.
dereliction	The principle does not apply to the cost of tackling dereliction.
derelict	Now it stood empty but for a few derelict buildings.
derision	I concluded that he laughed in derision of my efforts, confident of his own resources.
depression	She hadn't recognized it as depression then, though.
derisive	Her derisive attitude will not be tolerated long here.
deride	While there was much to admire in TPM, there was also, alas, much to deride.
derivable	As already intimated, our knowledge of palaeometeorology, or of past climates, is derivable chiefly from fossils.
derisively	Napoleon was silent, still looking derisively at him and evidently not listening to him.
derive	The traditions of the Somalis derive them from the same region.
derivation	The derivation of the word has been much debated.
derivative	It is only in derivative words that this vagueness is avoided.
derivational	The derivational affixes stand for the first degree of the scale, the inflectional affixes stand for the second degree.
derma	Two of these are Covermark and Derma blend.
derby	The Derby porcelain or china manufactory was started about 1750.
dermal	In some freshwater Copepoda the secretion of the dermal glands forms a gelatinous envelope, by means of which the animals are able to survive desiccation.
dermatological	Reports in the dermatological literature incriminating an unspecified coleus will usually be referring to a Coleus blumei cultivar.
derm	It results from this that the horn has the appearance of a mass of agglutinated hairs, which, in the newly growing part at the base, readily fray out on destruction of the softer intermediate substance; but the fibres differ from true hairs in growing from a free papilla of the derm, and not within a follicular involution of the same.
dermatophyte	Candidal infections of the groin often involve the scrotum, in contrast to dermatophyte groin infections, which do not usually involve this area.
dermatology	Through the group's combined expertise in biochemistry, dermatology, clinical methods and molecular biology, the Pro X line was formed.
derogation	The initial period of derogation was three years, after which some plants were granted further temporary derogation 4 See vol.
dermis	Officially referred to by doctors as permanent pigmentation of the dermis, permanent makeup is a process that literally tattoos cosmetics onto the skin.
dern	I wouldn ' give a dern for a million UN um.
dernier	Placed under arrest with the Girondins, he escaped to Rennes where he drew up a pamphlet denouncing the constitution of 1793 under the curious title Le Dernier Crime de Lanjuinais (Rennes, 1793).
dermatologist	For permanent treatment however, a dermatologist's professional care is probably the best solution.
dermatitis	In fact, some people who used Vitamin E oil developed a contact dermatitis over.. .
derriere	Thongs provide less coverage than a panty and sacrifice the back portion of the panty in order to remove any visible lines that are created by the derriere seams of underpants.
derogatory	Luckily, she had had nothing derogatory or confidential to say!
derry	The rich deanery of Derry then became vacant and Swift applied for it.
dervish	From Gallabat a dervish raiding party penetrated to Gondar, which they looted.
derrick	The throttle-valve is opened or closed by turning a grooved vertical pulley by means of an endless cord, called the telegraph, passing round another pulley fixed upon the headache-post, and is thus under the control of the driller working in the derrick.
descending	He changed shape before descending behind Kris.
desalination	This dive was located very near to the water desalination plant.
descendant	It's a descendant of the Mexican earless goat.
description	He called the station and reported the description of the vehicle.
descriptive	The descriptive parts of my novel found favour.
describer	To explain these, two alternatives are offered by the describer.
des	The Hotel des Invalides founded by Louis XIV.
descriptor	How do I close a file descriptor by number?
desecrate	The enemy is advancing to destroy Russia, to desecrate the tombs of our fathers, to carry off our wives and children.
descended	The conversation with Gabriel turned over in her thoughts as she descended the stairs and left through the opened gate.
desegregation	Rosa Parks is a great example of a bastion for desegregation.
descend	They worked on him until she felt the helo descend and finally reach the ground.
describe	I can't describe how helpless I felt.
desecration	Rubin seeks to go beyond a mere chronicle of the most notorious host desecration episodes.
descent	The descent felt as long as their two day trip.
deserted	The sound came from the deserted lot.
desensitize	A class like this is designed to expose and, hopefully, desensitize a dog to a variety of people and situations in order to teach them that there's nothing to be alarmed about.
desertion	The New Orleans police department was weakened by desertion.
desensitization	Small amounts of pain desensitization - this can occur with just one drink and can intensify as more alcohol is consumed.
desensitizing	A small number of desensitizing lubricants exist for the purpose of decreasing stimulation and prolonging sex.
deserter	Toward dawn, Count Orlov-Denisov, who had dozed off, was awakened by a deserter from the French army being brought to him.
deserving	He is fully deserving of his place in the Hall of Fame.
deservedly	Butler's argument is that the individual suffers (and feels that he suffers deservedly) from neglecting these.
desiccant	A better method for drying seeds is to use a desiccant.
deserved	I'd be getting just what I deserved if I hit you.
deserts	Where the rainfall is still lower, deserts occur.
desiccator	After ignition, it is allowed to cool in a desiccator and then weighed.
design	Sonya sat in the drawing room at the round table, copying a design for embroidery.
desiderata	As a matter of fact, it confined itself to expressing certain desiderata in a libellus supplicatorius which it submitted to the new pope.
designate	After the word Asia had acquired its larger sense, it was still specially used by the Greeks to designate the country around Ephesus.
desideratum	The great desideratum in a seat on horseback is that it should be firm.
desiccation	During their removal it is important that the roots be covered, if only to prevent desiccation by the air.
designedly	It is not improbable that all dogs sprang from one common source, but climate, food and cross-breeding caused variations of form which suggested particular uses, and these being either designedly or accidentally perpetuated, the various breeds of dogs arose, and became numerous in proportion to the progress of civilization.
desert	The desert night was cold and dark.
desirable	It is not desirable to cultivate a respect for the law, so much as for the right.
deserve	I don't deserve someone like you.
designation	The Mahratta king, a descendant of Sivaji, had become a roi fainéant, and the arrangement was negotiated by his Brahman minister, whose official designation was the peshwa.
desirability	But at the close of 1906 the Cape ministry formally reopened the question of federation, and at a railway conference held in Pretoria in May 1908 the Natal delegates agreed to a motion affirming the desirability of the early union of the self-governing colonies.
desk	She folded her arms on the desk.
desirous	Castner had long been interested in aluminium, and was desirous of lowering its price.
desist	The Danes were to desist from their ravages, but were allowed to stay in England.
desolate	How very desolate must that one be.
desolation	Desolation absorbed her into her thoughts, until Jade spoke again.
desire	We have a natural desire to want to help others.
despair	A few positive words can turn despair into hope.
despairing	I have been despairingat the thought of this.
desired	He was one of the moderate party who desired an accommodation with the king, and was opposed to Cromwell's sectaries.
desperate	By now, he had to be desperate to get rid of her.
designing	Most of the artists, whose main work was the designing of broadsheets, produced elaborately illustrated books; and this series includes specimens of printing in colors from wood-blocks, which for technique have never been excelled.
despairingly	Oh! groaned Kutuzov despairingly and looked around....
desktop	You can share your desktop and have whiteboard sessions on your computer.
desperado	Besides starring in Desperado, From Dusk Till Dawn, and the Mexican telenovella (a soap opera) Teresa, Salma went on to receive critical acclaim for her role in Frida.
despicable	Yes, what she did early on was despicable in our minds, but put yourself in her position.
desperation	The desperation in her voice drew his attention.
despise	I'm beginning to despise public officials.
desperately	I've wanted desperately to talk to you!
despising	He sets the Normans before us as a race specially marked by cunning, despising their own inheritance in the hope of winning a greater, eager after both gain and dominion, given to imitation of all kinds, holding a certain mean between lavishness and greediness - that is, perhaps uniting, as they certainly did, these two seemingly opposite qualities.
designer	Tables with designer shoes on them stood beside the truck.
despatch	This vital despatch was sent off in duplicate at midnight and reached von Blumenthal at 4 a.m.
despondency	Yet there was great despondency, of course, in the Conservative ranks; with despondency discontent; with discontent rancour.
despot	The archbishop Giovanni Visconti was at this period virtually despot of Milan.
despondent	The children, feeling sad and despondent, were about to follow him when the Wizard touched Dorothy softly on her shoulder.
despoil	He comes to despoil our beloved country.
despotic	Men thought him more cruel and more despotic than he actually was.
despotically	Under the Aragonese, Malta, as regards local affairs, was administered bya Universitd or municipal commonwealth with wide and indefinite powers, including the election of its officers, Capitan di Verga, Jurats, &c. The minutes of the Consiglio Popolare of this period are preserved, showing it had no legislative power; this was vested in the king, and was exercised despotically in the interests of the Crown.
despotism	At the same time his paternal despotism tended to emasculate the Tuscan character.
destination	When they reached their destination, Alex pulled her aside and gently corrected her.
destiny	I have faith only in God and the lofty destiny of our adored monarch.
destabilize	If there is one sure way to cripple a country, it is to destabilize it's economic machine.
dessertspoon	Personally, I like these cakes highly spiced and use at least 1 dessertspoon aniseed and 1-2 tablespoons cumin.
destroy	Rhyn wanted to destroy the letter.
destitution	Despite this destitution, the soldiers and officers went on living just as usual.
destruction	The destruction continued for miles without end, as far as she could see.
destitute	Land bears have the soles of the feet destitute of hair, and their fur more or less shaggy.
destructible	There are bases for a start, fully destructible bases.
destroyer	As Brahma is the creator and Vishnu the preserver, so Siva is the destroyer.
destructiveness	Similarly, the comparatively small destructiveness of modern plague, even in India, may be explained by the improved sanitary conditions and energetic measures dictated by modern knowledge.
destructively	Insects are comparatively few, but ants swarm destructively in the heat of the year.
desuetude	Nor has it yet fallen into desuetude.
despite	Despite her fear, she wrapped her arms around him.
destructive	The district is exposed to drought and also to destructive floods.
destructor	Any excess ozone not absorbed into the water is destroyed by a machine called a destructor.
det	The production of Master Olof marked the beginning of the new movement in Swedish literature, and the Red Room and the collection of satirical sketches entitled Det nya riket ( The New Kingdom, 1882) increased the growing hostility to Strindberg.
destined	His sister, Katie, had insisted that they were destined to be together.
desulphurization	For the desulphurization of zinc blende where it is not intended to collect and save the sulphur there are many mechanical kilns, generally classified as straight-line, horse-shoe, turret and shaft kilns; all of these may be made to do good work on moderately clean ores which do not melt at the temperature of desulphurization.
detail	He should try and remember every detail he sees.
detailed	She apolo­gized that she would once again need his detailed report now that the body remained missing.
detach	It is, therefore, impossible to detach Ex.
desultory	His attendance was desultory, and he does not appear to have completed his arts course.
dessert	While eating dessert, they heard a muffled moan from the bed.
detain	I won't detain you longer, General.
detainee	Our criminal laws make it a felony to conspire to torture a detainee abroad.
detailer	Does this detailer have experience with luxury vehicles like your car?
detachment	Lemarrois had just arrived at a gallop with Bonaparte's stern letter, and Murat, humiliated and anxious to expiate his fault, had at once moved his forces to attack the center and outflank both the Russian wings, hoping before evening and before the arrival of the Emperor to crush the contemptible detachment that stood before him.
detective	Detective Jackson's voice surprised me.
detectable	Six hands still had detectable levels of peanut allergen.
detachable	The yard scales were on detachable strips, so that fresh strips could be inserted for variations in velocity.
detector	Running the lie detector, no doubt.
detached	It was hard for him to remain detached around the beautiful woman with silver-white hair.
detailing	Lana read through one detailing the intent to attack using a secret weapon.
detent	In dropping it dislodges the detent of the reducing slide, and the slide springs forward and reduces the flow of the sugar.
detection	Vega devoted great attention to the detection and correction of the errors in Vlacq's work of 1628.
detect	Do I detect a note of discord?
deterioration	This leads to deterioration of agriculture and lessens the production.
detention	In 1901 Bellary was chosen as one of the places of detention in India for Boer prisoners of war.
deteriorate	As a result of these various degenerations the functions of the body deteriorate, the faculties become blunted, and the muscular energy of the body is below what it was in earlier life, while the secreting glands in certain instances become functionally obsolescent.
determination	Determination was her motivation to stand up to the bully.
determinable	The sense may be clear though the words may no longer be determinable.
determinate	They paid a fixed proportion of the produce (pars agraria) to the owner of the estate, and gave a determinate amount of labour (operae) on the portion of the domain which he kept in his own hands (mansus dominicus).
determinative	Configuration is only one out of many conditions modifying distributions, and its effects on England as a whole appear to be suggestive rather than determinative.
deter	It's my responsibility to monitor and deter them in the mortal world, Rhyn said.
determinant	Consideration of the definition of the determinant shows that the value is unaltered when the suffixes in each element are transposed.
detergent	Wash the garments using a soft and gentle detergent.
determiner	Still, if price is the main determiner in where you stay, then you can't beat motels' reasonable rates.
determinism	Mill tried to reconcile criminal law and its punishments with his very hard type of determinism by saying that law was needed in order to weight the scale, and in order to hold out a prospect of penalties which might deter from crime and impel towards good citizenship, so Paley held that virtue was not merely obedience to God but obedience for 1 Criticism of the scheme, from the point of view of an idealist theism, will be found in John Caird's Introduc to the Phil.
deterministic	However, equivalence questions for the deterministic case, whether two grammars or pushdown automata generate the same language or tree are open.
deterrent	This has to be a serious deterrent to Japan (as an example).
determinedly	It showed the band performing the song very determinedly while a variety of things go on around them, including a pack of dogs overtaking the stage.
deterrence	A second way is to enhance deterrence through punishment.
detest	You know how the children at the Institution detest it.
determinist	On ethics, Locke says very little, although that little is hedonist and determinist.
detestable	Of the detestable Tiptoft he writes that there flowered in.
dethrone	He will, with supreme arrogance, be attempting to dethrone God in his life.
detestation	Inwardly he took a remorse of conscience and detestation of mind.
determine	She couldn't determine if she'd won this round or not.
dethronement	A treasonable senate secretly plotting his dethronement, a mutinous diet rejecting the most necessary reforms for fear of absolutism, ungrateful allies who profited exclusively by his victories - these were his inseparable companions during the remainder of his life.
detonate	It is very difficult to detonate by percussion.
detonation	O Octane Number A measure of a fuel 's ability to prevent detonation in a spark ignition engine.
detonator	At one point in the action the remote detonator of the bomb rolled under the bell.
detraction	He constantly speaks of the malevolence and detraction of an older poet, whose name is said to have been Luscius Lavinius or Lanuvinus.
detour	Instruct everyone that drives in this direction to take a detour because the bridge is not safe in this inclement weather.
detonating	The more closely it is confined the greater is the pressure set up by a small part of the charge burning, and the more completely will the explosion of the remainder assume the detonating form.
determined	Elihu Burritt was a poor boy who was determined to learn.
detoxification	Detoxification can be accomplished suddenly, by complete and immediate cessation of all substance use or by slowly decreasing (tapering) the dose that a person is taking, to minimize the side effects of withdrawal.
detract	But all these operations render the metals harder, and detract from their plasticity.
detriment	France, Spain and the Empire were competing with each other in power to the detriment of smaller states.
detrimentally	At the same time large numbers of these cells perish in the struggle, but even the death of these cells is of value to the body, as in the process of breaking down there are set free ferments which not only act detrimentally to the bacteria, but also may stimulate the bringing forward of another form of cell defenders - the mononuclear leucocyte.
detractor	Etienne Dolet calls him enemy of Cicero, and jealous detractor of the French name.
detoxify	Our bodies naturally detoxify to maintain life and health.
detrimental	It will have detrimental effects on the healing process.
detritus	The coast is low and sandy and is formed by the detritus deposited by the sea current called Calema.
deuce	For example, if Player 1 shows the deuce of spades and Player 2 shows the deuce of clubs, Player 2 bets first.
detrital	In sedimentary rocks it occurs as detrital material.
devastation	But on the whole there was no ruinous devastation of the land.
devalue	Bland copies would make no positive contribution but would simply devalue the historic character of the area.
devastatingly	No, he wasn't devastatingly handsome, like Denton.
devaluation	I mean who gives a toss about the transfer between funds to reflect the straight line devaluation of the fixed asset.
devastate	It will devastate her.
devastating	The news was devastating to all of us.
developmentally	Always make sure to play games that are developmentally appropriate.
deviate	Omar did not deviate from that line of conduct.
deviation	Deviation from this rule indicates molecular dissociation or association.
developer	On New Year's Day in 1960, businessman and hotel developer Del Webb opened Sun City to visitors.
deviant	She backed away from his door, wondering how that deviant thought emerged.
device	He handed the device to her.
development	But three years later a new economic development began.
developing	The blush was developing into a burning flame.
develop	The second crop of cabbage was starting to develop, and the okra looked good.
devilishly	These swimsuits are devilishly daring; perfect for the uninhibited woman.
devilish	Mary smiled; a devilish twinkle in her eye.
devious	After a devious chase of a month Hood moved across Alabama to northern Mississippi.
devise	I prefer to use this app because it allows me to devise my own music playlists.
devote	The foundress-queen is now waited on by the workers, who supply her with food and spare her all cares of work, so that henceforth she may devote her whole energies to egg-laying.
devoted	It was no surprise both children were so devoted to Alex.
devil	She wanted to know what the devil was going on.
devolution	This change of conception helped to further the notion of a certain devolution of apostolic powers to successors constituted by act of ordination.
devotedly	He was the first cousin of the Buddha, and was devotedly attached to him.
devotional	It is loosely used to describe any exalted strain of devotional melody.
devotee	Like her parents, she instantly became a devotee.
developmental	The behavior is a normal developmental phase for children.
devolve	Could the crown of the eldest daughter of the Church be allowed to devolve upon a relapsed heretic?
devonian	The Devonian system includes a complex series of deposits, which are of most interest in eastern Australia.
devoid	Most of the time his tone was devoid of any emotion.
dew	The sun does not rise, the dew does not fall.
devouring	Ten minutes later, she sat at a picnic table, devouring the crispy-sweet treats.
devoutly	Every one who takes up the book in the proper religious frame of mind, like most of the Moslems, reads pieces directed against long-obsolete absurd customs of Mecca just as devoutly as the weightiest moral precepts - perhaps even more devoutly, because he does not understand them so well.
devour	Ant-mimicking spiders have been seen now and again to devour their models.
dewlap	The rabbit in the picture has a large dewlap.
devout	He was also very devout, and his morals were irreproachable.
dewberry	Like the sand-reed, the dewberry bramble and the shrub of the buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides) perform a useful service in helping to bind the sand together.
devoutness	Abdalaziz, who was received there with joy, his devoutness and gentle character being well known.
dewey	On the 1st of May an American fleet under Commodore George Dewey destroyed the Spanish fleet stationed in Manila Bay.
devotion	There was no mistaking the devotion in the beautiful blue eyes.
dexter	The crescent is employed as a charge in heraldry, with its horns vertical; when they are turned to the dexter side of the shield, it is called increscent, when to the sinister, decrescent.
dextral	Beneath the ciliated groove is placed an elongated ganglion (olfactory ganglion) connected by a nerve to the supraintestinal (therefore the primitively dextral) ganglion of the long h, k, m, Stomach.
dewy	Outside all was bright, fresh, dewy, and cheerful.
dexterously	This fell far short of his desires, and he now dexterously referred the whole question to the nation at large.
dexterity	His dexterity was amazing.
dextrose	Along this channel the nectar is drawn into the pharynx and passes, mixed with saliva, into the crop or honey-bag; the action of the saliva changes the saccharose into dextrose and levulose, and the nectar becomes honey, which the bee regurgitates for storage in the cells or for the feeding of the grubs.
dexterous	The dexterous Greeks humoured him to the top of his bent.
dextro	The natural (laevo) base is twice as toxic as the dextro.
dg	This fact is overshadowed in England, partly by the habitual use of the word gentleman (q.v.) in various secondary uses, partly by the prevalent confusion between ai dg retry.
dey	Some days later the dey was deported, as well as the greater part of the janissaries.
dharma	The rising sign shows your dharma, or true function, and following your dharma will make your sun sign quite happy indeed.
dhow	Dhow dinner cruise Dubai Creek is a historical waterway that has provided the lifeblood of Dubai's vibrant city.
dhoti	The dhoti is a simple piece of cloth (cotton), generally white.
diabolic	In the old days they made you look diabolic.
diabase	Here prevailing granite and diabase give rise to a complicated mountain system through which the rivers cleave their way in a curved and irregular course.
diabolically	I've heard that some former ambulance chasers have gotten diabolically smart.
diabolical	In other words, they regarded Zeus, Aphrodite and the rest as real persons, diabolical not divine.
diabolo	This is dahlia ' Diabolo ', a fiery red dahlia that flowers from July onwards.
diachronic	The motif is no longer diachronic; in Quadrant II time is frozen and the motif becomes vertical, going downwards.
diabetic	For a lot of my diabetic patients I tell them to look at the ingredients ESP the sugar.
diacritical	The introduction of additional diacritical marks, such as - and used to express quantity, and the diaeresis, as in ai, to express consecutive vowels, which are to be pronounced separately, may prove of service, as also such letters as a, o and ii, to be pronounced as in German, and in lieu of the French ai, eu or u.
diabetes	Combined with opium it is an efficient remedy in diabetes insipidus.
diacritic	The broad lower end of the symbol is rather an accidental pit in the stone than an attempt at a diacritic mark - the word is regei, in all probability the early dative form of rex, king.
diadelphous	The stamens are diadelphous, nine of them being united by their filaments (f), while one of them (e) is free; st, stigma; c, calyx.
diaconal	In southern Italy, probably under Greek influence, and in Milan (where the custom still survives) the diaconal stole was put on over the dalmatic. Similarly in Spain and Gaul, anterior to the Carolingian age, the stole was worn by deacons over the alba or outer tunic.
diagnoses	In the article Lizard attention is drawn to the many characters which make it difficult, if not impossible, to give diagnoses applicable to all lizards and all snakes.
diagnosis	She was better off pulling a random diagnosis out of a hat.
diagnostic	From this, which is alone sufficient for diagnostic purposes, the group is often called the Cavicornia.
diaconate	The traditionary position of the diaconate as one of the three orders is here maintained.
diagram	Indicator diagram corresponding to 1 lb.
diagenesis	Recent studies have focused on wireline interpretation and early diagenesis in hydrocarbon reservoirs from the Middle East, particularly Cretaceous ramp systems.
diadem	Both are on horseback; the god is giving the diadem to the king.
diagrammatic	By photography and diagrammatic records the clinical work of hospital wards has been brought into some better definition, and teaching made more accurate and more impressive.
diagrammatically	This rod is supported at 4 and 4 of its length where it enters the two dust-tubes, as represented diagrammatically in fig.
diagnosable	Abscesses are both easily diagnosable and easily treatable by a medical professional, but you should act quickly before the infection gets worse.
dialectal	Hood is a very usual dialectal form of wood; and in his play Edward the First, George Peele actually alludes to the bandit as Robin of the Wood.
diagonally	The province is traversed diagonally from N.E.
diagonal	Two blocks away, the patrol car struck a van backing out from its diagonal parking space in front of the toy store.
dialectical	This knowledge, however, is by no means positivistic or empirical, but on the contrary it is dialectical and a priori synthetic, brought about by the spiritual categories; and from it there constantly arise new problems, an ever new position of the fundamental categories.
dialectics	But these dialectics, creditable to both parties, had little effect upon the general situation.
dialectology	Professor Paul Kerswill Professor Paul Kerswill is a sociolinguist specializing in social dialectology, with a focus on dialect leveling.
dialectic	To Bernard of Clairvaux and many other churchmen the application of dialectic to the things of faith appears as dangerous as it is impious.
dialectician	His vast learning was the result of a powerful memory and unwearied industry, and he lacked the creative imagination necessary to mould this material into new forms. He was a powerful debater, but his victories were those of a dialectician rather than a convincing reasoner, and in him depth of insight and conviction were ill replaced by the controversial violence characteristic of the age.
dialect	There is dialect variation across the UK.
diagnose	Information and statements including those regarding dietary supplements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
dialup	Nowadays, BO and other windows backdoor scans, or netbios sweeps are occurring very frequently on most dialup host subnets.
dialysis	Several hydrated forms of the oxide are known, and a colloidal variety may be obtained by the dialysis of a strong hydrochloric acid solution of sodium molybdate.
dial	The receiver clicked and the dial tone buzzed.
diamagnetism	To account for diamagnetism, Weber supposed that there exist within the molecules of diamagnetic substances certain channels around which an electric current can circulate without any resistance.
dialing	She waited until Moira's footsteps faded before dialing her father.
diamantiferous	Comparatively few of the pipes which have been discovered are at all rich in diamonds, and many are quite barren; some are filled with hard blue which even if diamantiferous may be too expensive to work.
dialog	No doubt the opening of dialog was due to her roommate.
diametrical	Thus he proceeds in all his decorative work, avoiding studiously the exact repetition of any lines and spaces, and all diametrical divisions, or, if these be forced upon him by the shape of the object, exercising the utmost ingenuity to disguise the fact, and train away the eye from observing the weak point, as nature does in like circumstances.
diamagnetic	He also investigated the diamagnetic and paramagnetic properties of substances; and was keenly interested in the phenomena of electrochemical decomposition, accumulating much evidence in favour of Faraday's law and proposing a modified statement of it which was intended to cover certain apparent exceptions.
dialogue	The characters are well drawn and the dialogue full of comic strength, the scenes knit together and the plot skilfully worked out.
diamine	It is obtained by the oxidation of orthophenylene diamine with ferric chloride; when a mixture of para-aminodimethylaniline and meta-toluylenediamine is oxidized in the cold, toluylene blue, an indamine, being formed as an intermediate product and passing into the red when boiled; and also by the oxidation of dimethylparaphenylene diamine with metatoluylene diamine.
diametral	The resultant hydrostatic thrust across any diametral plane of the cylinder will be modified, but the only term in the loss of head which exerts a resultant thrust on the whole cylinder is 2mU sin Olga, and its thrust is 27rpmU absolute units in the direction Cy, to be counteracted by a support at the centre C; the liquid is streaming past r=a with velocity U reversed, and the cylinder is surrounded by a vortex.
diametrically	The reason of this is not far to seek, and has been pointed out by logicians of the most diametrically opposed schools.
diamorphine	If you have severe pain you may be prescribed stronger analgesics such as codeine or diamorphine or a combined painkiller.
diapason	This is about a semitone below the Diapason Normal, and a just minor third lower than the St Jacobi organ in the same city (1688), measured by Herr Schmahl, a' 489.2.
dianthus	The gillyflower of Chaucer and Spenser and Shakespeare was, as in Italy, Dianthus Caryophyllus; that of later writers and of gardeners, Matthiola.
diaphanous	She wore a flowing, diaphanous gown and had long, wavy, bronze colored hair.
diameter	He gives no diameter or wind-pressure.
diaphoretic	Now we can see the reason for their administration, because the nitrous ether, consisting chiefly of ethyl nitrite, dilates the superficial vessels and thus allows greater escape of heat from the surface; while acetate of ammonia, by acting as a diaphoretic and stimulating the secretion of sweat, increases the loss of heat by evaporation.
diana	Authorities dispute as to the origin of the name, some tracing it to Ara Lunae, a temple of Diana having been erected here, while others more plausibly derive it from the Celtic words ar (mount) and lun (wooded).
diaphragmatic	Rarer causes of poor response include the presence of congenital anomalies such as choanal atresia, diaphragmatic hernia or pulmonary hypoplasia.
diaphysis	There were no significant differences in cortical volumetric bone mineral density (vBMD) at the radius or tibia diaphysis between the groups.
diarrhea	A pattern of alternating constipation and diarrhea is also common.
diarist	The Viscount Stafford was one of the five Popish lords committed to the Tower in 1678 as a result of the slanders of Titus Oates and he died by the axe in 1680 upon testimony which, as the diarist Evelyn protested, should not be taken against the life of a dog.
diaphragm	These blocks were fastened to a diaphragm of wood.
diarrheal	And there has been enormous progress in fighting river blindness, guinea worm, diarrheal diseases, and others.
diaper	You'd been together since diaper days.
diaspora	If we resort solely to Judaism for explanation, it must be a Judaism of the Diaspora type.
diastase	The enzyme in plants which breaks down starch is sometimes called diastase.
diamond	A diamond is the hardest, most resilient, most beautiful gem of all.
diastole	The drug is contra-indicated in all cases where the heart is already beating too slowly; in aortic incompetence - where the prolongation of diastole increases the amount of the blood that regurgitates through the incompetent valve; in chronic Bright's disease and in fatty degeneration of the heart - since nothing can cause fat to become contractile.
diathermy	Be prepared to use diathermy at these late stages.
diary	Effie told me about the prostitute whose diary you're reading.
diatom	Diatom ooze is the characteristic deposit in high southern latitudes.
diatomaceous	Diatomaceous earth exists at several places in Yezo.
diatribe	The presidential candidate made a diatribe against the opposing party, causing there to be even more anger between the parties.
diazo	From the primary amines are derived the diazo compounds and azo compounds; closely related are the hydrazines (q.v.).
diatonic	We shall treat only of the diatonic scale, which is the basis of European music, and is approximated to as closely as is consistent with convenience of construction in key-board instruments, such as the piano, where the eight white notes beginning with C and ending with C an octave higher may be taken as representing the scale with C as the key-note.
diatomic	Boltzmann Suggested That A Diatomic Molecule Regarded As A Rigid Dumb Bell Or Figure Of Rotation, Might Have Only Five Effective Degrees Of Freedom, Since The Energy Of Rotation About The Axis Of Symmetry Could Not Be Altered By Collisions Between The Molecules.
diazonium	Hantzsch (Ber., 1901, 34, p. 3337) has shown that in the action of alcohols on diazonium salts an increase in the molecular weight of the alcohol and an accumulation of negative groups in the aromatic nucleus lead to a diminution in the yield of the ether produced and to the production of a secondary reaction, resulting in the formation of a certain amount of an aromatic hydrocarbon.
dib	The Emmy winning series survives as a cult hit on DVD, sparking continued interest in its characters and a market for the likenesses of Zim, GIR, and Dib on everything from action figures to pajamas.
dice	A roll of the dice changed the lives of all of us and hundreds of others forever.
dibasic	Since the free acid would be dibasic, two series of salts exist, namely, the neutral and acid salts.
dibber	Sometimes a little loose earth or sand is put in to the depth of about I in., and the bulbs laid singly thereon, the holes being closed by the dibber and the whole raked over.
dibble	The ground being prepared and, if necessary, enriched, and the surface made fine and smooth, a hole is made with the dibble deep enough and large enough to receive the roots of the seedling plants without doubling them up, and the hole is filled in by working the soil close to the plant with the point of the dibble.
dibs	I was going to sell it, but if you're interested, you can have first dibs on it.
dichasium	The term dichasium has also been applied to this form of cyme.
dicey	It's all looking a bit dicey in the middle east at the moment.
dichloride	Vanadium dichloride, VC12, is a green crystalline solid obtained when the tetrachloride is reduced with hydrogen at a dull red heat.
dichogamy	Thus the anthers and stigmas in any given flower are often mature at different times; this condition, which is known as dichogamy and was first pointed out by Sprengel, may be so well marked that the stigma.
dichotomy	The conference focused on the dichotomy of public and private education.
dichotomous	The track is the lead single from the album and tells the story of Miley Stewart's dichotomous double lifestyle.
dichroism	Transverse Magnetic Circular X-ray dichroism offers a way to access information that was previously barred to other techniques.
dichroic	The purple-blue of cobalt, the chrome green or yellow of chromium, the dichroic canarycolour of uranium and the violet of manganese, are constant.
dichromate	It is then oxidized to anthraquinone by means of sodium dichromate and sulphuric acid in leaden vats, steam heated so that the mixture can be brought to the boil.
dickey	On the 3rd of September 1863 with 1200 men he routed 2000 Sioux near the present town of Ellendale, in Dickey county, in an engagement called the battle of White Stone Hills.
dickensian	A Dickensian back alley of whitewashed brick with a series of flyers hung at its entrance.
dickens	That would be a dickens to solve.
dicotyledon	The doubt as to the exact British equivalent of the Valenginian strata of Portugal, which yield the earliest Dicotyledon, has already been alluded to.
diclinous	Xenogamy is of course the only possible method in diclinous plants; it is also the usual method in monoclinous plants, owing to the fact that stamens and carpels often mature at different times (dichogamy), the plants being proterandrous or proterogynous.
dictation	He does not find it true to experience that man necessarily acts at the dictation of selfish motives.
dicotyledonous	In dicotyledonous plants the first leaves produced (the cotyledons) are opposite.
dictating	Dictating it had certainly had that effect on him.
dictate	Would you listen to a ruler if they made an unjust dictate?
dicta	Crispi was prepared to cultivate good relations with France, but refused to yield to pressure or to submit to dicta - tion; and in this attitude he was firmly supported by the bulk of his fellow-countrymen.
dictionary	At this point you may consult a dictionary to check spelling or usage.
dictatorship	This dictatorship of Rosas continued until 1852.
dictator	The dictator was nominated by one of the consuls.
dictatorial	Arabi, after a brief fall from office, acquired a dictatorial power that alarmed the British government.
dictyostele	In this use the term loses, of course, its morphoI logical value, and it is better to call such a segment of a broken-up I stele a meristele, the whole solenostele with overlapping leaf-gaps being called a dictyostele.
didactic	James was a very didactic person; he really loved teaching.
dictum	His favourite dictum in politics was, Why not leave it alone ?
diction	His perfect diction never failed to be commented on.
die	I should die of happiness!
didgeridoo	A didgeridoo is a type of musical instrument.
dido	The most considered poets of the day joined the Arcadia and Lyric individually wrote much excellent verse, but they Latin authors were the models they chose, and Gargao, the most prominent Arcadian, composed the Cantata de Dido, a gem of ancient art, as well as some charming sonnets to friends and elegant odes and epistles.
didactics	The final paper will give concrete hints for gender sensitive media didactics.
diesel	The price of the diesel automobile can be an issue to buyers.
didymium	In 1879, however, Lecoq de Boisbaudran showed that Mosander's didymium, contained samarium; while the residual didymium after removal of samarium, was split by Auer v.
diet	Diet looked like the best choice.
dieback	Drought is also thought to be a factor causing dieback in hedgerow trees, which are not included in the UK crown density survey.
dietetics	For the physiology of fasting, see Dietetics; Nutrition; also Corpulence.
dietician	Perhaps try seeing a nutritionist or a dietician to get some advice?
dif	Even for human beings some documents are inherently dif cult to summarize.
dielectric	For constant charges and distances the mechanical force is inversely as the dielectric constant.
different	There's nothing wrong with having a different opinion.
dietetic	Moral or dietetic remedies were more often prescribed than drugs.
dietitian	You can contact a dietitian through your local hospital or GP surgery.
differentia	Pleasure in itself is unqualified, and affords no differentia.
differentiation	The process is essentially a polar linear action, or differentiation from a common centre.
differentiate	Staining reagents can also be used to differentiate lignified cell-walls.
difficile	Healthy people are at very little risk of catching Clostridium difficile.
difficulty	She kept her mouth closed this time with some difficulty and looked away.
diffidence	This recording has Pollard playing the bebop heavyweight against Scott's glacial diffidence.
differential	This arrangement can be duplexed in the way already explained, by providing differential relays and arranging for the outgoing currents to divide differentially through the two relays at each end.
dietary	On his return his health was rather worse; but he would submit to no dietary regime.
difference	He was so tall there was a vast difference in their height.
diffident	Princess Mary seemed even quieter and more diffident than usual.
diffract	Although these do not diffract, initial results confirm that they are solid and derived from protein rather than salt.
dies	He dies by poison soon afterwards.
diffuse	The placenta is diffuse, not cotyledonary.
differently	But he'd treated her so differently than Sasha.
diffraction	From the measured distances of the diffraction bands the width of the slit may be easily deduced.
diffuser	Frizzy hair You must blow dry short curly hair using a diffuser.
diffusely	Though diffusely written, and neither brilliant nor profound, Crusius' philosophical books had a great but shortlived popularity.
diffractive	Photonics Focus dropped into a session where speakers approached diffractive optics from extreme ends of the power spectrum.
diffuseness	He has not only the fault of diffuseness, which is common to so many of the best-known historians of his century, but others as serious or more so.
diffusibility	His early work on the movements of gases led him to examine the spontaneous movements of liquids, and as a result of the experiments he divided bodies into two classes - crystalloids, such as common salt, and colloids, of which gum-arabic is a type - the former having high and the latter low diffusibility.
dig	You can dig it out.
diffusible	The salts of sodium resemble potassium in their action on the alimentary tract, but they are much more slowly absorbed, and much less diffusible; therefore considerable amounts may reach the small intestine and there act as saline purgatives.
differ	The habits and capacities of these two differ, owing to surroundings, irrespectively of tribe.
diffused	Wherever Wesley went, he diffused a portion of his own felicity.
digamma	But the Phoenician form corresponding to it is the consonant w, and occupies the of position of the Greek digamma as sixth in the series.
difficult	This might be the most difficult decision she would ever make.
diffusion	Planck 2 enables us to calculate the diffusion constant of dissolved electrolytes.
digestibility	Meal mixed with pulped roots for a few hours improves in digestibility, and a sprinkling of salt is an improvement.
digestible	Concentrated and digestible foods give best results, a pig has a small stomach.
digester	Soil erosion Soil erosion is reduced where digested sludge from farm slurry digested sludge from farm slurry digester schemes provides a good fertilizer.
digger	The digger cometh... Pressed straight into service, loading the ballast hopper.
digest	She might need time to digest things.
diggings	Both these were found; in the river diggings.
digging	Yates is digging in garden.
digestion	The part of the pancreas in digestion also is better understood.
digit	Pulling out the letter, she looked at the ten digit key code.
digitalin	The treatment is to empty the stomach by tube or by a non-depressant emetic. The physiological antidotes are atropine and digitalin or strophanthin, which should be injected subcutaneously in maximal doses.
digitate	Tracing the widening female duct onwards we now come to the openings of the digitate accessory glands d, d, which probably assist in the formation of the egg-capsule.
digitalis	To preserve the colour of flowers pledgets of cotton wool, which prevent bruising, should be introduced between them, as also, if the stamens are thick and succulent, as in Digitalis, between these and the corolla.
digestive	They are metamerically placed, and belong to the same metamere as the digestive caeca, thus alternating with the generative sacs.
dignify	She wasn't going to dignify that question with an answer.
digraph	A10 Question 10 asked which words from the wordbank contained a consonant digraph.
digitize	The logo needs to be sent to us in digital format via email, or it can be scanned and faxed so we can digitize it into a stitch design.
digress	He let the conversation digress into endless discussions about character.
dignitary	The highest county dignitary is the lord-lieutenant, the office dating from 1782.
digression	In other cases, it is more difficult to pinpoint what is affecting a child's behavior or learning digression.
digressive	At the same time it wants unity and coherence, it attains no conclusion, and the author abuses his digressive method of composition and his convenient fiction of hiatuses in the original manuscript.
dignified	Leo was dignified in appearance and elegant in speech, manners and writing.
diktat	It took no initiative, no grand scheme, no ministerial diktat.
digs	A full-grown larva digs a pit about 2 in.
dilapidated	A fire was made up in the dilapidated brick stove.
dike	The height of the dike ranges to 40 in.
dignity	What she had left of her dignity depended upon it.
dilate	If the pupils dilate, the cat may be getting ready to attack.
dilapidation	Landlords failed to enforce repair clauses, causing a general dilapidation.
dilating	Their figure is not graceful, and, owing to their habit of dilating the lips by betelchewing, the adults of both sexes are often repulsive in appearance.
dilatoriness	Athens had the prize within her grasp, and she lost it wholly through the persistent dilatoriness and blundering of Nicias (q.v.).
digital	The only non-business items were a digital clock and two framed pictures.
dilemma	He made an attempt to resolve the long-standing dilemma.
dilatation	Each is a tube dilated at or towards the base and containing a mouth at its extremity, leading into a stomach placed in the dilatation.
dilation	Since children are capable of over focusing, dilation can help the eye care practitioner determine a child's true prescription because the drugs used to dilate also impair this tendency to over focus.
dilated	The pupil is always dilated and insensitive to light.
dilatory	The proceedings were dilatory, and the attitude of the Dutch deputies exceedingly exasperating.
diligence	There were many diligence assignments.
dilator	The iris contains a sphincter and a dilator muscle; the former, supplied by branches from the oculomotorius nerve, is under control of the will, whilst the dilator fibres belong to the sympathetic system.
dilettanti	A genuine example of it is at present worth many times its weight in gold to Japanese dilettanti, though in foreign eyes it is little more than interesting.
diligently	Greek models were diligently studied by Virgil and Horace.
dilettantism	The higher results of artistic training, however, are less marked than a widespread dilettantism.
dilettante	His ambitions were high, but he became a dilettante.
diluent	The function of the sand is simply that of a diluent to prevent undue shrinkage and cracking in drying.
diligent	He was diligent in the matter of temperature control.
dim	He saw her blush in the dim starlight.
dimension	He can't kill you in that dimension, he assured her.
diluvial	The effect of this industry, however, is to lay bare a subsoil of diluvial sand which offers little inducement for subsequent cultivation.
diluvium	The bottom is in many parts the diluvium of lakes drained by the rivers.
dill	The best known of these are cloves, pimento (allspice), myrtle, eucalyptus, caraway, fennel, dill, coriander, rosemary, lavender, peppermint, spearmint, nutmeg, cinnamon, sandal-wood, turpentine, juniper berries, valerian and sumbul.
dime	You'll never get a dime out of her.
dimensional	A brief reference must suffice to the theory of three dimensional frames.
dilution	It occasionally happens that a change in dilution affects the chemical action that occurs.
dimer	In each case, the dimer bond length is increased somewhat compared to the clean dimer bond length is increased somewhat compared to the clean dimer (2.37 Ã… ).
diminished	Giving birth had no way diminished her beauty.
dilute	Please dilute the apple juice before giving it to the baby.
dimethyl	Pyrogallol dimethyl ether is found in beechwood tar.
dimly	Now this same room was dimly lighted by two candles.
diminutive	In other words, don't let the diminutive size deceive you.
diminish	Hence Spencer concludes that the sense of duty is transitory and must diminish as moralization increases.
dimorphism	Mercuric iodide also exhibits dimorphism.
dimmer	The landscape became dimmer, and then she realized she was falling.
dimorphous	The heptahydrate, Na2C03.7H20, is obtained by crystallizing a warm saturated solution in a vacuum; it appears to be dimorphous.
diminishing	The numbers of the native Australians are steadily diminishing.
dimness	He rubbed his eyes against the dimness and caught sight of a skid mark.
dinar	Serbia still has the dinar, but Montenegro has the euro.
dimorphic	There are even dimorphic forms among the Syllids where the sexes are, as in many Polychaets, separate.
dimwit	He is total dimwit and acts like a 5yr old, so goodness knows how he ever got voted as the most intelligent HM?
diminution	The diminution was due to a smaller exportation of raw silk and oil.
dimple	The dimple appeared below twinkling eyes.
dine	I didn't realize I was supposed to dine with you.
ding	A text made her phone ding as she finished eating.
dinghy	Next morning, a rubber dinghy is spotted floating in a nearby lake.
diner	The diner closes at ten.
dingbats	Use font dingbats or the shape drawing tools to create a pleasing design on a 2x2 canvas.
dinette	A bench style dinette set was the only furniture in the house.
din	The space inside the wagons was a din of screaming mules and men.
dingo	The dingo was, however, almost certainly brought from Asia by the ancestors of the modern natives; while the Papuan pig is also in all probability a human introduction, very likely of much later date.
dinky	The Everio is neither chunky nor fragile, but this dinky new crossbreed is a tad too Shetland pony.
dingy	He wore a flat gray cloth cap, a dingy wool-colored greatcoat, and cowhide boots.
dinornis	Dinornis, numerous species, recently extinct, New Zealand.
dingle	I Silurian (and Cambrian?) Dalradian Metamorphic Series .Diorite and allied Basic Rocks '?-t =i=' Granite and allied Acid Rocks montory the conglomerates of this period rest with striking unconformity on the Dingle Beds and Upper Silurian series.
dint	This is happening by sheer dint of circumstance today.
dinosaurian	The imprints in the enormously older new red sandstone or Lower Trias of Connecticut, and originally named Ornithichnites, belong to Dinosaurian Reptiles.
dinosaur	The word dinosaur actually means terrible lizard.
dionysian	Erigena teaches the restitution of all things under the form of the Dionysian adunatio or deificatio.
diode	A light emitting diode, or LED, first hit the lighting scene back in the 1920s.
dioecious	Care should be taken in collecting charae to secure, in the case of dioecious species, specimens of both forms, and also to get when possible the roots of those species on which the small granular starchy bodies or gemmae are found, as in C. fragifera.
dinner	Dinner will be ready at six O'clock.
dionysiac	This he diminished by increasing the splendour of the Panathenaic festival every fourth year and the Dionysiac 2 rites, and so created a national rather than a local religion.
diopter	In addition, there is no diopter correction to help focus the image for those of us with less than perfect vision.
diocesan	That he in no way slighted diocesan work had been shown at Truro.
dioptric	It is true that the dioptric apparatus was perfected independently by Fresnel, who had also the satisfaction of being the first to put it into operation.
diorama	Create a diorama or other art project about a story you just read.
diocese	Thurstan was generous to the churches of his diocese and was the founder of several religious houses.
dioptrics	The book will contain four essays, all in French, with the general title of Project of a Universal science, capable of raising our nature to its highest perfection; also Dioptrics, Meteors and Geometry, wherein the most curious matters which the author could select as a proof of the universal science which he proposes are explained in such a way that even the unlearned may understand them.'
diorite	Gabbro occurs in the peninsula of Fethland; diorite in Northmavine between Rinas Voe and Mavis Grind; and epidote-syenite in Dunrossness.
diphtheria	The vexed question of the diagnosis of diphtheria is now a thing of the past.
diphenylamine	Moreover, while methylamine, dimethylamine, and trimethylamine increase in basicity corresponding to the introduction of successive methyl groups, phenylamine or aniline, diphenylamine, and triphenylamine are in decreasing order of basicity, the salts of diphenylamine being decomposed by water.
diphthong	It possesses the five vowels a, i, u, e, o, both short and long, and one pure diphthong, au.
dip	You can dip anything in this, she said.
diphtheritic	Diphtheria, long no doubt a plague among mankind, was not carefully described until by Pierre Bretonneau in 1826; and since his time our conception of this disease has been extended by the study of later, secondary and incidental phases of it, such as neuritis, which had always formed part of the diphtheritic series, though the connexion had not been detected.
diplegia	My son is 4 and has spastic diplegia and the muscles in his legs fire off whenever he tries to do anything- even sing!
diploid	Although inactivated-rabies vaccines from diploid cell cultures are safe and effective, they are expensive.
diplomat	As American diplomat Ralph Johnson Bunche aptly observed, There are no warlike people, just warlike leaders.
dioxide	Of these carbon dioxide and water are the most prominent.
diplococcus	Thus pneumonia is now known to he due to the diplococcus pneumoniae, and yet its invasion occurs so frequently after a chill that it is almost impossible not to look upon chill and pneumonia as cause and effect.
diplomate	He became a diplomate of the American College of Veterinary Surgeons in 1999.
diplomatics	Delisle was undoubtedly the most learned man in Europe with regard to the middle ages; and his knowledge of diplomatics, palaeography and printing was profound.
diploma	The diploma was given to her in the privacy of the principle's office.
diplomatically	We also feel that the issue should be solved peacefully and diplomatically.
diplopia	Now that my general health is better, life is good despite having diplopia.
dipper	I take a dipper of wine and add it to the water.
dippy	He had obviously not been listening properly and piped up with, ' I want dippy donuts too ' .
dipole	This is achieved using a specially designed splitter box to feed each dipole antenna with the correct RF signal phase.
diplomatist	Forsaking the priesthood about 1864, he was employed as a diplomatist by the British government in Egypt, Asia Minor, the West Indies, and Bulgaria, being appointed resident minister in Uruguay in 1884; he died at Montevideo on the 30th of September 1888.
diplomacy	You have much to learn about diplomacy, little brother.
diptera	In ordinary language the name is used for any species of Siphonaptera (otherwise known as Aphaniptera), which, though formerly regarded as a suborder of Diptera, are now considered to be a separate order of insects.
dipterous	In animals galls occur mostly on or under the skin of living mammals and birds, and are produced by Acaridea, and by dipterous insects of the genus Oestrus.
dire	His childhood was passed in dire poverty.
directed	Petya directed things in the yard.
direction	She faced the direction from which she'd come.
directional	Two highly directional antennas broadcast beams a few degrees wide.
diptych	His early diptych High Life / Low Life (1829) typifies the contrast between Scotland and England as one of character.
director	You're a vital asset and the director knows it.
directness	His work, which extends from 1591 (1000) to 1659 (Iwo), contrasts strongly with that of the earlier historian, being written with great directness and lucidity, combined with much vigour and picturesqueness.
directorial	Concurrently with these undertakings, he steadily prepared to strengthen his position in the political life of France; and it will be well to notice the steps by which he ensured the defeat of the royalists in France and the propping up of the directorial system in the coup d'etat of Fructidor 1797.
directive	My only directive to our group was a strong suggestion we act unanimously.
directorate	Berthelsdorf, a village about a mile distant, has been the seat of the directorate of the community since about 1789.
directorship	On assuming the directorship of the Nautical Almanac he became very strongly impressed with the diversity existing in the values of the elements and constants of astronomy adopted by different astronomers, and the injurious effect which it exercised on the precision and symmetry of much astronomical work.
directrices	We may observe that the asymptotes intersect this circle in the same points as the directrices.
diplomatic	The diplomatic career now lies open before you.
dirge	The wind blew the entire night, creaking and groaning about the old building in a mournful dirge.
dirigible	He took off from Saint-Cloud and flew by the steel tower in his dirigible.
directrix	The surface formed by revolving the catenary about its directrix is named the alysseide.
dirt	The dirt hit his body with a hollow thud.
directly	The sun was directly overhead.
dirty	Don't talk dirty, Ben.
disabled	I think he disabled the field.
direct	Finally she ducked her head and came to the direct point.
directory	Clearly, then, the Directory was doomed.
dirk	Rissa removed a dirk and slit open her palm, displaying it to him.
disablement	In case of injury, involving incapacity for more than, thirteen weeks (for the earlier period the Krankenkassen provide), the weekly sum payable during complete or permanent incapacity is fixed at the ratio of two-thirds of the earnings during the year preceding the accident, and in case of partial disablement, at such a proportion of the earnings as corresponds to the loss through disablement.
disadvantageous	In the endless-rope systems cars run singly or in short trains, curves are disadvantageous, unless of long radius, speed is relatively slow, and branch roads not so easily operated as with tail-rope.
disable	You could always wait a few weeks or so to see if they disable the security.
disaccharide	Two simple sugars linked together form a disaccharide.
disadvantaged	The incomes of ethnic minorities Some minority groups have prospered in Britain, but others remain severely disadvantaged.
disagree	If we disagree, we do so privately.
disability	This disease causes disability and death.
disaffection	Both by its attitude and by its governmental acts, the papacy of the later 13th century itself contributed to increase the discredit and disaffection from which it suffered.
disaffected	It had been disaffected since the outbreak of the Revolution.
disadvantage	The king of Servia was killed and his army cut to pieces, though the Turks numbered but 40,000 and had all the disadvantage of the position.
disagreeably	Prince Andrew laughed disagreeably, again reminding one of his father.
disappear	He watched the wolf disappear into the tall grass.
disallowance	Legislation is subject to disallowance by the crown, but that power is seldom exercised.
disappearance	Dean explained Atherton's recent disappearance and the strange return of the escrow money.
disagreement	We were in strong disagreement over continuing.
disagreeable	Everything that was evil or disagreeable had been carefully kept out of his sight.
disappointingly	They're convenient, but their cool, watery flavor is disappointingly bland.
disappointment	Disappointment was written in his face.
disappoint	No, Darian, I'm sorry to disappoint you.
disambiguation	Of these Lake Bomoseen in Rutland (disambiguation)|Rutland county and Willoughby Lake in Orleans county are the largest.
disallow	The king is given the power to disallow any law within a year of it having received the assent of the governorgeneral.
disapprove	He knew his father would disapprove of her.
disapprobation	I was assailed by one cry of reproach, disapprobation, and even detestation;.
disarm	Disarm and go home, Dusty!
disarray	The strikes were enough to cause disarray among the men.
disapprovingly	The soldiers shook their heads disapprovingly as they looked at Pierre.
disarmament	On account of an epidemic of murders disarmament had to be enforced in the district.
disarming	His smile was so disarming that she couldn't help smiling back.
disappointing	It would be so disappointing for them.
disarrangement	In printing we get the disarrangement of type which is known as pie.
disapproval	His dark eyes reflected the disapproval in his tone.
disaster	The events which led to this disaster may be briefly told.
disassemble	You further agree that you will not disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer or otherwise modify the Material.
disappointed	I'm disappointed in you.
disavow	He could not disavow his actions, belauded as they were by half the world, and so he had to repudiate truth, goodness, and all humanity.
disassociation	This practice encourages equal trade agreements and a disassociation with West African cocoa production, which is under suspicion for its connection to tribal slavery and terrorism.
disbarment	He'd be walking a thin line facing disbarment if he related any privileged information.
disband	The company has announced that it will disband Activision Publishing's Guitar Hero business unit and discontinue development on its Guitar Hero game for 2011.
disbandment	If that authority falls to nothing,he said, nothing can follow but confusion.The Presbyterians, however, now engaged in a plan for restoring the king under their own control, and by the means of a Scottish army, forced on their policy, and on the 27th of May ordered the immediate disbandment of the army, without any guarantee for the payment of arrears.
disastrously	Thus swiftly and disastrously ended the southern expedition.
disavowal	It accepted the status quo as a working basis, but no amount of pressure could wring from it a disavowal of Trumbic and his colleagues.
disbeliever	A cosmopolitan on principle, and a convinced disbeliever in the ethics of his day, he comes very near to modern empiricism and especially to the modern Hedonist school.
disbelieve	The problem was, she did n't disbelieve in them either.
disbelief	For a moment he stared at her in disbelief — and then his eyes flared with renewed fury.
disburse	In the 13th century a knight with two squires, one groom, and the requisite horses, had to disburse 82 marks of silver for his passage; while for a single pilgrim the rate was rather less than r mark.
disbursement	You can also withdraw your funds by submitting a written disbursement request.
discard	She started the coffee and picked up an empty pop bottle from the counter to discard in the trash.
discern	We must discern between the truth and lies.
discerning	It's nice to meet someone with such a discerning eye.
discernment	His essays, collected under the title Zeiten, Volker and Menschen (Berlin, 1874-1885), show clear discernment, a finely balanced cosmopolitan judgment and grace of style.
discalced	Some of these congregations went in the matter of austerity beyond the original idea of the institute; and so in the 16th century there arose in Spain, Italy and France, Discalced or Barefooted Hermits of St Augustine, who provided in each province one house wherein a strictly eremitical life might be led by such as desired it.
disc	The prisoner stepped into it, the disc soaring away once more.
discernible	Applications have been created so that core purposes are easily discernible and their function obvious.
disastrous	The war proved disastrous for Venice.
disciple	In the case of Lamennais the disciple outstripped the master.
disciplinary	No decisions of a general nature, whether dogmatic or disciplinary, could be made without his consent.
disclaimer	This disclaimer of perfect agreement renders the remaining portion of what he says more valuable.
disciplinarian	In military matters Hadrian was a strict disciplinarian, but his generosity and readiness to share their hardships endeared him to the soldiers.
disclaim	We therefore disclaim all liabilities for any errors in the information here.
disciplined	She took care never to have to deal with a disciplined opponent, except the Swedes, who beat her, but who were very few.
discharge	Feeling better than she had in months, she nagged the doctor to discharge her from the hospital.
disclose	In his last moments he refused under torture to disclose his father's hiding-place.
discography	You are building up quite an impressive discography of material!
discoid	Algae are withdrawn from each of the three series enumerated above and consolidated into an entirely new group. In these algae, the colouring matter is said to be yellowish-green, not strictly green, and contained in numerous small discoid chromatophores which are devoid of pyrenoids.
discolor	It may discolor darker or colored grout.
discoidal	The cercaria is just visible to the naked eye and has an oval or discoidal body and usually a long tail of variable form.
disco	It is limited to Disco Island, and perhaps to a small part of the Noursoak Peninsula, and the neighbouring country, and consists of numerous thin beds of sandstone, shale and coal - the sideritic shale containing immense quantities of leaves, stems, fruit, &c., as well as some insects, and the coal pieces of retinite.
disclosure	In 1863, owing to the disclosure of some of its secrets, the organization took the name of Order of American Knights, and in 1864 this became the Sons of Liberty.
discoloration	Discoloration of the water is often observed at sea, but that is always due.
discipline	The discipline was there before the Reformers.
discomfiture	The first effect of Zeno's teaching was to complete the discomfiture of philosophy.
disconcerting	Nothing could well be more disconcerting than such a revelation as this.
disconcerted	Pierre seemed disconcerted and embarrassed.
disconnection	Unintentional battery drain is avoided through use of automatic Phantom power detection and automatic power shut-off on disconnection of the input signal.
disconnecting	When a plug was inserted in the spring-jack the connexion between the springs was opened, disconnecting the calling-drop from the line.
disconnected	She paused a few second and then disconnected without leaving a message.
discontented	Discontented officers in the army and navy rallied to this idea, and a conspiracy was organized to depose the emperor and declare a republic. On the 14th of November 1889 the palace was quietly surrounded, and on the following morning the emperor and his family were placed on board ship and sent off to Portugal.
disconnect	Now let us disconnect the platinum plates from the battery and join them directly with the galvanometer.
discomfort	Elisabeth's discomfort was evident.
disconsolate	You may turn away when your Savior draws near; you may sit disconsolate when he calls.
discontinuity	These conditions cannot be consistent with sensible convection of the aether near the earth without involving discontinuity in its motion at some intermediate distance, so that we are thrown back on the previous theory.
discontinue	Goldsmith alleged that in the latter year he was offered £ 200,000 by Napoleon to discontinue his attacks.
discontinuation	Proper prenatal care--including the discontinuation of alcohol, recreational drugs, and certain medications--is important to ensure you and your baby remain healthy throughout your pregnancy.
discontinuance	Fitzherbert, in deploring the gradual discontinuance of the practice of marling land, had alluded to the grievance familiar in modern times of tenants who, if they should marl and make their holdings much better, fear lest they should be put out, or make a great fine or else pay more rent.
discordant	The usual cry is harsh and discordant, but many softer notes are employed.
discount	The rate of discount was 3% throughout the whole of the year.
discourage	He had only said that because he was trying to discourage her from prying into his business.
discouraged	I am not discouraged, nor am I afraid.
discordance	There is, therefore, a clear discordance between the Trias and all older strata in Arran.
discontinuous	Modifications of the system have been adopted for bridges with discontinuous spans.
discord	A few years later discord arose among the allies.
discountenance	Brand had been far too sagacious to be led away by this pseudo-nationalist dream, and did his utmost to discountenance the Bond.
discouragement	The succeeding three months brought disaster and discouragement to the Union army.
discourteous	So long as general good feeling subsists between two nations, neither will easily take offence at any discourteous act of the other.
discouraging	No other state has given so vigorous a test of the ordinary American general-property tax, and the results have been as discouraging as elsewhere.
discouragingly	The arrivals, however, have been on the whole discouragingly small, the total for the years 1901-1905 being only 14,000.
discovery	This discovery excited him.
discredit	In the 5th century the name Ionian was already falling into discredit.
discourtesy	This was not the first time the British presidency had shown discourtesy to the parliament.
discourse	Martha said nothing during my discourse, not helping my confidence.
discontent	All this soon provoked discontent among the educated classes.
discreet	I imagine if there are aliens, they've been discreet for a reason.
discrepancy	The discrepancy is attributed to a defect of rigidity in the earth.
discoverable	Its highest function is the contemplation of the divine unity, discoverable under the manifold of objects.
discrepant	Of his death we have two discrepant accounts.
discoverer	Browne, its original discoverer, cannot be restored.
discreditable	The financial situation in Venezuela was for a long time extremely complicated and discreditable, owing to defaults in the payment of public debts, complications arising from the guarantee of interest on railways and other public works, responsibility for damages to private property during civil wars and bad administration.
discriminate	If she was qualified, why should he discriminate against his daughter?
discreetly	She discreetly began to dig through the other messages.
discriminant	This implies the vanishing of the discriminant of the original form.
discretely	Thanks to the Web, it is so easy to discretely shop for a toy.
discretionary	The president of each house has the discretionary power of appointing additional laymen, not exceeding ten in number.
discriminating	Maybe he thought she was discriminating against a man.
discover	I want to discover what I can do.
discriminator	If they have identical discriminator, they may or may not be isomorphic.
discrete	I strolled a discrete distance from her side as we entered the gardens.
discretion	The boss, at his/her discretion, may rotate the crew.
discriminatory	Race, religion and other discriminatory factors do not play a role in the decision process.
discriminative	The work is almost wholly a compilation, and that not of the most discriminative kind, while a peculiar jealousy of Gesner is continuously displayed, though his statements are very constantly quoted - nearly always as those of Ornithologus, his name appearing but few times in the text, and not at all in the list of authors cited.
discuss	They could discuss it privately when they got home.
discursive	In 1878 he dug unsuccessfully in Ithaca, and in the same year and the following resumed work at Hissarlik, and summed up his results in a discursive memoir, Ilios, upon which a sequel, Troja, issued in 1884, after Wilhelm D6rpfeld, associated in 1882, had introduced some archaeological method into the explorations, was a considerable improvement.
disdain	She glared at them both with a cross between disdain and fury.
discus	During the childbearing period of life some of these will be nearing the ripe condition, and if one such be looked at it will be seen to contain one large cell, the ovum, surrounded by a mass of small cells forming the discus proligerus.
disease	Now the disease is eradicated.
disdainful	In fact, he says, It had left me somewhat disdainful of the process.
disdainfully	And sighing disdainfully, he again changed his position.
disembarkation	He was watching the disembarkation of some troops when a shot was fired which narrowly missed him, and killed General Bitencourt, the minister of war.
disembark	Prior to the break-up of the ice, the army could only disembark at Chemulpo, far from the objective, or at Dalny under the very eyes of its defenders.
disembodied	The same difficulty, however, affects the existence of the disembodied human spirit.
discrimination	But some discrimination should be made in detail.
diseased	The only remedy is to cut off and burn the diseased branches.
discussion	Once decided, there would be no discussion or argument.
disentangle	Alex tried to disentangle Destiny, but she held on tight and started to whine.
disengagement	Effective work-related learning experiences can help tackle youth disengagement.
disengage	Train yourself to disengage from the moment and engage in visualization when you sense feelings of panic starting to get the best of you.
disengaged	A crew member disengaged the autopilot after the second turn.
disfavor	The disfavor into which he falls with the rulers of France turns to his advantage.
disequilibrium	We examined linkage disequilibrium between all pairs of biallelic loci, Lewontin's D ' and r2.
disestablishment	Trench could do nothing to prevent the disestablishment of the Irish Church, though he resisted with dignity.
disgrace	You're a disgrace to the profession.
disfigurement	I understand why a person would have cosmetic surgery for some serious disfigurement.
disfigure	The coarse cutting of his cartouches contrasts with the splendid finish of the Middle Kingdom work which they disfigure.
disgorge	He gathered irresistible force and made the foreigners disgorge over a thousand tons of prepared opium.
disfavour	He did his utmost to bring Cleomenes into disfavour at home.
disgruntled	He turned and climbed back down the stairs, obviously disgruntled, but not arguing further.
disfranchisement	After his victory the regent Antipater punished Athens by the loss of her remaining dependencies, the proscription of her chief patriots, and the disfranchisement of 12,000 citizens.
disgraceful	His last public act was a disgraceful one.
dish	Katie washed a dish and rinsed it in silence.
disgracefully	Although they represent a great untapped treasure-trove of history, literature and popular culture, chapbooks have been incomprehensibly and disgracefully ignored.
disgusting	Being pressed up against a smelly armpit is disgusting.
disguise	Arthur looked very uncomfortable but his voice didn't disguise his annoyance.
disgusted	Her stomach grumbled but the thought of a ham sandwich disgusted her.
disheartening	The local debate that followed was rather disheartening to say the least.
disharmony	All their former disharmony and her own jealousy recurred to her mind.
dishearten	The friendly attitude of France towards Italy during the period immediately subsequent to the occupation of Rome seemed to cow and to dishearten the Vatican.
disgust	Kiera took two steps back, shuddering in disgust and fear.
dishonest	You know how stubborn you are about not doing business with dishonest people.
dishevelled	His figure was crooked, his limbs shrunken; his hair hung in dishevelled locks over his haggard countenance.
dishonesty	Deceit is a tactic that requires dishonesty.
dishonourable	There is nothing dishonourable in such an inclination.
dished	My wife looked concerned as she dished out homemade chili and corn bread.
dishonor	They will not dishonor you or me by doing anything without coming to me first.
dishonour	It was particularly offensive to Christians as tending to dishonour the Creator who is set over against the serpent as bad against good.
dishonorable	How dare you say he is dishonorable?
disillusion	But however indubitable that conclusion and the officer's conviction based upon it, Pierre felt it necessary to disillusion him.
dishwater	Since they are relatively unembellished, Tzarina's styles are dishwater safe as well.
disinfect	Disinfect any toys that can be placed into the mouth of a small child.
disinfectant	The faint smell of disinfectant soap was washed away by expensive cologne.
disillusionment	He had fifteen years left to live, years spent in bitter disillusionment in which he felt his life had been a failure.
disinclined	But demands for more lines were constantly arising, and the existing companies, in view of their financial position, were disinclined to undertake their construction.
disinclination	Commodore Chauncey showed a preference for relying on his long guns, and a disinclination to come to close quarters.
disinformation	They have significant resources with which to spread disinformation.
disingenuous	I don't appreciate when you equivocate with me, it seems disingenuous.
disinfection	Smaller quantities are used for disinfection and other purposes.
dishwasher	Neither said anything while Dean began to clear the dishwasher from last evening's meal.
disintegration	In the disintegration of parties the Liberals suffered most.
disincentive	Since war historically has interrupted the flow of consumer goods, and would do so even more in our present interconnected world, preserving our hard-earned possessions provides an additional disincentive to war.
disintegrate	The Others had managed to disintegrate his condo without a hint of damage elsewhere.
disinterestedly	By the approach of skilled pathologists to the clinical wards, a link is forged between practitioners and the men of science who pursue pathology disinterestedly.
disintegrative	The wave of change (nervous impulse) induced in a neuron by advent of a stimulus is after all only a sudden augmentation of an activity continuous within the neuron - a transient accentuation of one (the disintegrative) phase of the metabolism inherent in and inseparable from its life.
disinterested	The social feeling that inspired this disinterested act showed itself in other ways.
disingenuousness	It is not possible to acquit Schelling of a certain disingenuousness in regard to the Hegelian philosophy; and if we claim for him perfect disinterestedness of view we must accuse him of deficient insight.
disinherit	But the act of parliament which embodied it did not formally disinherit the reigning kings son, as the treaty of Troyes had done, but merely ignored his existence.
disinterest	His facade of disinterest infuriated her.
disinterestedness	But, in France at least, these critics were the first to render justice to his learning, his talents and his disinterestedness.
disjunction	Where there has been a union or disjunction and erection of parishes the evidence of the boundaries is the relative statute, order in council, or decree of commission or of court of teinds.
disinvestment	Ministerial support has been crucial in the past in preventing disinvestment.
disjunctive	The two are complementary, and the reinstatement of the disjunctive judgment to the more honourable role in inference has been made by so notable a modern logician as Lotze.
dislike	On the other hand it has been specially recorded of two of the species of spider-destroyers that they have great dislike and apparent fear of these little poisonous Hymenoptera.
disjointed	Fear flew through her as she recalled the disjointed dreams.
dislodge	She jerked at her arms, unable to dislodge them from his grip.
dislocation	They sometimes cause a serious dislocation of railway and other traffic. Their principal cause is the smoke from the general domestic use of coal.
diskette	Click the diskette icon to save your changes.
disloyal	The books he wrote about his father were so disloyal.
dismantle	When they had crossed the field to the spot where Dean's tent was pitched, he began to dismantle it.
dismal	Cultivation does not begin till the limits of this dismal region are passed.
dismay	Cynthia's little shriek of dismay caused Dean to turn.
dismemberment	To him mainly it was due that France was saved from dismemberment, and received a constitution which, to use his own words, united crown and representatives of the people in a sense of common interests.
dismissal	He waved a hand in dismissal and turned away.
dismantlement	No change occurred till 1859, when the system of Belgian defence was radically altered by the dismantlement of seventeen of the twenty-two fortresses constructed under Wellington's supervision in 1815-1818.
dismember	We're trying to build a club, build a team, not dismember it once we get it going.
disloyalty	Humphrey had charged his uncle with disloyalty to the late and present kings.
dismally	The disadvantage of the possession of too strait a conscience in politics was never more dismally illustrated.
disobedience	Terrible examples have taught you how he punishes disobedience and crime.
disobedient	The archbishop replied by excommunicating the disobedient professor.
dismissive	She waved her hand with a dismissive gesture.
disobey	I didn't disobey him.
dismount	You should dismount, he said.
dismiss	She couldn't dismiss the sight of his darkened eye or bloodied lip.
dismissively	He motioned dismissively towards the cell block.
disk	The ovary, of two carpels, is seated on a ring-like disk FIG.
disordered	They were, however, so disordered by their victory that they were compelled to halt and refit.
disorderly	In many regions the rising was purely disorderly and destitute of organization.
disown	The decision to disown a child is never simple.
disorganization	The disorganization of the empire was at hand.
disorientation	This ensures an extremely rapid recovery, with minimal disorientation.
disparate	Avoid disparate, cluttered elements on your walls.
disparage	He made some remarks to disparage the women's game in the past.
disparagement	It would be difficult to draw any comparison between German and Italian humanists to the disparagement of the former.
disorganized	The state was corrupt, disorganized; what was wanted was not more liberty but more discipline.
disparaging	I will answer your questions and give you the information you need to get through this, but if you dare say one more disparaging word about my best friend, this will not end well for you.
disparity	Their life seems an immense disparity between effort and opportunity.
dispatcher	The dispatcher sends police immediately if needed.
dispart	D is the dispart sight, S the tangent sight, A'DS the clearance angle.
dispassionately	English institutions had never before been thus comprehensively and dispassionately surveyed.
dispel	A realization he'd never touch them again didn't dispel the feeling I was prying into his world.
disorder	The tiny bit of disorder helped her relax.
dispensable	Battery life is probably the most dispensable factor as many monitors can both plug-in and function independently by battery.
dispatch	So it was decided to send a dispatch to the staff.
dispassionate	It need not affect the opinion of dispassionate students.
dispensation	Similarly in the Christian dispensation all is in order due.
dispensary	The dispensary soon developed into the New hospital for women, and there she worked for over twenty years.
dispense	History Logic cannot dispense with the light afforded by its history so long as counter-solutions of the same fundamental problems continue to hold the field.
disperse	She coughed softly and waved a hand to disperse the fumes.
dispenser	He was also the dispenser of office, confirmer of hereditary titles and estates and the fountain of justice.
dispersive	On the other hand, while in the older crown and flint glasses the relation between refraction and dispersion had been practically fixed, dispersion and refraction increasing regularly with the density of the glass, in some of the new glasses introduced by Abbe and Schott this relation is altered and a relatively low refractive index is accompanied by a relatively high dispersion, while in others a high refractive index is associated with low dispersive power.
dispirited	Avoiding the drop now looked to be beyond a very dispirited outfit.
dispersal	Their dispersal, therefore, must have been extremely slow and gradual.
displace	Many efforts were made by the Scottish monarchs to displace the Norwegians.
displeasure	Andre pursed his lips in displeasure as Kris reappeared.
dispersion	The dispersion from Arabia is easy to imagine.
displease	For the moment Germany was to hold aloof lest any active initiative on her part should displease the Vatican, of whose help Bismarck stood in need.
displeased	If any part of it displeased him, he was able to cancel it.
disposal	He insisted on leaving the vehicle at my disposal in case I needed it.
displeasing	The book, received with great favour by the people, was displeasing to the authorities.
displacement	This displacement is in no way finished; in fact, it has hardly begun.
dispossess	The nations you will dispossess listen to those who practice sorcery or divination.
disposables	Soft and Gas permeable contact lenses start at £ 49 per pair, with daily disposables at £ 1 per pair.
dispose	He'd have no reason to remove her body and dispose of it somewhere else.
dispossessed	The original Germanic inhabitants of Rugen were dispossessed by Sla y s; and there are still various relics of the long reign of paganism that ensued.
disproof	The Jesuits themselves deny the existence of any such body, and are able to adduce the negative disproof that no provision for it is to be found in their constitutions.
disproportionate	The disproportionate rise in the case of females is probably due to the policy of the industrial arbitration court.
disproportionately	This means that the chainsaw should not be disproportionately large.
disposed	These events disposed both Bonaparte and the British cabinet towards peace.
disprove	In the past, a scientist began with a surmise or hunch and began gathering data to prove or disprove it.
display	It served him right after his display yesterday.
disputable	The evidence on these points is disputable, but now, or not long after, Huntly, Bothwell, Lethington and Argyll signed a band for Darnley's murder.
disproportion	When the baby's head is too large to fit through the pelvis, the condition is called cephalopelvic disproportion (CPD).
disposition	He was a man of strong mind, honourable spirit and affectionate disposition, energetic both in speech and in writing.
disposable	She held up a disposable camera.
disputant	In conversation he was a singularly eager, acute and pertinacious disputant.
disputation	He remained a year in Rome, but the disputation he proposed was never held.
disquiet	The penalty should reflect public disquiet at the unnecessary loss of life.
disqualify	Anyway, being good looking doesn't disqualify him from physical labor.
disquietude	And even now I sometimes feel the same uneasiness and disquietude.
disqualification	Failure to exactly follow directions or answer a single question can result in disqualification.
disquisition	Robertson asserts (Historical Disquisition concerning Ancient India, p. 227) that the Arabs, Turks and Persians have no original name for the compass, it being called by them Bossola, the Italian name, which shows that the thing signified is foreign to them as well as the word.
disquieting	In a few months there were disquieting signs of the growing unpopularity of the king.
disreputable	Parkside was nothing more than an innocent battleground for disreputable elements of our society, at war with one another.
disregard	She turned her back on him in blatant disregard he wasn't likely to misinterpret.
disrepute	To prevent the University being brought into serious disrepute.
disrespect	The only contributions which redeem these hundred years and more from the charge of disrespect to the native muse come from the pen of the Sempills (q.v.).
disrupt	It wasn't like Alex to let anger disrupt his schedule.
disrepair	This canal, having fallen into disrepair, was restored in the 7th century A.D.
disrespectful	Has she been disrespectful of you?
disrespectfully	The Russian muzhik often brings God and the angels into his folk-tales, and does so without the least idea of treating them disrespectfully.
disruptive	Just as Ripley Holden's ' progress ' involved socially disruptive folly.
dissatisfaction	In the Emperor's suite all exchanged rapid looks that expressed dissatisfaction and reproach.
dissatisfied	The Emperor was dissatisfied with him.
disruption	The Disruption left the Church of Scotland in a sadly maimed condition.
dissection	The addition of a careful dissection of a flower greatly increases the value of the specimen.
dispute	I hate to dispute you, but I'm not miserable.
dissect	Human sciences dissect everything to comprehend it, and kill everything to examine it.
dissemble	I will not dissemble the first emotions of joy on the recovery of my freedom, and, perhaps, the establishment of my fame.
disseminate	Their job was to disseminate propaganda and information.
disseminated	It occurs in its matrix, either in or closely associated with fissure veins or disseminated through rock masses.
dissemination	This simple service promoted the secret dissemination of their doctrines.
dissected	Such a structure may be spoken of as a dissected dictyostele.
dissension	As events proved, it was the budget which was to provide a cause of dissension, bringing a new political movement into being, and an issue overriding all the legislative interest of the session.
dissent	There was also a small but determined party that leaned to dissent.
dissenter	He later became a dissenter, throwing over his original intention of going to Oxford University.
disservice	Warburton's manner of dealing with opponents was both insolent and rancorous, but it did him no disservice.
dissimilar	Two more dissimilar pears hardly exist.
dissidence	Closer akin to certain Western forms of dissidence from traditional Catholicism, though of native growth, are the Molokani, so called popularly because they continue to drink milk (moloko) during fasts.
dissentient	And yet dissentient voices are sometimes heard defending war as if it were an end in itself.
dissident	The former soviet dissident was expected to speak of democratic ideals, not disengagement.
dissimilarity	They exhibit a great dissimilarity in paths, motions and colours.
dissenting	The dissenting inhabitants of Samaria are naturally absent from such a festival.
dissipate	His scent made her heart quicken and her drowsiness dissipate.
dissipated	It dissipated into black smoke in his hands.
dissertation	He bequeathed his estates to Cambridge University for the purpose of maintaining two divinity scholars (-C30 a year each) at St John's College, of founding a prize for a dissertation, and of instituting the offices of Christian advocate and of Christian preacher or Hulsean lecturer.
dissipation	The results obtained as to the relation between dissipation and barometric pressure are conflicting.
dissipative	If, however, we recognize the existence of dissipative forces called into play by any motion whatever of the system, the conclusion can be drawn as follows.
dissimilation	Sumerian has a system of vowel harmony strikingly like that seen in all modern agglutinative languages, and it has also vocalic dissimilation similar to that found in modern Finnish and Esthonian.
dissimulation	He says of himself, and justly, that he was incapable of dissimulation xxvi.
dissociated	In June 1863, however, he publicly dissociated himself from the press ordinances which had just been published.
dissociate	Acid dye These molecules are generally sodium salts which dissociate to form the acid dye anion.
dissolute	She married a dissolute and brutal actor of the name of Reddish.
dissonance	This tone may be within dissonance range of one of the primaries.
dissonant	But the interval b bc gives nearly twice as many beats and is not nearly so dissonant.
dissolvable	After reduction or augmentation rhinoplasty, the cuts inside or between your nostrils will be closed up with dissolvable stitches.
dissociative	Dissociative disorders-A group of mental disorders in which dissociation is a prominent symptom.
dissociation	In simple substances like potassium chloride it seems evident that one kind of dissociation only is possible.
dissuade	She said nothing to dissuade him.
dissolve	It will not dissolve in water as gums do, but it is soluble in alcohol, as resin usually is.
distance	She kept her distance from him.
distant	He stopped and gazed off at the distant hills.
dissuasive	The advice of the British envoy was dissuasive in this respect, and therefore distasteful.
distaff	It represented the goddess, standing in the stiff archaic style, holding a spear in her right hand, in her left a distaff and spindle or a shield.
distemper	The kitten will need shots like rabies and distemper.
distastefully	She eyed him distastefully.
distasteful	Kiera grimaced at the distasteful wording.
distaste	By the distaste in his voice, he wasn't happy about it.
distantly	Beating at the door registered distantly in his thoughts.
distend	In these children, feces have become impacted in the child's colon, causing it to distend.
distensible	The mouth is very narrow, and the halves of the under-jaw are not distensible.
distastefulness	But if all the species in question resemble each other the resemblance will be mutually beneficial to them because the association between the two attributes they have in common, namely distastefulness and a particular scheme of colour, will be rapidly established.
distemper	The kitten will need shots like rabies and distemper.
distil	They are feeble bases which distil unchanged.
distich	In the matter of the rhythms, caesuras and elisions which it allows, the metrical treatment is much more severe than that of Catullus, whose elegiacs are comparatively rude and barbarous; but it is not bound hand and foot, like the Ovidian distich, in a formal and conventional system.
distensible	The mouth is very narrow, and the halves of the under-jaw are not distensible.
distend	In these children, feces have become impacted in the child's colon, causing it to distend.
distillate	From the tar distillate, the chrysene can be fractionally precipitated, and the fluoranthene can be separated from most of the pyrene by fractional distillation in a partial vacuum.
distillation	They may be prepared by the dry distillation of the ammonium salts.
distension	It is likely to produce a small excess of flatulence and possibly gastric distension.
distiller	It appears to the author, however, that where such methods are employed merely with a view to overcoming a specific malady and there is no intention of increasing the quantity of the wine for purposes of gain, or of giving it a fictitious appearance of quality, these operations are perfectly justifiable and may be compared to the modifications of procedure which are forced upon the brewer or distiller who has to deal with somewhat abnormal raw material.
distichous	The twigs are densely clothed with flat spreading linear leaves of a fine glossy green above and glaucous beneath; in the old trees they become shorter and more rigid and partly lose their distichous habit.
distinction	The distinction left her feeling torn.
distinguish	She couldn't distinguish whether it was male or female.
distinguished	He's a Spanish gentleman, very distinguished looking.
distinctness	This method has the advantage of distinctness, and so is writer less trying to the eyes of the operators.
distort	The bard will exaggerate or distort his story.
distillery	Our studio is located in a wonderful, old Rum Distillery in Boston that houses loads of artisans and crafts people with whom he sometimes partners for different projects.
distinctively	The Medical School may be considered the only distinctively professional school in the city.
distinguishable	The two living species are distinguishable at a glance.
distortion	In poisonous doses it causes loss of speech, distortion and paralysis.
distract	Just sit back and don't distract me.
distracted	Chili pepper lights distracted her.
distractedly	He looked about distractedly and screwed up his eyes as if dazzled by the sun.
distinctive	In these works his distinctive qualities were already revealed.
distraction	Food was more a distraction than a desire.
distinct	Fireworks are a distinct possibility.
distress	Her distress was rising with their tension.
distressing	It must be distressing, trying to make logical plans about your future.
distraint	An unwarranted seizure for debt was fined, as was the distraint of a working ox.
distinctly	I remember distinctly when she first attempted to read a little story.
distribute	With information, we will distribute better.
distributed	The cotton industry is distributed in three principal groups.
distressful	The distressful island of Ireland was at this moment enjoying the anarchy which had reigned therein since the dawn of history.
distribution	The whole distribution system broke down.
distressed	I am just a bit distressed, Father.
distributive	A distributive quasigroup is a quasigroup that is both left and right distributive.
distributing	The city is a distributing point for the neighbouring mining region.
disturb	I didn't mean to disturb you.
distrustful	I realize in these pages I must seem very distrustful of government, but it is not really true.
distributor	In the raised position a negative battery is connected to the distributor and in the depressed position a positive battery.
disunity	The Islamic ruling class was paralyzed by political disunity and military weakness.
distrust	He hasn't given us any reason to distrust him.
disunion	The succeeding years of disunion and misrule under the Danes explain the belated affection with which his countrymen came to regard him.
distraught	Jenn's distraught features gazed up at him, and he felt bad again for causing her any sort of pain.
disturbed	The meeting with Claudia had disturbed him.
ditch	Would he ditch her and run off with the other woman?
district	I went to the diamond district in New York.
dithering	This model has an added boon of side bars and a floor - so no dithering while your toddler drags his feet - literally!
disturbance	This is just a domestic disturbance.
dither	Excuse me for staring, but aren't you the young lady that had Ashley in a dither?
ditto	Brian, well done on your report. And ditto to you too, Zoe.
ditty	As part of the ensemble cast on Saturday Night Live, Sandler debuted his original ditty called The Hanukah Song, which showcased a long list of celebrities who are Jewish.
dithyramb	He flourished about 625 B.C. Several of the ancients ascribe to him the invention of the dithyramb and of dithyrambic poetry; it is probable, however, that his real service was confined to the organization of that verse, and the conversion of it from a mere drunken song, used in the Dionysiac revels, to a measured antistrophic hymn, sung by a trained body of performers.
dithyrambic	The dithyrambic poet Philoxenus, by birth of Cythera, won his fame in Sicily, and other authors of lost poems are mentioned in various Siceliot cities.
diurnal	Take a base attached to the centre of the earth, but without this diurnal rotation.
disuse	Motives drawn from homoeopathic magic may thus explain the occasional disuse and prohibition of pictorial and plastic Xiv.
diuresis	The powerful resinous odor of the newly-cut wood was said to cause troublesome diuresis in saw mill workers (Sargent 1896 ).
ditching	She shuddered, afraid to face him after ditching him as she had before.
disused	This line, now disused, had itself superseded the overland route organized by Lieut.
dive	It poised for a moment and then took a dive off the cliff.
diuretic	Soda tartarate is purgative and diuretic, as is the citro-tartarate.
diverge	The leaves of the electroscope will diverge with positive electricity.
divan	The divan accompanied the sultan on military expeditions.
diverse	Very diverse communities are groups under this class.
divalent	In many cases it may be connected with basic oxygen, and the salt formation is assumed to involve the passage of divalent into tetravalent oxygen.
div	The most striking difference between Zoroaster's doctrine of God and the old religion of India lies in this, that while in the Avesta the evil spirits are called daeva (Modern Persian div), the Aryans of India, in common with the Italians, Celts and Letts, gave the name of deva to their good spirits, the spirits of light.
diver	He is a proficient pearl diver.
diversification	The period since the Civil War has been marked by a diversification of industries.
diversify	To diversify properly and mingle well together the reds, whites, purples, yellows and blues, with all their intervening shades, requires considerable taste and powers of combination; and ascertained failures may be rectified at the proper time the next season.
divergent	The religious types also are strongly divergent.
diversity	We are trying to create diversity in the workplace.
diva	From fashion diva to doctor, there is a Barbie for every little girl's dream.
diversified	The surface is diversified by vales, meadows, sand-dunes and tidal marshes.
divers	They have great abundance of silk, from which they weave cloths of silk, and gold of divers kinds, and they also manufacture all sorts of equipments for an army.
divert	The only effect of these reverses was to divert them elsewhere.
diversion	The diversion was helping her get her emotions under control.
diverticular	Possible causes of an abscess would include appendicitis, Crohn's disease, diverticular disease of the caecum, renal infection,?
divergence	In some passages, however, the divergence is on a larger scale.
divertissement	The third divertissement is the most restrained piece on this recording.
dives	Again, the contrast between Lazarus and Dives in the future state pictures vividly the reversals that are in store; but it is unreasonable to take it as implying that every poor man, whatever his moral character, will be blessed.
diverticulosis	Jejunal diverticulosis occasionally presents as an emergency with perforation, obstruction or gastrointestinal hemorrhage.
diverting	For younger children, diverting their attention might do the trick.
dividend	In addition to the dividend 5% was allowed for commission, office expenses and risk.
divest	In considering the force of instinct in animals he was obliged to divest will of reason.
diverticulum	The fore limbs grow simultaneously, and even more rapidly, but remain concealed within a diverticulum of the branchial chambers until fully formed, when they burst through the skin (unless the left spiraculum be utilized for the egress of the corresponding limb).
divestment	He negotiated the divestment of several of these, including agrochemicals and fine chemicals.
divi	This side of his preparation was finished by a close study of Scripture, the results of which are contained in his commentaries, In omnes Epistolas Divi Apostoli Expositio, his Super Isaiam et Jeremiam, and his In Psalmos.
diviner	Prophesy and traditional divination Many of our respondents acknowledged the similarities between the prophet and the traditional diviner.
dividers	All the bags have adjustable & removable padded internal dividers.
divider	Alternate the direction of the hinges so that you can fold the room divider easily.
divination	That they were employed in divination is consonant with the facts already noted.
divinely	And Swedenborg is the divinely commissioned expounder of this threefold sense of the word, and so the founder of the New Church, the paraclete of the last dispensation.
diving	Raleigh offers opportunities for golfing, canoeing, boating, scuba diving, swimming, hiking, mountain biking and rock climbing.
divide	These lessees are usually speculators, who divide and sub-let the estate.
divisible	This is divisible into the districts of Samaria and Judaea.
divisibility	Thus the direction of true scientific progress was for many ages towards the recognition of the infinite divisibility of space and time.
divided	We divided up the buildings into small apartments.
divisor	Then 3 does not divide n; each prime divisor of n divides m.
divisive	Here are some websites devoted to this divisive subject.
divine	Sofi had told him when he dumped her in the divine world.
divisional	There are also army corps and divisional chaplains of both faiths.
divorcee	Once the divorcee comes to terms with what happened and heals from the trauma of infidelity, usually their end up feelings happier and more confident.
division	As each division corresponds to 3 sec.
divinity	Bellamy's system of divinity was in general similar to that of Edwards.
divulge	It was as if she was being forced to divulge what she wanted to tell but had promised not to.
divvy	His back was aching by the time he hauled the last chest to the patio behind the inn where the raiders could divvy the spoils.
dixieland	Dixieland jazz, and let the music take you away.
dizziness	Another wave of dizziness washed over her.
dizzy	She sat back, dizzy with effort.
diy	There are many many sites dedicated to DIY conveyancing.
divorce	The next day he urged upon the House the divorce of the queen.
divorced	Moreover, the land was purified when it became divorced from the practices of a luxurious court and lost many of its worst inhabitants.
dizygotic	Identical twins are also called monozygotic, and non-identical, dizygotic or fraternal.
do	Do you like fish?
dixie	He succeeded Creighton as Dixie professor of ecclesiastical history at Cambridge (1891) and in 1903 gave the Gifford lectures at Edinburgh.
doable	Is walking to school doable in the long term?
dm	In for a shock insurance dm include the mini to efficient delivery of services.
dma	The DMA is the largest defense trade association in the UK, specializing in defense and public security business.
dock	I can take you to the dock on the other side.
docile	The women he remembered were docile and silent.
docility	His docility rather than his capacity marked him out to succeed Alva.
docent	Gladys had taken over as docent of the domain.
dj	Looking over to the DJ booth this is confirmed as ET punches the air and dances manically to the tunes he selects.
docket	You should receive proof of purchase in the form of either a delivery docket or receipt from each of the Shops you purchase from.
docker	On Sunday the wheelchair curlers play Switzerland and Denmark, while Russell Docker and Sean Rose compete in the men's Downhill competition.
doctor	The doctor called today to see if my condition had improved with the medication.
doc	Doc, I'll come in tomorrow.
docking	This rechargeable battery may not recharge on camera docking stations.
dockside	From the dockside, it is possible sometimes to see icebreakers, preparing for or having just returned from the Antarctic Ocean.
dockyard	The dockyard was altered and improved by Charles I.
doctrine	Stahl founded his doctrine of phlogiston.
doctorate	He now completed his studies, taking his doctorate in 1872.
doctoral	As a post-doctoral research fellow, she is currently working on a number of publications based on her doctoral research.
dna	You get the DNA from the bodies?
document	Their government gave this document publicity.
doctrinaire	The word doctrinaire has become naturalized in English terminology, as applied, in a slightly contemptuous sense, to a theorist, as distinguished from a practical man of affairs.
dodder	The dodder is a genus (Cuscuta) of leafless parasites with slender thread-like twining stems. The flowers stand singly in the leaf-axils or form few or many flowered cymose inflorescences; the flowers are sometimes crowded into small heads.
documental	To restore a text from the documental evidence available we must know and weigh the causes which tend to vitiate this evidence in its various kinds.
documentary	There is documentary evidence of a castle at Nantwich in the 13th century.
documentation	No documentation to current day activity was listed.
doctrinal	The author's intelligence and acuteness are more completely hampered by doctrinal presuppositions when he comes to treat questions relating to the history of the individual books of the New Testament canon.
dodger	He was also the artful dodger in the film version of Twist.
dodecahedron	The truncated dodecahedron is formed by truncating the vertices of a dodecahedron parallel to the faces of the coaxial icosahedron so as to leave the former decagons.
dodo	We know the dodo is extinct, but w. ... .
dodgy	The house in Cedar Lawn Avenue looked a bit dodgy.
does	He does not like to do anything else.
dodgems	Paid attractions include dodgems, Mr Bounce and face painting.
doer	He was a great thinker and a great doer, and with Washington he helped to make our country free.
doe	He nodded at the doe, sobering.
dodge	His fist was aimed at her stomach, but she managed to dodge and catch it on her rib cage.
dogfight	Seems to be lots of level building left to do... Second we have dogfight.
doggedly	Thomas doggedly refused to obey his mother's command.
dogged	The late stages of the game were dogged by controversy.
dogfish	Make sure you take along some frozen fish bait, just in case the dogfish are feeding.
dogger	The Dogger Bank lies in the North Sea about 100 km (60 miles) off England's northeast coast.
doggie	Petsnap.com offers dog beds, couch covers, dog sofas, nuzzle nests, and doggie hotels for traveling.
doggerel	Thanks to his father's excellent advice, he gave up writing doggerel verse (much of which had been printed by his brother and sold on the streets) and turned to prose composition.
dogma	In place of dogma, the elements of religion were alone to be taught.
dogleg	Go straight across crossroads (slight dogleg) into Priory Lane.
doggy	I wasn't a hundred percent truthful when we first met in the park—at the doggy parade.
doge	The first step towards curtailing the power of the doge was taken in 1032, when the family of the Orseoli was finally expelled from Venice and the doge Domenico Flabianico was called to the throne.
dogmata	Doubts about transubstantiation made him uneasy; some of Luther's tracts fell in his way, and he was comforted by Luther's dictum that salvation does not depend on human dogmata.
dogmatize	But upon the ethnological relations either of the south Palestinian coast or of the Delta it would be unsafe to dogmatize.
dogmatism	It seems as if one foot rested on dogmatism and one on scepticism.
dog	Does a dog have ears?
doh	Well the script formated everything nice, only its killed off the header footer, doh!
dogmatics	In bringing together the conflicting opinions of the fathers on all the chief points of Christian dogmatics, it may be admitted that Abelard's aim was simply to make these contradictions the starting point of an inquiry which should determine in each case the true position and via media of Christian theology.
dogmatic	Catholic in spirit rather than dogmatic, John ranks himself at times among the Academics, since, in those things about which a wise man may doubt, I depart not from their footsteps.
dogwood	Among indigenous fruit-bearing trees, shrubs and vines the state has the bird cherry, black cherry, blueberry, cranberry, raspberry, blackberry, gooseberry, strawberry, grape and black currant; and conspicuous among a very great variety of shrubs and flowering plants are the rose, dogwood, laurel, sumac, holly, winterberry, trilliums, anemones, arbutuses, violets, azaleas, eglantine, clematis, blue gentians, orange lilies, orchids, asters and golden rod.
doldrums	They'd made it through the blahs of winter and the doldrums of spring, managing to satisfy most, if not all, of the bill collectors.
dojo	It is proper to bow when entering and leaving the dojo, and when coming onto and leaving the mat.
doit	When they will not give a doit to relieve a lame beggar, they will lay out ten to see a dead Indian.
dole	Nutrition activities from Dole are used to identify familiar foods.
doily	To sum up, this report has more holes than a paper doily.
dolce	Dolce & Gabbana love flirty, occasionally garish, animal prints; and this profound love for Serengeti-inspired luxury has manifested itself brilliantly in their handbags.
dogsled	At the end of the dogsled adventure, you'll head back to the helicopter.
dolerite	These are modified forms of basic rocks such as basalt, dolerite and diabase.
doleful	In wealthy households ceremonial mourners would be hired to look suitably doleful.
dolichocephalic	The so-called Celtic type, exemplified by individuals of rather less than average height, brown-haired and brachycephalic, is the fundamental element in the nation and peoples the region between the Seine and the Garonne; in southern France a different type, dolichocephalic, short and with black hair and eyes, predominates.
dollop	Also, potato soup can be garnished with a dollop of sour cream, shredded cheese, parsley, or croutons--the choice is yours.
dolman	Depending on the wedding's formality, another alternative to the jacket is to slip on an elegant dolman sleeve cardigan.
dolomite	They include gypsum, dolomite, conglomerates, phyllites, and a basic series of eruptive rocks (gabbros, peridotites, serpentines).
dolly	In November 1856 he married Adele Cutts, a Maryland belle, a grandniece of Dolly Madison, and a Roman Catholic, who became the leader of Washington society, especially in the winter of 1857-1858, when Douglas was in revolt against Buchanan.
dolomitic	Its mountains, which belong to the Adriatic watershed, and form a continuation of the Montenegrin highlands, are less rounded and more dolomitic in character.
dolphin	The sea mammals include the common dolphin (Delphinus delphis).
doing	They should be doing an ultrasound in a couple of weeks.
dolmen	Within the larger circle were two smaller ones, placed not in the axis of the great one but on its north-eastern side, each of which consisted of a double concentric ring of stones; the centre being in one case a menhir or pillar, in the other a dolmen or tablestone resting on two uprights.
dolorous	Everything was gray and white in a cold and dolorous sort of shepherd's plaid.
doll	There was a little girl of about six or seven playing with a doll on the floor.
domesticate	All attempts to domesticate it have failed.
domestication	Size and form have also been modified by domestication, the wild canary being not more than in.
domesticity	But what's astonishing is still the quiet domesticity of the story and its telling.
domestically	Most of the propane used in the United States is produced domestically, therefore using propane as an alternative to regular gasoline would reduce United States dependency on foreign oil and would increase energy security.
dome	There she entered in at Dorothy's window in the dome and aroused her from her sleep.
domed	So he followed the Prince into the great domed hall, and Dorothy and Zeb came after them, while the throng of people trooped in also.
domain	He cannot enter Death's domain or other areas of the Immortal world without invitation.
dominant	The fold in the ears was caused by a heritable, dominant, mutated gene.
domicile	However, adopting UK citizenship will certainly weaken your case for foreign domicile.
domiciliary	The Russian system was now in full swing; domiciliary visits, illegal arrests and banishments, and the suppression of newspapers, were the order of the day.
dominance	If this dominance was Cretan, it was short-lived.
domineering	Gabriel obeyed, and Katie flung a shoe at the domineering man with the jewel-toned eyes.
dollar	It was the million dollar question.
dominie	Here Sir Walter Scott lived for six years and De Quincey for nineteen, and William Tennant (1784-1848), author of Anster Fair, was the parish dominie.
domination	She had been raised to accept the domination of Dad over Mom.
dominus	The subject - the descent of Christ into Hades to succour the souls of the just, as related in the apocryphal gospel of Nicodemus - is introduced in a kind of prologue; then follows the dispute between Dominus and Satan at the gate of Hell; the gatekeeper runs away, and the just are set free, while Adam, Eve, Habraham, David, Johannes and Moyses do homage to the deliverer.
dominate	Alex didn't dominate her.
dominical	The contrast lay between the Dominical Supper or food and drink shared unselfishly by all with all, and the private supper, the feast of Dives, shamelessly gorged under the eyes of timid and shrinking Lazarus.
dominium	What the idea of a protectorate excludes, and the idea of annexation, on the other hand, would include, is that absolute ownership which was signified by the word dominium in Roman law, and which, though not quite satisfactorily, is sometimes described as ` territorial sovereignty.'
donate	We'll donate it for good luck so's you're sure to come back.
donation	It formed part of the donation of the Countess Matilda to the papacy.
domestic	This is just a domestic disturbance.
domino	Brandon Westlake offered his concerned condolences, apparently having heard the news from domino eavesdroppers.
dona	His father, Don Francisco de Valenzuela, a gentleman of Ronda, had been compelled to flee from Spain in consequence of a brawl, and had enlisted as a soldier in Naples, where he married Dona Leonora de Encisa.
donative	He hastened to propitiate the former by a donative of twice the usual amount, and excused his hasty acceptance of the throne to the senate by alleging the impatient zeal of the soldiers and the necessity of an imperator for the welfare of the state.
donkey	In Harrisburg we saw a donkey like Neddy.
dominican	Amber is recorded also from the Dominican Republic.
donna	Donna shook her head.
dong	Note- Jon is not, nor does he have a tiny dong.
donjon	Of the old castle, called Nenagh Round, dating from the time of King John, there still exists the circular donjon or keep. There are no remains of the hospital founded in 1200 for Austin canons, nor of the Franciscan friary, founded in the reign of Henry III.
donut	A donut bun or a sock bun looks great in this popular braid style.
doom	Their doom was thus fixed.
done	It had to be done sooner or later.
dominion	Having thus extended his dominion he became king of Ireland in 915.
doomed	He was doomed any way he looked at things.
doodle	You can also just doodle away, the same way you would with a regular notepad.
dooms	The power of the Internet and associated technologies we have so far described, combined with our new understanding of the genome, dooms disease to eventual extinction.
doomsday	The Pricke of Conscience is a long religious poem, in rhyming couplets, dealing with the beginning of man's life, the instability of the world, why death is to be dreaded, of doomsday, of the pains of hell, and the joys of heaven, the two latter subjects being treated with uncompromising realism.
doorframe	She picked up her cheeseburger, walked to the kitchen door, and leaned against the doorframe, watching Darian flip hamburgers on the stove.
doorknob	Gabe snapped the doorknob with ease.
doorbell	She rang the doorbell and we waited for someone to answer.
donor	It takes its name from its donor, the friend of Emerson.
doorkeeper	The office of doorkeeper explains itself, though it must be remembered that it was the special duty of the Christian ostiarius to exclude the unbaptized and persons undergoing penance from the more solemn part of the Eucharistic service.
doormat	No guy wants to date a doormat or someone who has no opinions of her own.
doorless	Yup. Even after running around with that dingbat mother like a mouse in a doorless maze.
doorstop	Anyway, he's about as romantic as a doorstop.
don	We don garment after garment, as if we grew like exogenous plants by addition without.
door	Alex met her at the door, a steaming cup of coffee in one hand.
dope	Dope also has effects than can become more serious after long-term use.
dopey	Wed 17th Up with E, D comes down looking dopey.
dor	Hops cover only about 7000 acres, being almost confined to the departments of Nord, Cte dOr and Meurthe-etMoselle.
doping	The Web site contains a number of BPA safety documents, notices and manuals, including anti doping policy, in Word format.
dorado	The fabled El Dorado, city of gold, has been a matter of legend for centuries.
dormancy	As the tree or shrub prepares itself for dormancy, its energy is focused on the roots.
dorking	In 1727 he bought Betchworth Castle, near Dorking, where he passed the remainder of his life.
doorstep	He stood on the doorstep and looked back into the house.
doorman	If you have people in the back make sure you have a doorman.
dorm	Offering free shipping, Metro Loft Furniture carries a collection of discount modern design furniture for dorm, loft or apartment living.
dormer	As there is no dormer on the roof, the ceilings slant downward on each side.
dormitory	On the eastern side we find the remains of the dormitory, raised on a vaulted substructure and communicating with the south transept.
doric	On the inner side towards the Acropolis, this wall is faced with a portico of six Doric columns.
dorian	The fate of the Dorian invaders was represented as differing locally.
dormice	The intestine (except in the dormice or Gliridae) has a large caecum.
dormant	They are cut to the last dormant bud in winter.
dorms	She made her way through the common areas to the dorms and cautiously opened the door to the room that had been hers.
dormouse	His teapots include the adorable Dormouse from Alice in Wonderland.
dorp	The coast ranges are here, in Namaqualand and the district of Van Rhyns Dorp, but the outer edges of the inner range.
doorway	He closed the doorway behind him.
dorsiventral	The small dorsiventral plants are in both cases floating aquatics.
dose	The dose of the root is from 60 to 90 grains.
dorsum	Respiration is effected by means of external gills placed along both sides of the dorsum of the abdomen and hinder segments of the thorax.
dos	In early works it is sometimes termed Cidade dos Reis (City of the Kings).
dory	Once things are going all hunky dory, trouble must arrive.
dossier	Are you going to publish a dossier, or are you just going to give a summary leaving out the details?
dot	Dean pointed to a small dot midpoint on the page.
doss	Four-hour walk in from Coire Cas car park to find the doss decrepit, stinking and full of snow.
dorsal	The lungs are small and occupy only the dorsal portion of the thoracic cavity.
dote	They make good parents and will dote on their children.
dosage	The optimal dosage required to reduce cholesterol is 1.8 grams per day.
dosimetry	A variety of dosimetry techniques are available, including graphite calorimetry, diode and ion chamber dosimetry.
dotard	But in the histories of the wars with his vassals he is often little more than a tyrannical dotard, who is made to submit to gross insult.
dotage	Edward was now sinking into his dotage.
doubler	Abraham Bennet, the inventor of the gold leaf electro e described a doubler or machine for multiplying Bennet'.
doty	On the 3rd of December 1836 the territorial legislature in session at Belmont, after a protracted and acrimonious debate, determined, largely through Doty's influence, to make Madison the permanent capital.
dotted	The air was clear and dry, the sand dotted with small shrubs.
dotty	Remember if the object is not dotty, you cannot shape tween it.
doubt	I doubt if she'll go to you.
doubtful	His tone was doubtful and he let the subject drop.
doublet	The player with the highest doublet plays first and turns proceed in a clockwise direction.
doubter	But Intuitionalism has further arguments for the doubter.
doubles	Audio - With iTunes and other MP3 jukebox players, the home computer now doubles as an entertainment center and with the right speakers, it can compete with your home stereo in the sound quality department.
doubling	We're doubling the guards.
douche	Women can use whole garlic cloves, acidophilus or an apple cider vinegar douche to cure a yeast infection, while jock itch can be treated with applications of tea tree oil or honey, and responds well to an increase of garlic in the diet.
doubtfully	Eying her breakfast doubtfully, she sat down.
doubly	It must be doubly so for him.
doughnut	After a stroll up town for coffee and a doughnut, I felt it was late enough to try Quinn in California.
double	He reached a set of double doors.
doughy	The base was also perfect, not too doughy or thick, but just right.
doughty	Doughty states that in 1876 rain to wet the ground had not fallen for three years at Medain Salih; in that year showers fell on the 29th of December and on two days in January and again in March.
doubtless	This description is doubtless exaggerated.
dove	He dove into the cold water.
dovecote	The mill house stands close by along with several outbuildings including a large dovecote.
dour	The social reformer of the past is depicted as a dour spinster wielding an axe to break barrels of Demon Rum.
douse	Keep a bucket of water nearby to douse the fire should it get out of hand.
dow	Like Kepler and all his contemporaries he believed in astrology, and he certainly also had some faith in the power of magic, for there is extant a deed written in his own handwriting containing a contract between himself and Robert Logan of Restalrig, a turbulent baron of desperate character, by which Napier undertakes to serche and sik out, and be al craft and ingyne that he dow, to tempt, trye, and find out some buried treasure supposed to be hidden in Logan's fortress at Fastcastle, in consideration of receiving one-third part of the treasure found by his aid.
dovetail	Daily shows dovetail one into the other.
dowager	She feels, in comparison, like a dreary, elderly dowager.
down	They sat down at the table.
dough	Stealing papa's dough, I guess.
downbeat	The management, in turn, are likely to give a downbeat view of future business prospects.
downcast	Prince Andrew came up to her with downcast eyes.
dowel	The primary difference between masquerade and Mardi Gras masks is that masquerade masks are often handheld with the wooden dowel rod.
dowdy	They're not as dowdy as they once were, either!
dower	In all these cases the father might dower her.
downfield	Newcastle moved downfield dangerously and got close to the Bristol line.
downgrade	As you plan your kitchen renovation, consider purchasing one component of the best quality you can afford and allow the other components to downgrade slightly.
download	Every song you download and how many times you play it.
downer	I don't want to put a downer on my Christmas post!
downhearted	Do not be too downhearted, we all have had to go through the same process.
downpour	From these hills which catch the first downpour of the rains from the ocean, the ground falls eastward.
downhaul	I have rigged a downhaul for the occasions when I lend out my boat to someone who has not sailed a Europe before.
downhill	He was like a horse running downhill harnessed to a heavy cart.
downstairs	Meet me downstairs at the restrooms.
downland	The latter lies, like Cyrene, about ten miles from the coast on the crest of Jebel Akhdar, here sunk to a low downland.
downtown	The woman she saw in downtown Atlanta had reacted to her the same way.
downriver	It'll keep you dry while going downriver and you'll stay warm on cool nights.
downright	They can be downright cantankerous.
downtrodden	We ought to encourage the empowerment of all those who feel oppressed or downtrodden.
downtime	A covey of Fred's female acquaintances weekended to Vegas, dampening his social schedule so he spent his Saturday and Sunday downtime plotting election strategy.
downy	The princess said nothing, but suddenly her short downy lip quivered.
downfall	One stroke of luck, however, fell to him before his downfall.
downturn	These results reflect a further downturn in DIY spending.
downstream	The view downstream and directly below the bridge was awesome.
downwind	We made them ride downwind and wore kerchiefs over our faces.
dowry	The dowry was never paid, and the king held himself free of his promise.
doxology	This doxology is also used in the Protestant Episcopal and Methodist Episcopal churches of America, as indeed in most Protestant churches at the eucharist.
downwards	He wanted to let his hand drift downwards but stopped himself.
dozen	You try but you can't protect me, Rhyn, which you've proven a dozen times over.
doyen	Even more surprising is the absence of awards for ' Emperor ', the doyen of yellow trumpet daffodils.
doze	She'd spent the time after her doze bleeding herself.
downs	In this sea were laid down the shales of the Rolling Downs formation.
dozy	Abdulwahid's History of the Almohades, written in 1224, was published by Dozy (2nd ed., 1881).
drab	Although called blue, the colour is a slaty or drab tone.
dphil	Brief Introduction I started my DPhil on the functional biogeography of the Amazon forest canopy in October 2005.
drachma	On the other hand, Tissaphernes undertook to pay the Peloponnesian sailors a daily wage of one Attic drachma (afterwards reduced to a drachma).
drachm	The former may be given in doses of an ounce and the latter in doses of a drachm.
draconian	Draconian measures may be put in place.
dracaena	Bamboos and palms, with Pandanus and Dracaena, are also abundant.
draco	It has, however, temporarily diverted its path as it moves into the constellation of Draco.
drag	I won't drag you into it.
draftsman	Unless you are an experienced draftsman and carpenter, you will need to hire someone to design the addition and build it.
dragon	The mother dragon may come down and catch us here.
downward	His sword slashed downward at her.
dragonfly	A red dragonfly, a darter, zooms around over the pond then rests in the sun on an iris leaf.
drachmae	It should be borne in mind that in early times the larger values, such as minae, would be transmitted by commerce, while after the introduction of coinage the lesser values of shekels and drachmae would be the units; and this needs notice, because usually a borrowed unit was multiplied or divided according to the ideas of the borrowers, and strange modifications thus arose.
dragoman	It soon became necessary to create the important post of chief dragoman at the Porte, and there was no choice save to appoint a Greek, as no other race in Turkey combined the requisite knowledge of languages with the tact and adroitness essential for conducting diplomatic negotiations.
dragster	The Top Gear host was driving a rocket-powered dragster at an airfield near York for the show.
dragoon	The dragoon was about to repeat his blow.
drafting	On his return to Japan he was entrusted with the arduous duty of drafting a constitution.
drama	The Romans and Italians had an indigenous drama of their own, known by the name of Satura, which prepared them for the reception of the more regular Greek drama.
drainer	The kitchen of the ArpÃ¨ge includes a sink and drainer, 3 burner hob, shelving and drawers.
drainpipe	There 's us teetering around on severely shortened lengths of flaky drainpipe.
dramatics	As someone who enjoys amateur dramatics in her spare time, she has relished taking center stage in the row over fat-cat pay.
draft	It was a draft of the work published in 1650 under the same title.
dram	At last the crew can a have a dram, or two, or three.
dramatize	Children act out or dramatize real-life situations.
drake	He took the same route as Drake along the west coast of America.
drain	She could feel the blood drain from her face.
dramatization	Greatest of all the torsos of this period, however, was the dramatization of Faust.
dramatically	I think that incomes will rise dramatically to many times what they presently are, in real dollars.
dramaturgy	I'm here on line for your tours (or raids) into contemporary dramaturgy, armed with my keyboard and very curious.
dramatist	His career as a dramatist very probably began by collaboration with other authors.
drapery	The drapery is grandly composed.
dramatic	He was a powerful and dramatic preacher.
drastically	His life wouldn't change drastically if he agreed.
draught	The native Sardinian cattle are small, but make good draught oxen.
drape	The arm around her shoulders dropped to drape loosely around her waist.
draper	Paul Stapfer (1870, 2nd ed., 1882); and many fresh particulars as to Sterne's relations with his wife and daughter, and also with the lady known as Eliza (Mrs Elizabeth Draper), are collected in Mr Sidney Lee's article in the Did.
draw	Isn't it strange how babies can draw people together?
draughtsman	In the case of general maps on a smaller scale, the orographic features must be generalized by a skilful draughtsman and artist.
drawbar	Chassis The underside of the trailer features a galvanized steel chassis The underside of the trailer features a galvanized steel chassis and drawbar, for longlasting corrosion protection.
draughtsmanship	His draughtsmanship is better than that of Jacques, whom he did not, however, rival in spirit, colour or composition.
drank	He drank hot tea from a glass.
drainage	The drainage of marshes and marshy lands has considerably extended.
drastic	In the end, she made a drastic over-calculation and lost the ground battle.
drawbridge	It was formerly entered by a drawbridge over a deep fosse.
drawl	Lana met his gaze, hearing his Southern drawl for the first time.
drawn	Her attention was drawn to the little filly.
dread	A feeling of dread was in the air.
dreadful	He thought it would be dreadful for me.
dreadfully	After suffering dreadfully from want of wafer and fuel they entered Kansu, having recrossed the flooded Hwang-ho, but it was not till January 1845 that they reached Tang-Kiul on the boundary.
drawers	I made my way back to the kitchen and turned on the gas stove burner for enough light to rummage through drawers until I located a box of wooden matches.
dreadlocks	I added dreadlocks and a beard, baggy trousers and boot laces (he was wearing jackboots ).
dream	They dream of time off.
drawback	Boiling under reduced pressure has one very serious drawback, viz.
drawer	As she pulled out the flatware drawer, the doorbell rang.
dreadnought	See also the mosaic designs in the floor depicting HMS Victory and a dreadnought battleship.
dray	The Elgoods brewery dray got stuck out on the green.
dreamily	She sighed dreamily then shook her head.
dreaminess	In men Rostov could not bear to see the expression of a higher spiritual life (that was why he did not like Prince Andrew) and he referred to it contemptuously as philosophy and dreaminess, but in Princess Mary that very sorrow which revealed the depth of a whole spiritual world foreign to him was an irresistible attraction.
dreamt	I dreamt about you.
dreamland	Unfortunately, the trip to dreamland was short in duration.
dreamer	I've always been a bit of a day dreamer.
dreary	Tuesday dawned a dreary overcast day.
dreamlike	The pain faded once more, and the experience became too dreamlike to be real.
dreariness	People may view emo as nothing more than a state of darkness, dreariness, and depression.
dreamy	He early gave signs of a grave and dreamy character.
drawstring	Elasticated hem drawstring to help eliminate snow and wind.
dredge	The gravel is excavated as in the ordinary form of endless-chain bucket dredge and dumped on to the deck of the dredge.
dress	That dress is really YOU!
drench	I'd drench him in sin and guilt.
drenching	Clouds drifted away from a full moon, drenching the patio with soft lunar light.
dregs	Our final visit was to a particularly dingy part of the dregs of the city.
dresser	Going to the dresser, he pulled out some clothing.
dressmaking	Sewing and darning equipment and methods, with an inventory of embroidery stitches and dressmaking techniques, are described for the first time.
dressage	He excels in the show ring and dressage arena.
dressmaker	We've just had four lovely dresses made by a French dressmaker.
drawing	The red planet beneath her was drawing closer.
dribble	That's actually the primary goal of a pair of basketball dribble goggles.
dressing	Carmen was up first, showering and dressing before Alex woke.
drier	The rivers are many, even on the drier eastern coast.
dresden	At the end of 1709 he went to Dresden for twelve months for finishing lessons in French and German, mathematics and fortification, and, his education completed, he was married, greatly against his will, to the princess Charlotte of BrunswickWolfenbiittel, whose sister espoused, almost simultaneously, the heir to the Austrian throne, the archduke Charles.
drill	He should have just become a steam drill operator!
drew	She drew a deep breath.
drifter	More than likely the unidentified rider was only another drifter.
driftwood	There was also the driftwood of the pond.
drink	She can drink milk like a real baby.
drift	She couldn't let this moment drift by.
drinker	But his wife claims he wasn't much of a drinker.
drinkable	Wine doesn't have to be expensive to be drinkable.
drilling	For drilling the deeper wells, the derrick, on account of the length of the string of drilling tools, is usually at least 7 o ft.
dripping	Water was dripping from the trees, and the grass was wet.
drip	It mixed with the rain to drip pink puddles on the ceramic floor.
dressy	Of course, you can always buy the traditional gown or dressy outfit.
drivel	Then again, I could just be talking drivel.
drizzle	Though dimmed by the fog and drizzle, its glare revealed the entrance 200 yd.
drinking	I think she's drinking.
driveway	The driveway had to be around that next bend.
dried	He dried his hands with the towel.
drogue	The Thor made an absolutely perfect flight, straight as an arrow, to 3000ft, where it deployed a small drogue ' chute.
droit	Vers le droit. . .that means on the right.
droll	Nick is very droll; he's got a very good dry sense of humor.
driven	I know you haven't driven in 15 years!
driver	If the driver was hurt, she might be able to help.
drive	Are you sure you can drive alright?
droop	She must have let her shoulders droop, or maybe it was her trembling body.
drome	Returned to the National Assembly by the department of Drome, he was for a few days in 1873 minister of public works under Thiers.
drop	Can you just drop me off near the mall?
droplet	Each pore is smaller than a droplet of water, but larger than a vapor moisture molecule.
drone	A drone of voices was audible through the closed window.
drool	Drool crusted one corner of his mouth.
droid	The old war droid goes on the rampage, shooting his way out of the site and into London itself.
droppings	The soil should be a light and fairly rich compost, comprising about 2 parts loam, I part decayed manure or horse droppings that have been thoroughly sweetened, I part leaf mould and half a part of sand.
droopy	The day began early, with many droopy eyelids, nine to be exact.
drooping	They all went away silently and with drooping heads.
dropout	Taking online classes at home can help a teen dropout to get his GED so that he can get a better paying job.
dropsical	The subject of the conditions under which dropsical liquids are poured out opens up a very wide question, and one about which there is the greatest diversity of opinion.
dropouts	The CCTV Professional tape works in any VHS recorder, delivering crisp definition and almost eliminating dropouts.
dropper	You can be a real name dropper being a curator!
drosophila	Drosophila simulans populations are unaffected by the global temperature rise but those of D. subobscura are significantly increased at 15¥C in the hot clines.
drought	Heat and drought had continued for more than three weeks.
drinks	He made drinks and they all sat.
dropsy	He died of dropsy on the 14th of June 1746, at Edinburgh.
dropwort	Plants found in the short turf include Chiltern gentian, dwarf thistle, dropwort, clustered bellflower and the rare clustered bellflower.
dross	Not all of the work here is of such a high standard but there isn't very much dross.
drowsy	His warmth made her drowsy and comfortable, and she liked the feeling.
droughty	It is true that one season of the series, that of 1887, was hot and droughty, but the following summer was exceedingly wet.
drown	Unless you want to go up and see if we can drown them out.
drover	As a boy of nine he helped a sheep drover to drive sheep and sometimes walked 12 miles a day.
drowsiness	Drowsiness was beginning to take hold of her.
drudge	Johnson remained in London to drudge for Cave.
drubbing	In spite of the drubbing he'd taken in the debate, he felt pretty good.
drudgery	No man was less fitted by temperament for the necessary drudgery and worry.
druggist	At the age of twelve he became clerk to a notary, and was afterwards apprenticed to a druggist.
drumbeat	The author skilfully weaves his plot punctuated by the rhythmic drumbeat which heralds the appearance of the new moon.
druid	Chief among the parks is Druid Hill Park in the N.W.
drove	He drove to their house in some agitation.
drunkard	Qahir was a drunkard, and derived the money for his excesses from promiscuous confiscation.
drunken	Martha, who I failed to forgive when she stumbled in one drunken moment of need, was gone forever.
drumstick	That's like looking for a drumstick in chicken soup.
drugstore	I've passed this same old drugstore seven times.
drummer	But what's this? he asked, noticing the French drummer boy.
drug	Would he try to drug them as he had Elisabeth?
drum	The drum of hooves jerked her attention back to the barn.
drumming	Eventually, rain drumming on the porch roof lulled her back to sleep.
drupe	The coconut is actually the seed of the palm tree, but it is widely considered to be a drupe, a category of fruit.
dryad	Our pagan forefathers believed the oak to be a sacred tree and that the marks in the bark revealed the presence of a dryad.
drunkenness	The drunkenness produced by kava is of a melancholy, silent and drowsy character.
drunk	He was drunk, Lori.
druse	The Hauran, therefore, has become the stronghold of the Druses, offering nowadays the best field for studying their peculiar customs and religion; and the group there still increases at the expense of the other groups, despite efforts on the part of the Ottoman government to check Druse migration by both conciliatory and repressive measures.
dryish	Both kinds flourish in dryish soil, on dry sunny parts of the rock garden.
dryly	Hands on hips, she smiled up at him dryly.
dsc	In 1986 he was awarded the DSc degree by Bath University for his research accomplishments.
dss	Many of the once grand homes are now run down flats, houses of multiple occupation and DSS hostels.
dryness	Crude potash is used for the manufacture of glass, and, after being causticized, for the making of soft soap. For many other purposes it must be refined, which is done by treating the crude product with the minimum of cold water required to dissolve the carbonate, removing the undissolved part (which consists chiefly of sulphate), and evaporating the clear liquor to dryness in an iron pan.
dt	Then the first of the equations of motion may be put under the form dt ?
dtp	It is an acid set cheese, not a rennet set cheese, as well as being a DTP program.
drying	They're still outside drying.
dualist	From what little we know of him he was an uncompromising dualist.
dualistic	The system itself aims in principle at being thoroughly monistic; but, since matter, although created by God out of nothing, was regarded merely as the sphere in which souls are punished and purified, the system is pervaded by a strongly dualistic element.
duality	Subject-object, knowledge, or, more widely, self-consciousness with its implicates - this unity in duality is the ultimate aspect which reality presents.
dub	The lack of a Japanese dub is very disappointing.
dualism	This philosophy, called Empirio-criticism, is not, however, a realistic but an idealistic dualism, nor can it be called materialism.
dryer	I've got to get the stuff out of the dryer before it wrinkles.
dubbing	Yet the fact that Harold received knighthood from William of Normandy makes it clear either that Harold was not yet a knight, which in the case of so tried a warrior would imply that dubbing to knighthood was not yet known in England even under Edward the Confessor, or, as Freeman thinks, that in the middle of the iith century the custom had grown in Normandy into something of a more special meaning than it bore in England.
dubiously	When Connie continued to watch her dubiously, Lisa dropped to the bed and sighed heavily.
dual	It was dark, the dual moons high in the sky.
ducat	For each province you occupy or control, you receive one ducat.
dry	Her mouth felt dry and her knees weak.
dubious	Steve tells Catherine he wants to plead manslaughter on grounds of temporary insanity, but she looks dubious about the idea.
duckling	She is the youngest of four sisters, and has often said that she was considered the ugly duckling among her siblings.
duckweed	Fruiting Duckweed (Nertera) - N. depressa is a pretty creeping and minute plant, thickly studded with tiny reddish-orange berries, and with minute round leaves which are suggestive of the Duckweed of our stagnant pools.
ducky	Use an adorable ducky appliqué to accent a burp cloth for the new baby.
ducking	He walked around to the driver's side, ducking his head as he folded his long frame into the car.
ductile	Sudden cooling makes the metal extremely ductile, and slow cooling makes it brittle.
ducal	The ducal dignity rarely passed out of a circle of specially old and distinguished families.
duct	It is known the duct of Gartner, and.
duchess	The Duchess of Connaught died in London March 14 1917.
dude	Have you ever thought of turning this place into a dude ranch?
ductility	In the manufacture of a wine-glass the ductility of glass is illustrated on a small scale by the process of pulling out the, leg.
dud	If there is a dud in the bunch, it's the pink Shimmer Brick.
duck	I just need a place to duck out of the rain for a bit.
duchy	In 1814-1815, before the decrees of the Vienna Congress were known, an extraordinary attempt was made by Philippe d'Auvergne of the British navy, the cousin and adopted son of the last duke, to revive the ancient duchy of Bouillon.
ductus	To the left of this is the fissure for the ductus venosus, and to the left of this again, the left lobe, in which a broad shallow groove for the oesophagus may usually be seen.
dudgeon	When he reached Gloucester Rufus refused to receive him unless he did homage for his kingdom; he declined and returned home in high dudgeon.
duffer	Out of 100 balls only one was a complete duffer.
dugong	Turtle and dugong are caught.
duffel	Many travelers stuff their belongings in a duffel bag, others get suitcases large enough to fit a whole person.
duet	Let's play a duet, then.
duke	In 1814-1815, before the decrees of the Vienna Congress were known, an extraordinary attempt was made by Philippe d'Auvergne of the British navy, the cousin and adopted son of the last duke, to revive the ancient duchy of Bouillon.
duiker	The common or true duiker (C. grimmi) is found in bush-country from the Cape to the Zambezi and Nyasaland, and ranges northward on the west coast to Angola.
dugout	But at noon the adjutant of the regiment came into Rostov's and Denisov's dugout with a grave and serious face and regretfully showed them a paper addressed to Major Denisov from the regimental commander in which inquiries were made about yesterday's occurrence.
dukedom	The dukedom for which Arundel had petitioned Charles I.
duffle	Duffle coat - made of thick wool, fastened with toggles.
duel	Come now, what was this duel about?
dull	Things didn't stay dull for long, though.
duff	If you'd let me drive, you could sit around here on your duff instead.
due	What is her due date?
dulcimer	He started to play the cimbalom (dulcimer) at the age of eleven.
dug	He dug the keys out of his pocket.
dullard	That she was at length taken in her own toils even such a dullard as her admirers depict her could not have failed to understand; that €he was no such dastard as to desire or deserve such defenders the whole brief course of her remaining life bore consistent and irrefragable witness.
duma	Meanwhile the political parties which were to divide the new Duma had taken shape.
dumbbell	The Internet - Many sites will have downloadable and printable dumbbell workout charts that cater to all sorts of exercise demographics - from full-time stay-at-home parents to jetsetting business professionals.
dumbstruck	Jackson stood dumbstruck; amazed the newborn possessed such control.
dulness	Behind the luxuriant jungles of the sub-tropical coast, once over the main range, we find the purely Australian flora with its apparent sameness and sombre dulness.
dullness	Its almost complete absence in some of these works makes for monotony and produces a sense of dullness, which may not be inherent in all the details of the music, but is none the less distinctly present.
dumbness	God can dumbness keep While Sin creeps grinning through His house of Time.
dump	We're going to dump everything we don't need.
dumb	You can play dumb because it's the truth.
dumbly	Kiera stood dumbly, staring at her friend.
duly	The nominal governor of the country was the Turkish vali, who resided at Banjaluka or Travnik, and rarely interfered in local affairs, if the taxes were duly paid.
dumper	Fun foot to floor ride-on truck with tipping dumper.
dummy	Why would Yancey have a dummy mail box?
dumpy	It's not dumpy like where I go now.
dunce	And the woman who wrote this, whoever she is, isn't any dunce.
dun	The district is served by the Dun canals.
dumping	She told Franny Mulligan that Ryland was dumping her.
dune	They climbed the dune and kneeled close to the top.
dumps	In districts like that of Cripple Creek their enormous ore dumps dot the mountain flanks like scores of vast ant-hills; and in Eagle River canyon their mouths, like dormer windows into the granite mountain roof, may be seen 2000 ft.
dungaree	Then Mr Hay takes your friend in the blue dungaree.
dumpling	John had a dumpling for supper; my sister gave it him.
dunk	You ca n't dunk an elephant in your cup of tea!
dung	Maintain the heat in hotbeds and pits by means of fresh dung linings.
dunghill	It begins with us on the dunghill, and ends with us on the throne of glory.
duo	Apparently the duo was considered part of the family.
dungarees	He is wearing red dungarees with a white pocket on the front.
duodecimal	Hence we see that it probably passed from the East through Greece to Etruria, and thence became the standard foot of Rome; there, though divided by the Italian duodecimal system into 12 unciae, it always maintained its original 16 digits, which are found marked on some of the foot-measures.
duodecimo	In 1617 Napier published his Rabdologia, 4 a duodecimo of one hundred and fifty-four pages; there is prefixed to it as preface a dedicatory epistle to the high chancellor of Scotland.
dungeon	I rotated out of the dungeon for this?
duodenal	The sphincter of Oddi surrounds the ampulla and prevents reflux of duodenal contents into the pancreatic duct.
duopoly	Based on current evidence, says the Commission, regional wholesalers would appear unable to provide a sufficient competitive counterweight to such a duopoly.
duodenum	There is no gallbladder, and the biliary duct enters the duodenum about 6 in.
dupe	The royal dupe was the last man in the world to check the advance of the papacy.
duper	I can write (plan) a super duper to do list.
duplicity	Why is so much of the media blinded by his obvious duplicity?
durable	The most durable of fences are those formed of small oaks, split lengthwise by the wedge into thin boards.
duplicated	It was duplicated on the right side.
duplication	Such duplication of railways involves a waste of capital.
duplicate	Can you duplicate whatever this is?
dural	Accidental dural puncture is usually easily recognized by the immediate loss of CSF through the epidural needle.
duplicator	Russell Jenkins ***************************************** We are pleased to announce that at last we have got a new duplicator for the Belfry bulletin.
duress	This is not (as in private law) rendered voidable by duress; e.g.
duplex	Grubb's duplex micrometer is described in the 9th edition of the Encyclopaedia Britannica.
during	He must have changed clothes during the night.
durance	Every one in durance, whether tried or untried, was heavily ironed.
duralumin	Captain Barnwell turned to his shipyard experience and designed an airframe using duralumin sheets.
durian	These, however, include the orange, mango, mangosteen, shaddock, guava and the durian.
durbar	A durbar is the executive council of a native state.
dusk	The sun had set, and dusk settled over the ocean.
durability	The trees of India producing economically useful timber are comparatively few, owing to the want of durability of the wood, in the extremely hot and moist climate.
durst	At last they either durst not attend the diet, or sat like dumb dogs during its session, allowing the king to alter and interpret the statutes at his good pleasure.
dusky	The inner bark is dusky red.
durum	In 1906 the farm area was almost equally divided between dry farming and farming under irrigation, three-fourths of the wheat produced was grown without irrigation, and the dry farming was very successful with the comparatively new and valuable crops of durum, or macaroni wheat, and Russian barley, which is used in straw for winter feed to sheep and neat cattle.
duster	You can also buy seamed stockings and high-heel marabou pumps from them, but you'll have to get the feather duster separately.
durra	Besides coffee there is a large trade in durra, the kat plant (used by the Mahommedans as a drug), ghee, cattle, mules and camels, skins and hides, ivory and gums. The import trade is largely in cotton goods, but every kind of merchandise is included.
dustbin	Rubbish they can always find in a used dustbin.
dustpan	Benny went inside to get a dustpan and a broom.
duration	But his trip was of short duration.
dutchman	It is the mythical site of an octagonal house said to have been erected early in the 16th century by one John Groot, a Dutchman who had migrated to the north of Scotland by permission of James IV.
dusting	Cassie rolled over and stood, dusting sand from her clothes.
duty	The sheriff has a duty to investigate.
dutifully	I dutifully trekked back through the ranks, lying that I'd been cut off.
dutiful	The ant, methodical and dutiful, planned and worked to have enough food for the winter.
duumvir	Commodus held the title of duumvir quinquennalis.
duvet	She wrapped the duvet around herself.
dwarf	The pugdog is a dwarf race, probably of mastiff origin, and kept solely as a pet.
dwell	It's useless to dwell on what might've been.
dust	A dust storm was probably brewing.
dux	Eardwulf dux, who had apparently fled abroad to escape the wrath of !Ethelred, was now recalled and held the crown until 807 or 808.
dusty	Dusty glanced at his watch.
dwarfish	The true jungle veddahs are almost a dwarfish race.
dwindle	They dwindle in size; they do not, however, die.
dweller	There, as soon as his fingers were thawed, he took his revenge in Dweller in yon dungeon dark.
dx	Consider the particles which occupy a thin stratum dx perpendicular to the primary ray x.
dv	For by (30) do = dv, and by (2) dv is proportional to ds.
dwarfism	Dwarfism from impaired longitudinal growth of bones is a recessive trait that affects males more strongly than females.
dye	It possesses worsted and cotton mills, iron works, dye works and chemical works.
dwelt	On one of them he dwelt long and joyfully.
dyad	The most important relationships are those between two people - forming the dyad.
dwelling	It was a waste of time dwelling on a future she didn't have.
dyeable	Most of our shoes are fully dyeable to match any swatch of material.
dyer	Legal history can now be followed in a continuous series of law reports, beginning with Keilway, Staunford and Dyer, and going on.
dyke	At Inverell in New South Wales a diamond (1906) has been found embedded in a hornblende diabase which is described as a dyke intersecting the granite.
dynamism	There's a lot of hand-held camerawork in the film, there's a lot of dynamism in the cutting.
dutch	On the breaking out of the Dutch War in 1664 he was made treasurer of the prizes, being accountable to the king alone for all sums received or spent.
dynamical	The R2 algorithm is specifically for simulating 2+1 flavors of dynamical staggered fermions of different masses.
dyeing	A large number of cotton mills furnish the chief source of industry; printing, dyeing and bleaching of cotton and calico, spinning and weaving machine making, iron and steel works, and collieries in the neighbourhood, are also important.
dynamite	Once you get something into your head, dynamite couldn't blast it out.
dynamically	It would have been folly to explain to him that he was the first man to affect her so dynamically, but she didn't want to leave him with the impression that she was a nymph either.
dynamic	The great thing about the Internet is its dynamic nature.
dynamics	Lagranges own proof will be found under DYNAMIcs, Analytical.
dynamometer	The fixed and suspended coils of the dynamometer are respectively connected in series with the magnetizing solenoid and with a secondary wound upon the specimen.
dynast	But at the same time, the Persian dynast Ardashir had already begun his conquests in Persia and Carmania.
dynamo	The field magnet of the dynamo has two gaps in it.
dysentery	Fever, dysentery and ophthalmia, chiefly due to exposure to heavy dews and cold nights, are prevalent.
dyne	Taking the centimetre, gramme and second as our fundamental units, the most convenient unit of force is that which, acting on a gramme for a second, produces in it a velocity of a centimetre per second; this is called a Dyne.
dynastic	Henry's reign then entered on its last phase of dynastic struggle.
dyslexia	Students with dyslexia are permitted to use an electronic dictionary.
dysfunction	These drugs should be used with caution in people with liver dysfunction.
dying	Rissa was dying too fast.
dyslexic	Some dyslexic students can be easily distracted by noise, activity or visual clutter - allow them a choice of seating.
dysphagia	Any condition that weakens or damages the muscles and nerves used for swallowing may cause dysphagia.
dynasty	The Samanid dynasty came to its end in December 1004.
dysphasia	Shepard's normally have Hip dysphasia / Arthritis, Boxers have a lot of heart problems.
dysphoria	The short-term side effects can include sedation, dysphoria, weight gain, movement abnormalities, depression, and poor school performance.
dyspepsia	He suffered the torments of dyspepsia; he was often sleepless, and the crowing of demon-fowls in neighbours' yards drove him wild.
dyspnea	Pulmonary problems include both obstructive and restrictive lung disease, with symptoms of exertional dyspnea, sleep apnea, and reduced pulmonary endurance.
dystopia	A dystopia, takes what seems perfect and erases freedom.
dyspnoea	In the dyspnoea of advanced valvular disease of the heart morphine relieves the distress and restlessness, and induces sleep. It should however be withheld if the heart has undergone fatty degeneration.
each	Each book was written with a pen or a brush.
eager	He seemed eager to talk all night.
dysuria	They had symptoms of acute cystitis including dysuria, frequency, urgency and/or suprapubic pain.
eagerness	I remember the eagerness with which I made discoveries about them.
eachother	Up to four characters can play at the same time, both helping one another out and (more often than some would prefer) getting in eachother's way.
dystrophy	The mechanism of other dominant mutations such as the one that causes myotonic dystrophy is not yet known.
ea	In the astral theology of Babylonia and Assyria, Anu, Bel and Ea became the three zones of the ecliptic, the northern, middle and southern zone respectively.
ear	She whispered in my ear, you won't believe it.
dysplasia	There is good evidence that too high calcium intake may results in skeletal developmental problems, which may include hip dysplasia.
ealdorman	It is first mentioned in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle under the date 605.The ealdorman, or sheriff, of the shire was probably charged with the duty of calling out and leading the fyrd, which appears always to have retained a local character, as during the time of the Danish invasions we read of the fyrd of Kent, of Somerset and of Devon.
eagerly	The crowd moved eagerly from the balcony toward the porch.
earl	In 1518 the manor was granted to Sir Walter Raleigh, from whom it passed to Sir Richard Boyle, afterwards earl of Cork.
e	During a small electric transfer through the cell, the external work done is Ee, where E is the electromotive force.
earful	She did want to use the bags first, and if Jackson hadn't been in this state, he would be getting a shrill earful for feeding from the bottles.
earache	You may have an earache or a feeling of fullness in your ear.
eagle	The eagle has landed.
eared	The still more magnificently clad gold pheasants (Thaumalea), and the eared pheasants (Crossoptilon), are also confined to certain districts in the mountains of north-eastern Asia.
earing	Thus, while of German periodicals ap p earing in Hungary there were in 1871 only 85, they increased in 1880 to 114, in 1885 to 141; and they were, at the beginning of 1895, still 128, in spite of the constant spread of that process of Magyarization which has, since 1880, considerably changed the linguistic habits of the people of Hungary.
early	It's late and I have to get up early tomorrow.
eardrum	The eardrum heals around them, securing them in place.
earmark	Earmark recipes you'd like to try in cookbooks, and go back to them when you run out of ideas.
earnest	His simple, earnest response and the conviction on his face floored her.
earnestly	Even when I studied most earnestly it seemed more like play than work.
earlobe	She placed a dark grey device the size of a small button on her earlobe like an earring.
earliness	Earliness is especially important in countries where the season is short.
earner	Two earner couple £ 50k (2 children) 4. ... .
earphones	An extra set of earphones are always welcome gifts.
earldom	Earl Thomas was executed for treason, and though his attainder was reversed he left no issue, and was succeeded in the earldom by his brother Henry.
earpiece	Toni held up a sleek phone and Bluetooth earpiece.
earpieces	Within the salon, staff were required to wear earpieces at all times.
earnestness	Tait had all Blomfield's earnestness and his powers of work, with far wider interests.
earnings	The earnings per train-mile vary greatly; but for all the lines the average is 7s.
earth	The leader of the bad guys on earth died and was replaced.
earthen	It is surrounded by a thick earthen wall, nearly 4 m.
earplugs	Reduce the time you spend in places where there is very loud music - or wear earplugs.
earshot	He moved closer to Dean, out of earshot of the waiting investigators.
earring	Hoop earrings are a very traditional earring style.
earn	I did not earn it.
earthiness	Well, it was a big gulp of a red with a lofty Syrah-like perfume of dark berries, herbs, spices, and earthiness.
earwig	The best known earwig is the common European species, Forficula auricularia.
earthwork	One of the hills in the vicinity is fortified with a great ancient earthwork and ditch.
earthworm	The earthworms of England belong entirely to the three genera Lumbricus, Allolobophora and Allurus, which are further subdivided by some systematists; and these genera form the prevalent earthworm fauna of the Palaearctic region and are also very numerous in the Nearctic region.
earthquake	The city was almost totally destroyed by an earthquake in 1766, and again in 1797.
earthly	It seems, however, that as time went on some of them acquired a more extended character; thus Ba'al and Astarte assumed celestial attributes in addition to their earthly ones, and the Tyrian Melqarth combined a celestial with a marine aspect.'
earthenware	Large works of earthenware are established at Znaim and Frain.
easel	She set up the easel and went to work.
easter	It's Easter morning and we're on our way to church.
easement	A conservation easement is federally protected land that will not be used for land development purposes.
eastern	I was told to walk in an eastern direction.
eastbound	The westbound demolition trains in 1968/9 were hauled by class 24 diesel locomotives with diesel shunters being used on eastbound trains.
easing	Her gaze turned starry, her body easing against his.
earthy	White lead is an earthy, amorphous powder.
easternmost	The work of these three was carried out principally in the easternmost part of Polynesia.
easterly	In the time of the Sassanian kings, however, as at the present time, the Tigris occupied a more easterly course.
easy	That's easy for you to say.
eat	We're going to eat before we leave, and you're going to act grateful.
easting	The first line of output gives the easting, northing, and the mouse button return value (see NOTES, below ).
ease	I can ease that tension.
eaten	We have just eaten our breakfast.
easygoing	It's all the Club and his easygoing nature.
easily	Believe me, it wasn't something I easily forgot.
eating	People were eating bowls of soup.
east	Sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
eatable	The berries are black and only eatable after frost.
ebb	He listened intently to the ebb and flow of these sounds.
eaves	In the fall and winter, leaves fall from trees and clog eaves.
eatery	It may not sounds like a Mexican restaurant, but this eatery is the best place for a fiesta.
ebon	Among the Carolines and the Marshalls darker and more savage communities are found, suggesting a Melanesian element, which is further traceable in the Ebon (Marshall) and other languages.
eastwards	The tract adjoining this long line of lagoons is, like the basin of the Po, a broad expanse of perfectly level alluvial plain, extending from the Adige eastwards to the Carnic Alps, where they approach close to the Adriatic between Aquileia and Trieste, and northwards to the foot of the great chain, which here sweeps round in a semicircle from the neighborhood of Vicenza to that of Aquileia.
eavesdrop	Anyone with an inexpensive RF scanner can eavesdrop on your conversation.
ebonite	Sulphur when warmed with caoutchouc combines with it, and on this fact the vulcanization of rubber depends, and also the production, with an excess of sulphur, of the hard black material known as vulcanite or ebonite.
eats	It also eats fruit and vegetables.
ebullient	Their friendly and ebullient nature helps to build and fortify Colts fans, which is why the personality aspect of a professional cheerleader is so vital.
eastward	I slipped so quietly eastward, no one I visited.
eccentric	It does sound a little eccentric, doesn't it?
ebullition	It was thought at one time that the honour of a nation could only be vindicated by war, though all that had happened was the slighting of its flag, or of its accredited representative, during some sudden ebullition of local feeling.
ebony	Small quantities of ebony and sandal-wood are exported.
ecclesiastical	It was regarded as a model of ecclesiastical, patriotic eloquence.
eccentrically	Training the muscles eccentrically can be an effective way to prevent injuries.
ecclesiastically	Ecclesiastically the place was dependent on Altham till after the middle of the 19th century.
ecclesia	If there was any difference of opinion the matter was referred to the Ecclesia for settlement.
eccentricity	A new enthusiastic young writer joins the staff of jaded hacks each with their own eccentricity.
ec	The whole quantity of heat required to raise the temperature from 0 to 0' at constant pressure along the path EC is H+h, which is equal to S(0' - o), where S is the specific heat at constant pressure.
ecclesiastic	As an ecclesiastic he was pious, pure, simple in his mode of life, charitable, and a learned and liberal patron of letters; but as a sovereign he proved weak, timid and incapable.
ecclesiasticism	According to Schwegler, the puteal originally indicated that the place had been struck by lightning, and the story is a reminiscence of the early struggle between the state and ecclesiasticism.
ecclesiology	He was essentially a student, with strong leanings towards archaeology and ecclesiology.
ecdysis	The growth of an insect is usually rapid, and as the cuticle does not share therein, it is from time to time cast off by moulting or ecdysis.
echidna	The Marsupials include the Macro pus or kangaroo; the opossums, Phalangista vulpina and P. Cookii; the opossum-mouse, Dromicia nana; Perameles or bandicoot; Hypsiprymnus or kangaroo rat; Phascolomys or wombat; while of Monotremata there are the Echidna or porcupine ant-eater and the duck-billed platypus.
ecg	His vital signs were monitored and an ECG revealed a sinus bradycardia with the presence of J waves.
ecclesiasticus	It gradually became a literary rather than a popular tongue, as appears from the style of the later books of the Old Testament (Chron., Dan., Eccles.), and from the Hebrew text of Ecclesiasticus (c. 170 B.C.).
echo	The only response was the echo of an unanswered ring.
echelon	Army (Prince Frederick Charles) moved off in echelon from left to right, the I.
echinoid	Neumayr adduced the Triassic sea-urchin Tiarechinus, in which the apical system forms half of the test, as an argument for the origin of Echinoidea from an ancestor in which the apical system was of great importance; but a genus appearing so late in time, in an isolated sea, under conditions that dwarfed the other echinoid dwellers therein, cannot seriously be thought to elucidate the origin of pre-Silurian Echinoidea, and the recent discovery of an intermediate form suggests that we have here nothing but degenerate descendants of a well-known Palaeozoic family (Lepidocentridae).
eclipse	He also observed the eclipse of the sun on May 4, 1818.
echinoderm	This creature displays an almost unexampled frequency and extent of distribution in the whole North Sea, in the western parts of the Baltic, near the Faroe Islands, Iceland, Greenland and the English coasts, so that it may be regarded as a characteristic North Sea echinoderm form.
echolocation	As with whales and dolphins they use echolocation when exploring the surrounding environment.
eclampsia	It forms a valuable treatment in diabetic coma and eclampsia, acting by diluting the toxins in the blood.
eclogue	It was at this time that Virgil addressed 'the famous fourth eclogue to him.
eclectic	The restaurant serves an eclectic mix of seafood, poultry, red-meat and vegetarian dishes.
eclecticism	The strain of the next three years' continuous work undermined his health and his eyesight, and he was compelled to retire from his professorship. During these years he had published works on Plato and Socrates and a history of philosophy (1875); but after his retirement he further developed his philosophical position, a speculative eclecticism through which he endeavoured to reconcile metaphysical idealism with the naturalistic and mechanical standpoint of science.
ecology	From the phytogeographical standpoint, ecology is frequently termed ecological plant geography.
ecliptic	The Solar Astronomical Year Is The Period Of Time In Which The Earth Performs A Revolution In Its Orbit About The Sun, Or Passes From Any Point Of The Ecliptic To The Same Point Again; And Consists Of 365 Days 5 Hours 48 Min.
economic	They have no economic advantage in going to war.
economics	As my economics professors insisted, cost is determined by scarcity and demand.
ecological	From the phytogeographical standpoint, ecology is frequently termed ecological plant geography.
ecologically	Wood is ecologically friendly since it comes from a natural source, trees.
economize	When loaded by shovel the car is made low to economize labour.
econometrics	You also study econometrics, which forms the basis of modeling and testing in banking and finance.
economist	As to his position as an economist, opinion is also divided.
economical	An economical method of evaporation must be found.
economically	Economically, Besi is the most important island.
ecstasy	You should have seen her ecstasy, and how he caught it for having stayed away so long.
ecstatic	We were ecstatic, but increasingly nervous.
ecosystem	Clean water is also central to a healthy ecosystem.
ecstatically	Not daring to look round and without looking round, he was ecstatically conscious of his approach.
ecru	Plaid choices include Black, Ecru, Navy and Vine.
ect	We also expect a mature game, no whining, crying ect.
economy	The economy was affected by the establishment of a land tax.
ectodermic	The nephridia, in fact, on this view, are ectodermic ingrowths, the coelomoducts coelomic outgrowths.
ectoderm	A fur- ‘ - ther peculiarity of this type of colony is that theentire coenosarcal complex is covered externally by a common layer of ectoderm; it is not clear how this covering layer is developed.
ectodermal	In the hydropolyp the ectodermal muscle-fibres are always directed longitudinally.
ectoparasitic	The only organs that exhibit any sign of degeneration are those of sense, but in the ectoparasitic Trematodes simple eye-like structures are present and perhaps serve as organs of temperature.
ecumenical	The fourth Lateran council (twelfth ecumenical), convened by Pope Innocent III.
eczema	The oleate has been used in chronic eczema and psoriasis and locally in cancer.
ectopic	Ectopic parathyroid tissue can occur, from cricoid to anterior mediastinum.
ectoplasmic	The astral emanations from the sacrificial corpse provide the ectoplasmic means for visible manifestation.
ecumenism	This new document does not attempt to change the teaching of the Catholic Church regarding ecumenism.
ectoplasm	The existence of ectoplasm is a controversial topic.
edaphic	Again, the well-known action of earthworms may be said to be a biological work; but the resulting aeration of the soil causes edaphic differences; and earthworms are absent from certain soils, such as peat.
edelweiss	Two typical species are Lychnis apetala, which extends to Spitsbergen, and the well-known edelweiss.
edda	His exploits and adventures form the theme of a number of the Eddaic poems, and also of several stories in the prose Edda.
eddy	Hence when a current is passed through the meter, the armature rotates and increases its speed until the driving force is balanced against the retarding force due to the eddy currents in the copper brake disk.
edam	Edam took its name and origin from the dam built on the little river Ye which joined the great Purmer lake close by.
edema	The reports of edema were generally mild to moderate and usually did not require discontinuation of treatment.
eddic	Nevertheless, some of the Eddic songs do seem to give the very form and pressure of the viking period.'
edge	He stood and walked to the edge of the pond.
edged	The ribbon is red edged with blue.
edging	In other words, it is already edging away from its identification with (all or any) doctrines.
edginess	She had lost that edginess and appeared even more beautiful than he remembered.
edible	The contents of the nut are edible as in the coco-nut.
edgeways	Tho I probably sha n't let him get a word in edgeways.
edger	These vary from a brushcutter, hedgetrimmer, pruner, edger, strimmer, soil cultivator and power sweep.
edibles	Glycerin acts as a preservative against decomposition, owing to its antiseptic qualities, which also led to its being employed to preserve untanned leather (especially during transit when exported, the hides being, moreover, kept soft and supple); to make solutions of gelatin, albumen, gum, paste, cements, &c. which will keep without decomposition; to preserve meat and other edibles; to mount anatomical preparations; to preserve vaccine lymph unchanged; and for many similar purposes.
edifice	On the one hand there is fear and regret for the loss of the whole edifice constructed through the ages, on the other is the passion for destruction.
edi	The now decommissioned Concorde had visited EDI numerous times.
edgewise	In 1750 Dr Gowan Knight found that the needles of merchant-ships were made of two pieces of steel bent in the middle and united in the shape of a rhombus, and proposed to substitute straight steel bars of small breadth, suspended edgewise and hardened throughout.
edit	Green, however, continued to edit it in the Calhoun interest until 1835, and gave vigorous support to that leader's nullification views.
eden	No, Eden, what happens next?
editor	He was editor of the Yale Review, 1896-1910.
editorial	The local paper wrote an editorial showing pride in the status.
edifying	It was an edifying experience.
edify	Edify for others, that's why he says He that prophesies edifies the church.
edification	In church it is best that he should confine himself to prophesying, for that brings to others edification and comfort and consolation.
editorially	Gradually Greeley came to advocate some of these doctrines editorially.
edict	This edict would have utterly ruined Campania.
edt	They have the 2.5 oz EDT spray for $36.39.
edgy	She was edgy again after the hour it took to relax.
education	Our young people need education and more organized activities.
educability	The brains are large, and the intelligence and educability extraordinarily high.
edp	We wish all the EDP walkers and readers a very merry Christmas.
editorship	From September 1829 until March 1830 Lundy was assisted in the editorship of the paper by William Lloyd Garrison.
educationally	However, they are among the most educationally disadvantaged groups in Ireland.
educationist	Three nominations for the Nobel Peace Prize came to the great educationist in her final years.
educable	He builds up, from birth onwards, his own mental mechanisms, and forms more of them, that is to say, is more educable, and takes longer in doing so, that is to say, in growing up and maturing his experience, than any other animal.
edition	Grubb's duplex micrometer is described in the 9th edition of the Encyclopaedia Britannica.
educator	Vittorino dei Rambaldoni da Feltre (1378-1446) was a famous educator and philosopher of his time.
educative	The dramatic work of Livius was mainly of educative value.
educate	Children will educate themselves under right conditions.
edutainment	The key to edutainment is to make learning fun.
eec	Government, eec. - The colony is administered by a governor who is advised by a nominated council of unofficial members.
educated	Alex was better educated and had more business experience.
eerie	The evening sun made eerie shapes in the forested landscape.
educational	I have to admit it's been educational so far.
eerily	His eyes glowed eerily in the dark kitchen.
efface	Sometimes, however, he did suppress whole sections or verses, enjoining his followers to efface or forget them, and declaring them to be abrogated.
eel	The only fresh-water fish is the eel.
eeg	The EEG or electroencephalic audiometry test measures tone loss but cannot locate the site of a hearing loss.
effect	The changes had an immediate effect.
effective	You're about as effective at pep talks as Rhyn.
effectively	How could she forget the experience that had effectively doomed her, branded her as his forever?
edwardian	View the original livery worn by the coachman in Edwardian times.
effacement	This phase is characterized by dilatation (opening) of the cervix to 3-4 cm along with the thinning out of the cervix (effacement).
effector	All monaural channels are equipped with an INSERT I/O jack for independent connection to an external effector.
effectual	The device is a most effectual one.
effeminate	Once again he was doing something that might be considered effeminate in another man, and yet he looked totally masculine.
effeminacy	The growing effeminacy and corruption of mankind has found her censures unendurable.
effervescence	For sparkling wine and Champagne, flat simply means the wines have lost their bubbles or effervescence.
effendi	Ali 1 For details of these events see Umar Effendi, History of the War in Bosnia (1737-1739).
efferent	The male ducts are either one pair or two pairs, which open by a common and complicated efferent terminal apparatus furnished with a protrusible penis.
effectually	Nor could they be effectually excluded from the fairs, the great markets of the 18th century.
effervescent	Effervescent soda water is a mild gastric sedative.
efficacious	Of the numerous remedies proposed the most efficacious is perhaps sodium amalgam.
effectiveness	It requires a radium salt of high radioactivity to be at all comparable in effectiveness with a good water-dropper.
efficient	The nets or snares are highly efficient for this purpose.
effete	If there be any sour or sodden or effete soil into which the roots have not run, this should be carefully picked out with a pointed stick.
efficaciously	Further, personal and domestic relations with the ruling families abroad give openings in delicate cases for saying more, and saying it at once more gently and more efficaciously, than could be ventured in the formal correspondence and rude contacts of government.
effloresce	The hydrated acid crystallizes in prisms which effloresce in air, and are readily soluble in water.
efflorescence	The result of this drainless irrigation is an efflorescence of salt on the surface of the field.
efflorescent	Potassium auricyanide, 2KAu(CN) 4.3H 2 O, is obtained as large, colourless, efflorescent tablets by crystallizing concentrated solutions of auric chloride and potassium cyanide.
efficacy	He was a firm believer in the efficacy of culture.
effluvia	The wind from the north-west, known as the cers, blows with great violence, and the sea-breeze is often laden with pestilential effluvia from the lagoons.
effluent	The clear effluent flows into the Thames, and the sludge is taken 50 m.
efficiently	I keep a planner so that I can manage my time efficiently.
effluvium	I think perhaps that a poisonous effluvium is emitted from the luminous substance.
effluence	His discussion of the Trinity has some points of speculative interest, but it is not sufficiently worked out; he regards the Son as the Reason or Wisdom of the Father, and the Spirit as a divine effluence.
effort	I admire the effort and sacrifice you put into it.
efflux	Here the divine will is viewed as an efflux from the divine wisdom, as the intermediate link between God, the first substance, and all things, and as the fountain out of which all forms emanate.
effigy	John preached a platonic crusade against Louis, who burned the pope's effigy at Pisa and in Amelia.
effluxion	The affairs of the province are in the hands of a provincial council, elected for three years and not subject to dissolution save by effluxion of time.
effusive	Three people love the way Alistair performed, perhaps rather too effusive in their praise.
effortlessly	Imagine your image playing the clave smoothly, effortlessly, accurately.
effortless	Jessi gasped at the effortless display of power.
effrontery	He has the effrontery to accuse Kant of barbarous jargon.
eft	Deposits can be easily made through ACH, EFT and wire transfers.
effusion	A large effusion of the knee will be obvious.
egalitarian	My generation has been and remains obsessed with the problems of identity and with finding an egalitarian and just social system.
efl	J.K. Rowling, author of the Harry Potter series, worked as an EFL teacher at a private school in Portugal while writing her first book.
egg	The egg popped grease and she jumped back.
effusively	Arago, who, while his revocation was being plotted by the council of ministers, procured him an invitation to dine at the Palais Royale, where he was openly and effusively received by the citizen king, who remembered him.
ega	Bates, who found 7000 species of insects in the vicinity of only one of his collecting places on the Amazon (Ega), of which 550 species were of butterflies.
eggshell	I too have brown eyes and my signature look is to use a shimmery cream or eggshell for the entire eyelid first, then blend a dark brown or plum in the crease.
efficiency	In order to operate at maximum efficiency, we must integrate our plans with theirs.
egocentric	Toddlers' egocentric and demanding behavior, often marked by temper tantrums and negativism, has given this period a negative reputation.
eggless	Vegans who appreciate indulgent breakfast foods need to find a few good eggless pancake recipes to keep in their arsenals.
egocentrism	Cognitively, the child grows from egocentrism in early childhood to more mature thinking.
egoist	The egoist and the altruist are both imperfect.
egotism	Henry's egotism was profound, and personal motives underlay his public action.
egoistic	Thus Christian ethics may be said to insist equally on duty to self and duty to others, while crudely egoistic systems become unworkable if a man renders himself obnoxious to his fellows.
ego	There is no reality beyond the ego itself.
egotistical	My uncle's hubris caused him to be an egotistical and cruel man.
egregious	Egregious errors were caused by the tablet's failure to check spelling.
egotistic	Young, emotional, impressionable, well-meaning and egotistic, Alexander displayed from the first an intention of playing a great part on the world's stage, and plunged with all the ardour of youth into the task of realizing his political ideals.
egoism	As a matter of fact, however, egoism has been no less prominent in intuitional ethics.
egotist	Unfortunately Tamas Bak6cz, her leading diplomatist from 1 499 to 1521, was as much an egotist as the other magnates, and he sacrificed the political interests of Hungary entirely to personal considerations.
egret	In addition, numerous pelican, egret, and blue heron sightings occur during the summer months.
egress	There are no locks on the doors or windows, and only one route of egress in the case of an emergency.
egyptologist	It was the work of Amenemhe III., of the 12th dynasty, who lived about 2300 B.C. It was first located by the Egyptologist Lepsius to the north of Hawara in the Fayum, and (in 1888) Flinders Petrie discovered its foundation, the extent of which is about l000 ft.
eiderdown	The principal native products exported are live sheep, horses, salt meat, wool and hides, to which must be added the fish products - cod, train-oil, herring and salmon - eiderdown and woollen wares.
egyptology	His eldest son, Eilhard Ernst Gustav, born at Berlin on the 1st of August 1852, became professor of physics at Erlangen in 1886, and his younger son, Alfred, born at Berlin on the 18th of July 1856, was appointed to the extraordinary professorship of Egyptology at Bonn in 1892.
eidolon	You may play an eidolon who is not the soul bound ally of any theurgist.
eigenvalue	We have also shown that the eigenvalue classification scheme of [1] cannot be used to directly classify the codimension-two bifurcations.
eh	You also MUST have a PC connected by wire to log onto the server, cool safety feature eh?
eighteenth	Christina assumed the sceptre in her eighteenth year (Dec. 8, 1644).
eider	Immediately after his coronation, he hastened to his newly won territories, accompanied by the principal civil and ecclesiastical dignitaries of Denmark, and was solemnly acknowledged lord of Northalbingia (the district lying between the Eider and the Elbe) at Lubeck, Otto IV., then in difficulties, voluntarily relinquishing all German territory north of the Elbe to Valdemar, who in return recognized Otto as German emperor.
eightfold	Buddha replies by explaining to them the principles of his new gospel, in the form of noble truths, and the Noble Eightfold Path (see Buddhism).
egyptian	Again, the heretical Egyptian king Amenophis IV.
eightieth	In a series of letters, De sedibus et causis morborum per anatomen indagatis, published when he was in his eightieth year, he describes the appearances met with at the post mortem examination as well as the symptoms during life in a number of cases of various diseases.
eighty	He has lived more than eighty years.
either	Either situation might be the case.
ejaculate	Leave a small reservoir at the end of the condom for ejaculate.
eighth	From Mohl down to the eighth decade of the century the study of anatomy was entirely in the hands of a group of German.
ejaculation	There is evidence that drugs that stimulate or increase the levels of GABA in the brain may delay ejaculation.
ejaculatory	On the other hand, the ejaculatory duct with its verticillate sac in the male of Cypris and other genera is a feature scarcely less remarkable.
eject	Insert and eject the disk a couple of times.
eight	It was already nearing eight o'clock.
ejecta	Only bodies 1km diameter actually impact, and the dispersion of secondary ejecta is suppressed.
eke	Pensioners are forced to retire and then eke out a miserable living.
eking	During the first half of the 19th century wholesale clearances had been effected in many districts, and the crofters were compelled either to emigrate or to crowd into areas already congested, where, eking out a precarious living by following the fisheries, they led a hard and miserable existence.
ejection	The letter in question was occasioned by a dispute in the church of Corinth, which had led to the ejection of several presbyters from their office.
ejectment	The law as to Ejectment is dealt with under that heading.
ejector	The heavy sparks are projected from the tubes in straight lines and are caught by the louvres L, L, L, and by them deflected downwards to the bottom of the smoke-box, where they collect in a heap in the space D round a tube which is essentially an ejector.
elaborateness	These two oracles agree in the elaborateness of their description of the fearful fate of the enemies of Yahweh (Babylon and Edom are merely representatives of a class), and also in their view of the deliverance and restoration of Israel as an epoch for the whole human race.
eighteen	Brandon is eighteen, and Ashley will be soon.
elaboration	The decoration of mitres was characterized by increasing elaboration as time went on.
elaborative	Now synthesis was explicable neither by reference to pure thought, the logical or elaborative faculty, which in Kant's view remained analytic in function, nor by reference to the effects of external real things upon our faculties of cognition.
elapse	Probably several months elapse before the young larvae are excluded.
eland	There are few wild animals; but the eland, hartebeest and smaller antelopes are found, as well as the leopard and the jackal.
elaborate	They wore elaborate costumes.
el	Meanwhile, however divided in opinion as to his political conduct, his countrymen were practically unanimous in admiring his dramatic work; and his reputation, if it gained little by El Nuevo Don Juan, was greatly increased by El Tanto por Ciento and El Tejado de Vidrio.
elaborately	The interior is elaborately decorated.
elated	None the less, we were elated at the detail he'd gathered.
elastomer	The simplest variation is to use an elastomer lined bore which is an interference fit on the disk.
elation	His elation increased at the sight of the little girl he had saved.
elasticated	An elasticated cloth armband, issued to a marshal at the meeting.
eld	Finally, we have the thamin, or Eld's deer, C. (R.) eldi, ranging from Burma to Siam, and characterized by the continuous curve formed by the beam and the brow-tine of the antlers.
elderly	The elderly woman stood in her doorway and waved.
elasticity	Referring the reader to the article Elasticity for the theoretical and to the Strength Of Materials far the practical aspects of this subject, we give here a table of the modulus of elasticity, E (column 2), for millimetre and kilogramme.
elastic	The threads used in making elastic webbing are usually cut from spread sheets.
elderberry	Sweet, juicy, and great for cooking or snacking, find elderberry near forests or woodlands.
eldership	It was here and now that divergent ideals as to the powers of the eldership really emerged.
elbow	He rose up on one elbow and frowned.
elecampane	It contains elecampane root to open up the lungs, and slippery elm to coat that scratchy throat.
electioneering	He also dealt with the questions of stock-jobbing and of electioneering corruption.
eleaticism	The silence of the extant fragments, which have not one word about the unity of Being, favours the one view; the voice of antiquity, which proclaims Xenophanes the founder of Eleaticism, has been thought to favour the other.
elder	When she entered again, the elder of the two cousins was putting stuff in the fridge.
elect	They therefore elect elders, who expound the Scriptures, baptize and hear confessions.
elective	The system of local self-government is continued, so far as the 34 governments of old Russia are concerned, 6 in the elective district and provincial assemblies (zemstvos).
electorate	Down to 1893 the electorate was exceedingly small.
electress	Towards the end of the 15th century it passed to Brandenburg, and, in 1684, after a great conflagration which laid it in ruins, was handsomely rebuilt by the electress Dorothea.
electrician	A properly qualified electrician may be able to advise you about linking smoke alarms.
election	The election is weeks off.
eldest	His eldest brother appeared less frustrated than normal.
electrical	We're in the middle of an electrical storm.
electrification	If then the ball be withdrawn, the leaves will diverge a second time with negative electrification.
electoral	The electoral vote was not counted in 1864 and 1868.
electrify	With its cream white base and no less than ten available border colors, this bikini is guaranteed to electrify.
electrocardiogram	An electrocardiogram will typically be done to check for heart muscle damage.
electrocute	Now lets just hope I do n't electrocute myself live onstage.
electrochemistry	Several journals are published specially to deal with physical chemistry, of which electrochemistry forms an important part.
electrochemical	The radical theory, essentially dualistic in nature in view of its similarity to the electrochemical theory of Berzelius, was destined to succumb to a unitary theory.
electrocardiograph	It is like a continuous electrocardiograph, ECG, recording.
elector	Thenceforward the elector of Trier held the third place in the electoral college.
electrocution	Capital punishment is by electrocution.
electrode	The smaller cylinder is generally the negative electrode on which the copper is deposited.
electrodynamometer	The term is generally applied to describe a particular form of electrodynamometer, consisting of a fixed coil of wire and an embracing or neighbouring coil of wire suspended so as to be movable.
electrodynamic	Now the electric force (P,Q,R) is the force acting on the electrons of the medium moving with velocity v; consequently by Faraday's electrodynamic law (P,Q,R) = (P',Q' - vc, R'+vb) where (P',Q',R') is the force that would act on electrons at rest, and (a,b,c) is the magnetic induction.
electric	I paid the electric and water bill this week.
electroencephalography	Medical tests that may be performed to rule out other medical conditions include electroencephalography, MRI, and blood tests.
electroencephalogram	An electroencephalogram (EEG) that records electrical activity in the brain is normal in all forms of BHS, whereas it may be abnormal with epilepsy.
electrodynamics	But in the transition from molecular theory to the electrodynamics of extended media, all magnetism has to be replaced by a distribution of current; the latter being now specified by volume as well as by flow so that (u,v,w) ST is the current in the element of volume 6T.
electricity	After a century, electricity was still being generated.
electrokinetic	Voltmeters may be divided into two classes, (a) electrostatic, (b) electrokinetic.
electrolytic	In light Kundt's name is widely known for his inquiries in anomalous dispersion, not only in liquids and vapours, but even in metals, which he obtained in very thin films by means of a laborious process of electrolytic deposition upon platinized glass.
electrograph	During thunderstorms the record from an electrograph shows large sudden excursions, the trace usually going off the sheet with every flash of.
electrolyse	One of the first discoveries made with it was its power to electrolyse or chemically decompose certain solutions.
electrokinetics	The two great branches of electrical theory which concern the phenomena of electricity at rest, or frictional or static electricity, and of electricity in motion, or electric currents, are treated in two separate articles, Electrostatics and Electrokinetics.
electromagnetic	The air was charged by the activated electromagnetic field surrounding the compound.
electrolytically	In cold galvanizing the zinc is deposited electrolytically from a bath, preferably kept neutral or slightly acid, containing a io% solution of crystallized zinc sulphate, ZnSO 4.7H20.
electromagnetism	Firstly, he brought about the final consolidation of electricity and magnetism into a single self-consistent theory of electromagnetism.
electrolysis	Electrolysis of a solution in hydrofluoric acid gives cobaltic fluoride, CoF3.
electrolyte	Furthermore his electrochemical investigations, and particularly his discovery of the important law of electrolysis, that the movement of a certain quantity of electricity through an electrolyte is always accompanied by the transfer of a certain definite quantity of matter from one electrode to another and the liberation at these electrodes of an equivalent weight of the ions, gave foundation for the idea of a definite atomic charge of electricity.
electrometallurgy	Here he met with greater difficulty, and it is to be questioned whether he obtained any of these metals even in an approximately pure form (see Electrometallurgy).
electromagnet	To increase the power of your electromagnet, use a stronger battery.
electronic	The electronic equipment had disappeared as well.
electromyogram	Nerve conduction studies and an electromyogram (EMG) are usually performed together to provide a comprehensive assessment of nerve and muscle function.
electronegative	In other words, as you go down the Group, the elements become less electronegative.
electromyography	Antecedent poliomyelitis was demonstrated in all patients by electromyography or muscle biopsy or both.
electrometer	An electrometer is an instrument for measuring difference of potential, which operates by means of electrostatic force and gives the measurement either in arbitrary or in absolute units.
electron	Electron transfer through proteins (e.g. cytochrome c ).
electrophoresis	The different forms of the plasmid are then separated by gel electrophoresis.
electrophorus	The first suggestion for a machine of the above kind seems to have grown out of the invention of Volta's electrophorus.
electroplating	The base of the cooler has a polished nickel electroplating around a solid copper foot allowing for superior contact with the CPU.
electromotive	The electromotive force of each cell is 2.14 volts, and the resistance 4.
electronics	I dug this out of a box of electronics upstairs and programmed it to be your new phone.
electrophysiology	A number of techniques are used including patch clamp electrophysiology, video and fluorescence imaging.
electroscope	The electroscope was used in conjunction with an oil lamp or gas flame.
electroscopic	Hence if the electrified sealing-wax rod makes the leaves collapse, the electroscopic charge is positive, but if the glass rod does the same, the electroscopic charge is negative.
electrostatic	In the Nalder ohmmeter the electrostatic principle is employed.
electrostatics	Electrostatics and Magnetism, p. 236.
electrothermal	Electrothermal processes are also employed.
elegant	And then he stepped forward, looking elegant in a dark tuxedo.
elegiac	The composition of didactic, lyrical and elegiac poetry also was the accomplishment and pastime of an educated dilettante class, the only extant specimens of any interest being some of the Silvae of Statius.
electrotype	Rotary machines, printing from an endless web of paper from curved stereotype or electrotype plates, principally used XXII.
electrum	The sun was associated with gold, the moon with silver, Jupiter with electrum, Saturn with lead, Venus with copper, and so on, while the continued influence of astrological motives is to be seen in the association of quicksilver, upon its discovery at a comparatively late period, with Mercury, because of its changeable character as a solid and a liquid.
eleemosynary	They are engaged principally in educational and eleemosynary work, and the development in such institutions is considerable.
element	We need each element present.
elegy	An elegy on his death was published by William Tasker, poet and physiognomist, in the same year.
elegiacs	In the matter of the rhythms, caesuras and elisions which it allows, the metrical treatment is much more severe than that of Catullus, whose elegiacs are comparatively rude and barbarous; but it is not bound hand and foot, like the Ovidian distich, in a formal and conventional system.
elementary	The elementary education of the convicts' children is compulsory.
elemental	This elemental fire is in itself a divine rational process, the harmony of which constitutes the law of the universe.
elegantly	The officer on duty was a handsome, elegantly dressed man with a diamond ring on his forefinger.
elemi	Balsam of Tolu, produced by Myroxylon toluiferum, a native of Venezuela and New Granada; balsam of Peru, derived from Myroxylon Pereirae, a native of San Salvador in Central America; Mexican and Brazilian elemi, produced by various species of Icica or incense trees, and the liquid exudation of an American species of Liquidambar, are all used as incense in America.
elephantine	It is now known to have existed in Aramaic as far back as the 5th century B.C., appearing on Jewish papyri which were lately discovered by the German mission to Elephantine.'
elegance	She shrugged with as much elegance as she could muster, and eyed him with deliberate interest.
elephantiasis	In other cases very serious disorders of the lymphatic system are brought about, of which the most marked is perhaps Elephantiasis.
elenchus	He then spent some time in Holland, and the results of his investigations appeared at the Hague in 1766 in his Elenchus Zoophytorum and Miscellanea Zoologica, and in1767-1804in his Spicilegia Zoologica (Berlin).
elevator	Deidre left the elevator and went to her apartment.
elevatory	On still other parts of the coast a recent small elevatory movement has exposed part of the former sea bottom in a narrow coastal plain, of which some typical harbourless examples are found in Oregon.
elephant	The appearance of the Asiatic elephant is familiar to all.
elevate	It made her heartbeat elevate, her body sweat.
elevating	This is effected by slinging the load to an eye or Lifting hook, and elevating the hook vertically.
eleventh	But subsequently to its adoption, the year always commenced with the eleventh day of the moon which followed the solstice.
elicit	It is important to elicit a suitable response from the children for each assembly.
elfin	Her pink hair was up in a bun that revealed the delicate cut of her elfin features.
eligibility	There are specific eligibility requirements.
eligible	All electors are eligible to the assembly.
elevated	Worry, but no elevated level of distress crossed her features.
elf	With his small frame and bright eyes, he'd always reminded her of an elf of some sort.
elevation	With the town's elevation near eight thousand feet, plenty of snow was to be expected.
eliminator	Spray the inside of the camisole with an odor eliminator designed for clothing.
eleven	At eleven we have gymnastics.
elision	While getting the order and the elision right in the simple phrase je t'aime is complicated, modifying the phrase with 'always' is as simple as tagging the French word for 'always' onto the phrase je t'aime.
eliminative	In old days free elimination by these channels was looked upon as a sign of returning health, and was termed a critical diuresis, diarrhoea or sweating, according to the channel through which the eliminative act had occurred.
elixir	You have invented an elixir not of memory, but of reminding.
elitism	The joint venture underlines the commitment of the Welsh Golfing Union to dispel elitism and strengthen the sport in the less traditional strongholds.
ell	Cloth ell of 45 in., used till 1600.
ellipsis	Many sentences begin with a when or on the day when which seems to hover in the air, so that the commentators are driven to supply a think of this or some such ellipsis.
elimination	Should I not fund elimination of the present strain?
ellipses	Hence the locus of J relative to AB, and the locus relative to CD are equal ellipses of which A, B and C, D are respectively the foci.
elk	Across the field, two elk grazed on the hill below the tree line.
ellipse	It is the envelope of circles described on the central radii of an ellipse as diameters.
elliptically	In conformity with the form of the path, the light is said to be elliptically polarized, rightor left-handedly as the case may be, and the axes of the elliptic path are determined by the planes of maximum and minimum polarization of the light.
elite	Even an elite, advanced society as Romas's had technical difficulties.
ellipsoidal	It can be shown that uniform magnetization is possible only when the form of the body is ellipsoidal.
elizabethan	Around 1600, the Elizabethan Poor Law came into effect and lasted more than two centuries.
elocution	I need more training in order to improve my elocution.
elliptical	A ring tube of elliptical section is thus formed.
eliminate	His purpose is to eliminate the common idea of divine interference.
elongate	The larvae are elongate and worm-like, with short legs but often with hard strong cuticle.
elope	A wedding abroad is also an excellent way to elope.
ellipsoid	In this he showed that a homogeneous fluid mass revolving uniformly round an axis under the action of gravity ought to assume the form of an ellipsoid of revolution.
elliptic	He was also the author of important papers in which he extended to complex quadratic forms many of Gauss's investigations relating to real quadratic forms. After 1864 he devoted himself chiefly to elliptic functions, and numerous papers on this subject were published by him in the Proc. Lond.
eloquence	His eloquence had a great hold upon the masses.
eloquent	His speeches in the chamber were always eloquent and powerful.
eloquently	Many spoke eloquently and with originality.
eloge	The best account of the life and writings of Alembert is contained in Condorcet's Eloge, presented to the Academy and published in 1784.
elsewhere	If you want to use it elsewhere, do so.
elucidate	He gave himself out as an angel sent from God to elucidate the prophecies.
elongation	Unlike the giraffe, the length of the limbs is due to the elongation of their upper segments, and that of the neck to the lengthening of only the hinder vertebrae.
elopement	Ideally, elopement wedding announcements should be sent within two weeks after the event has taken place.
elusive	She wanted something as elusive as the scent.
elucidation	Chemistry and physics, however, meet on common ground in a well-defined branch of science, named physical chemistry, which is primarily concerned with the correlation of physical properties and chemical composition, and, more generally, with the elucidation of natural phenomena on the molecular theory.
elm	The elm is also scarce.
elude	The enemy's fleet, which subsequently did not let a single boat pass, allows his entire army to elude it.
elvish	All eight members of the Fellowship of the Ring from Lord of the Rings sports a tattoo in Elvish, including Ian McEllan.
elves	Elves wear red and green outfits and have pointy ears.
elysium	Indeed, fresh pork was one of the inducements held out to visitors to the Irish Elysium.
elytron	Sometimes the glands are found beneath the disk of the elytron, opening by pores on the surface.
email	My email address is in there, too.
elytra	When wings are present, the fore-wings are small firm elytra, beneath which the delicate hind-wings are complexly folded.
em	The history of the university has been written by Lorenzo Isnardi, and continued by Em.
else	Someone else carries this baby for you.
elzevir	Next year (1650) appeared, also through Elzevir, the work by which he is best known, his Geographia Generalis, in which he endeavoured to lay down the general principles of the subject on a wide scientific basis, according to the knowledge of his day.
emaciated	His emaciated young face, disfigured by the half-shaven head, hung down hopelessly.
emaciation	His eyes, prominent from the emaciation of his face, gazed inquiringly at his comrades who were paying no attention to him, and he moaned regularly and quietly.
emanate	Joy seemed to emanate from her.
emanation	The doctrine of emanation is correctly described as of oriental origin.
emancipate	His attempt to emancipate himself from the control of the coalition at the general elections of Oct.
emarginate	The tongue, for example, is short and obtuse or emarginate in Colletes and Prosopis, while in all other bees it is pointed at the tip. But in Andrena and its allies it is comparatively short, while in the higher genera, such as A pis and Bombus, it is elongate and flexible, forming a most elaborate and perfect organ for taking liquid food.
emasculated	Protestants, in rejecting the sacrifice of the mass, deny also that there is a Christian priesthood like the Levitical, and have either dropped the name of priest or use it in a quite emasculated sense.
embankment	She finally reached the bottom of the embankment and fell headlong into a bunch of blackberry bushes.
emancipation	This was changed in consequence of the emancipation of the serfs.
embalmment	Other subjects on which he published papers were the inflammation of turpentine and other essential oils by nitric acid, and the methods of embalmment practised by the Egyptians.
embarking	He was entrusted with the duty of embarking the fugitives when the town was evacuated.
embarrassed	There's nothing to be embarrassed about.
embarcadero	The Embarcadero Center at the east end of California Street has blocks of shops and restaurants under the complex of high rise office buildings.
embarrassing	This is embarrassing, but I really need the money for gro­ceries.
embargo	Within five hours the Senate had passed the Embargo Bill and sent it to the House.
embarrass	You'd just embarrass the poor guy.
embarcation	Throughout Plantagenet times it formed the chief point of embarcation for Ireland.
embarkation	Hamburg is one of the principal continental ports for the embarkation of emigrants.
embarrassingly	The answer is embarrassingly simple, and they don't even seem ashamed of it.
embark	The general situation offered them no inducements to embark on fresh offensives.
embedding	Lyapunov exponents for the same vowel shown as a function of embedding dimension.
embed	We embed the jagged side into the ice above us and pull ourselves up.
embellish	Urban did much to embellish the city.
embellishment	His work was overloaded with rhetorical embellishment, which he was the first to introduce into Roman history.
embarrassment	They talk to me without embarrassment or awkwardness.
embayment	The extension of a trough or basin penetrating the land or an elevation is termed an embayment when wide, and a gully when long and narrow; and the deepest part of a depression is termed a deep.
embitter	Many circumstances concurred to embitter the latter years of his life.
embezzlement	The law student now had a secure job with the firm and any future episodes of embezzlement had been discouraged.
ember	From Rome the Ember days gradually spread through the whole of Western Christendom.
embodiment	Jesus Christ is the complete embodiment of this ideal, in life and in death.
embassy	Valenzuela succeeded in getting the embassy exchanged for the governorship of Granada.
emblem	It was a national emblem, the test of religion and patriotism.
emblematic	They are distinguished by the wearing of a white turban, emblematic of the purity of their life.
embolden	It will embolden those who are trying to thwart the ambitions of reformers.
embolic	The pre-test probability of pulmonary embolic disease should be determined.
embody	On the great day of atonement the high priest appears in a vicarious and representative capacity, and offers on behalf of the whole nation which he was considered to embody in his sacred person.
embolus	Such injuries are apt to occur in syphilitic endarteritis, or senile arterial decay, whereby an artery may be blocked permanently, as if with an embolus, and the area supplied by it, in so far as it was dependent upon this vessel, deprived of nutrition.
embolismic	The lunations are supposed to consist of twenty-nine and thirty days alternately, or the lunar year of 354 days; and in order to make up nineteen solar years, six embolismic or intercalary months, of thirty days each, are introduced in the course of the cycle, and one of twenty-nine days is added at the end.
embosomed	Water is plentiful in the Elburz, and situated in well-watered valleys and gorges are innumerable flourishing villages, embosomed in gardens and orchards, with extensive cultivated fields and meadows, and at higher altitudes small plateaus, under snow until March or April, afford cool camping grounds to the nomads of the plains, and luxuriant grazing to their sheep and cattle during the summer.
embolism	To the discovery of the parts played in disease by thrombosis and embolism we have referred above.
embedded	At least they're embedded in rock.
emboss	You may even want to emboss the snowflakes.
embouchure	Those which are higher require a particularly good embouchure.
embroider	Many companies that embroider custom uniform shirts outsource this part of the process.
embryo	After fertilization the female cell, now called the oospore, divides and part of it develops into the embryo (new sporophyte), which remains dormant for a time still protected by the ovule which has developed to become the seed.
embroiderer	Formerly the embroiderer was content to produce a pattern with his needle, now he paints a picture.
embroil	They never undarstood one another, and never consulted together in hours of danger, save to embroil matters in politics as in war.
embroidering	They are sharp, medium-length hand needles used primarily for embroidering.
embryologist	In 1866 the Russian embryologist Kowalewsky startled the zoological world with a minute account of the developmental changes of Ascidia, one of the Tunicata, 5 and it became evident that the affinities of that class were with the Vertebrata, whilst their structural agreements with Mollusca were only superficial.
embryology	The embryology of insects is entirely a study of the last century.
embryologically	Diprosthomerous in the adult condition, though embryologically the appendages of somite II and the somite itself are, as here drawn, not actually in front of the mouth.
embroidery	The manufactures consist of weaving, embroidery, gold and silver work, shell-carving and pottery.
emcee	You may also need to be an emcee, referee or other moderator for various games.
embryonic	Here too they disappear during embryonic life.
emend	In 1891, with the object of getting the total duration of the dynasties to agree with the chronological system of Berossus and with the statement of Nabonidus concerning Khammurabi's date, Peiser proposed to emend the figure given by the Kings' List for the length of Dynasty III.
emeritus	On retirement Weill will be given the honorary title of chairman emeritus.
emergent	Hence one of the best methods of determining the magnifying power of a telescope to measure the diameter of the emergent pencil of rays, after the FIG.
emendation	In 1901 Hommel abandoned Peiser's emendation and suggested two alternative schemes.
embrace	His embrace was warm and exciting.
emesis	Risk Factors All predicative characteristics for acute emesis should be considered a risk factor for delayed.
emerald	His eyes went from emerald to tanzanite again.
emergence	It also saw the emergence of many new trends that have not been seen before.
emery	Other minerals are emery, limestone and quartz.
emetic	As regards treatment, the stomach must be washed out with warm water by means of a soft rubber tube, an emetic being also administered.
emf	In fact any domestic appliance, which uses electricity, from a fridge to a vacuum cleaner, will generate an EMF.
emergency	I had an emergency call.
emigrate	Many now emigrate, when occasion offers, to America.
emeu	The group from the resemblance of its palatal characters to those of the Emeu, Dromaeus, he called Dromaeognathae, but it is now more usual to place them in a separate order, the Tinamiformes.
emissary	On the day of the birth of his daughter, the king's life had been attempted by Eomer, an emissary of Cwichelm, king of Wessex.
emission	Each molecule need not radiate with increased energy, but the more brilliant emission of light may be due to the greater number of particles forming similar vibrating systems.
emirate	Their most southerly emirate is Adamawa, the country on both sides of the upper Benue.
emigration	The marquis fled abroad with his second son Louis at the time of the emigration of the nobles.
emit	Bright meteors often emit the bluish-white light suggestive of burning magnesium.
emigrant	In 1854 he had come to Kansas as an agent of the Emigrant Aid Company.
emerge	She waited, but he didn't emerge again.
emir	A new emir was appointed, but he died within a few months.
eminence	People with eminence are highly regarded in their respective fields.
emitter	The planet became the intense emitter of radio waves - the total outputs from all TVs, cell-phones and radar transmissions.
emissivity	The windows and rooflights are softwood frame with double glazed argon filled low emissivity glass.
emolument	Two years later he was appointed physician to Queen Elizabeth, with the usual emolument of £too a year.
emollient	Rose petals add fragrance and acts as an emollient.
eminent	It has an old town hall, a theatre and several statues of eminent men.
emotionalism	Thus it encouraged an unrestrained emotionalism, rank superstition, an unhealthy asceticism, and the employment of artificial means to induce the ecstatic state.
emmet	Emmet went to Paris in October 1802, where he had an interview with Bonaparte which convinced him that the peace of Amiens would be of short duration and that a French invasion of England might be looked for in August 1803.
emotionless	Cora said nothing, her features emotionless and eyes roving for threats.
emotive	It was an extremely emotive experience to say the least.
emoticon	You can also add an emoticon to your message.
empathy	She'd been incapable of empathy or remorse.
empathetic	Camp nurses must be empathetic and often need to console unhappy or ill campers.
emotionality	Both love and hate are, in my experience relatively scarce emotions among the whole gamut of human emotionality.
emphasize	To emphasize his words, he lifted her hand and placed it over his heart.
emphatic	Robert Emmet's insurrection (1803) was the first emphatic protest.
emotion	Human emotion could only complicate that.
emphysema	The FDA recommends that people with emphysema, chronic bronchitis, glaucoma, or difficulty urinating due to an enlarged prostate do not use OTC drugs for motion sickness unless directed by their doctor.
emotional	We have understandable emotional responses to all these situations.
empire	He was the ruler of the empire.
emphatically	Everyone waited, so emphatically and eagerly did he demand their attention to his story.
emphyteusis	The property could now be disposed of like the other property of the domain; and except in Sicily, where the system of emphyteusis was adopted, the church lands began to be sold by auction.
empiricism	This is as far removed as possible either from dualism or from empiricism.
empiric	The initial treatment of enterobacterial diarrhea is usually empiric.
empiricist	Difficulty may be found in carrying out this empiricist programme; but at the outset no one dreams of failure.
empirically	Remarkable as Hellriegel's discovery was, it merely furnished the explanation of a fact which had been empirically established by the husbandman long before, and had received most intelligent application when the old four-course (or Norfolk) rotation was devised.
emphasis	There was an emphasis on student participation.
emplacement	He heard the distant movement as attackers neared, the adjustment of the men's emplacement, even the loading of arrows and stretching of bows.
employee	The employee turned to her and waved her through.
emperor	The Emperor interrupted him.
employer	He's my employer, nothing else.
empirical	Thus we acquire a bodyof empirical generalizations as to social phenomena, and then we connect the generalizations with the positive theory of human nature.
employability	In return the student volunteers gain vital skills and experiences which can be academically accredited to enhance future employability.
employable	Young people who had developed these skills would be highly employable.
empower	We can empower people to feed themselves.
emprise	The true-born children of the lyre high emprise of the soul can never tire.
empty	My house was not empty though I was gone.
emporium	It is a steamship station and an important emporium of the salt and corn trade.
emptiness	It did little to fill the emptiness within her.
empowerment	We believe strongly in the empowerment of women.
emptying	On the west side, however, there are the remains of several canals or channels, some still carrying water, one of which, the Shattel-Hai, leaving the Tigris at Kut-el-Amara, and emptying into the Euphrates at Nasrieh, is still navigable.
emulate	We tried to emulate what we had seen in the morning.
emulation	The work exhibiting this fantastic emulation of extravagance with genius was dedicated to James I.
emu	Children's boots are available within the EMU line, too.
employ	Another version makes him employ one Manole or Manoli as architect.
empyreumatic	The latter was much used by the Greeks for making images; and its empyreumatic oil, Huile de Cade, is used medicinally for skin-diseases.
ems	Ems is largely frequented in the summer months by visitors from all parts of the world - the numbers amounting to about I i,000 annually - and many handsome villas have been erected for their accommodation.
emulator	The code is currently at beta... asp - amiga SPectrum emulator aSp is a Sinclair ZX Spectrum Emulator for the amiga.
emulous	Never before, since the age of Margaret, had Denmark been so well governed, never before had she possessed so many political celebrities nobly emulous for the common good.
employment	Call the employment office.
emulsion	It is, like milk, an emulsion, and when examined with the microscope is seen to consist of numerous globules suspended in a watery fluid.
enable	I'll ride over on horseback to enable a quick escape if needed, she insisted.
emulsifier	It adds a silky texture, and acts as an emulsifier, or thickening agent.
enabling	This pumping action results in an extremely rapid circulation of the heating agent, enabling long distances to be traversed without much loss of heat.
empress	The Empress' chamberlain invited him to see Her Majesty.
emulsify	Swirling the ingredients should blend and chill them nicely, but some people may prefer to emulsify the ingredients by shaking.
enact	Maine was the first state in the Union to enact a law for prohibiting the sale of intoxicating liquors.
enamoured	Here Aphrodite met him and, enamoured of his beauty, bore him Aeneas.
enactment	Apart from gardens and house-property,, all land was, according to this enactment, owned by the state;.
enamel	Their enamel covering is confined to the apex, and soon wears away.
en	He had much territory to occupy, and in the long march of on an average 85 days, he considered that they could be organized, equipped and drilled en route.
encapsulation	Encapsulation bras are best for D and DD cups.
encamp	Battle - The Trojans encamp on the field.
encapsulated	Life's fragility and brevity was beautifully encapsulated by the 100 ticking metronomes in the opening Poeme Symphonique by Ligeti.
encase	If it doesn't completely encase the butter, then stretch the dough a bit.
encaustic	Within are some admirable specimens of encaustic tiles, and several monuments of the Vernon and Manners families; while an ancient runic roodstone stands in the churchyard.
encephalitis	Eastern equine encephalitis occurs in eastern and southeastern United States; western equine and California encephalitis occur throughout the West; and St. Louis encephalitis occurs throughout the country.
encampment	As they entered the Indian encampment, hostile black eyes turned to follow them.
enceinte	The size of the city was diminished by the retrenchment of nearly one-third at the northern end, which brought the enceinte more nearly to a square form.
encephalomyelitis	Researchers have learned a lot about MS through a disease called experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis.
enchanting	Such an enchanting smile.
enchant	Brown eyes can enchant while evoking mystery.
enchantress	Enchantress, say, to my forsaken lyre What magic power is this recalls me still?
enchantment	The intimacy was renewed; but the old enchantment was lost.
enchanter	Species such as dog's mercury, enchanter's nightshade, hedge woundwort and sanicle can also be found.
enchiridion	But we may supply this deficiency from the Enchiridion Ethicum of Henry More, another thinker of the same school.
encephalopathy	The lack of impairment in neurologically asymptomatic patients suggests that the cognitive deficits are caused by direct cerebral involvement rather than hepatic encephalopathy.
enclave	With the exception of the enclave of Kabinda the province lies wholly south of the river Congo.
encircle	She stepped forward, lifting her arms to encircle his neck.
encode	There are at least 28 genes in humans that encode at least 19 different types of collagen.
encoder	Now when the remote sends a code, it also sends a new code using an encoder.
enclose	Hills nearly enclose the city, protecting it from the ocean fogs.
encoding	The process of encoding information for transmission is called modulation and the subsequent information retrieval is called demodulation.
encomium	The little that is known of him is to be found in his letters and the encomium by his pupil and successor Choricius.
encircling	He nodded and leaned down, encircling the goat's legs with his arms.
encore	Every musician's dream is to one day have a crowd cheer for an encore.
encourage	I think you will not encourage him.
encompass	She knelt in front of him and stood on her knees, lifting her arms to encompass his neck.
encourager	They came originally from Britain, and Ursula was the conductor and encourager of the holy troop.
encroach	The marshes encroach most upon the parishes of St Charles, Orleans and Plaquemines.
encroachment	The peninsula is much exposed to encroachment by the sea.
encouragement	You took that as encouragement, didn't you?
encrust	A very superior kind, obtained by allowing the juice to encrust pieces of wood or straws inserted in the cuts, is called manna a cannolo.
encrypt	Make sure you encrypt it and/or secure it with a password.
encounter	The encounter had frightened him more than he would admit.
encryption	It integrates with many other desktop image and video programs such as iPhoto and adds in security features such as encryption.
encumber	The greatest variety of episodical matter is thus introduced; but the propriety of the occasion and the mode of introduction are such that no complaint can be made; the episodes never entangle, encumber or even unpleasantly interrupt the main narrative.
encumbrance	A lien is an encumbrance put on a property to secure the payment of a debt.
enclosure	Another smaller enclosure lies to the east with a gateway also of the Roman period.
encouraging	When he spoke, he had encouraging news on another matter.
encyclopaedia	His Encyclopaedia article, Probability, was published separately.
encrusted	The walls, both internally and externally, are encrusted with marbles.
encyclopaedic	Two encyclopaedic treatises, dealing with philosophy, are often mentioned.
encyclical	The encyclical letters of the Roman Catholic Church are epistles, even more so than bulls, which are usually more special in their destination.
encyclopedic	Between 1755 and 1756 he composed various articles for the Encyclopedic, and between 1757 and 1760 an article on Valeurs et monnaies, probably for the Dictionnaire du commerce of the abbe Morellet.
end	In the end, there was no choice.
endanger	She couldn't endanger these people.
endarch	It consists of a ring of endarch collateral bundles1 surrounding a hollow pith.
endarterectomy	In an elective operation, for example carotid endarterectomy, a prosthetic patch will serve just as well.
endearment	In spite of the lapse of years, they seem so close to me that I should not think it strange if at any moment they should clasp my hand and speak words of endearment as they used to before they went away.
endangerment	And now child endangerment?
endear	Even if your pronunciation isn't perfect, your effort may endear you to the locals and provide an ice breaker for further conversation.
endeavour	In this endeavour he met with vigorous opponents.
endearingly	Do you picture a tall, thoughtful yet endearingly goofy guy with a bobble hat and plump for Mike ?
endemic	There is also a large percentage of endemic species.
encyclopedia	Here you find articles in the encyclopedia about writers.
endeavor	I will endeavor to speak a good word for the truth.
endlessness	And then in a combination, Irish Catholics will explain to you that the circle surrounding the upper part of the cross is a symbol of eternity and the endlessness of God's love and forgiveness.
endnote	Using the system of Latin abbreviations, the first quotation from a text is referenced fully with an endnote.
endive	Plant endive and lettuce at the foot of a south wall to stand the winter; plant out cabbages from the chief autumn sowing.
endlessly	Sarah talked endlessly about her flower garden, the weather and anything else that came to her mind.
endocardial	There has been a large fairly recent acute myocardial infarct in the left ventricle, which is accompanied by endocardial thrombosis and pericarditis.
endocarditis	Prosthetic valve endocarditis is inflammation that occurs as a complication of the implantation of an artificial valve in the heart.
ending	Nightmares persist with the dogs of the law in never ending pursuit.
endodermal	Ea c h cordylus is a tentacle-like structure with an endodermal axis containing an axial cavity which may be continuous with the ring-canal, or may be partially occluded.
endless	The choices are endless, the hunt so exciting.
endocrinologist	In some cases, the condition is treated by an endocrinologist or cardiologist.
endocrinology	Many of the Nurse Specialists utilize the area including the endocrinology, Dermatology and Allergy nurses.
endocrine	Endocrine and metabolic disorders are another important cause of growth problems.
endogamous	By preference the Andamanese are exogamous as regards sept and endogamous as regards tribe.
endodermis	The whole cylinder is enclosed by the peculiarly differentiated innermost cell-layer of the cortex, known as the endodermis.
endogenous	The spores, which may be unior multi-cellular, are either abstricted free from the ends of hyphae (acrogenous), or formed from segments in their course (chlamydospores) or from protoplasm in their interior (endogenous).
endoderm	The endoderm is shaded, the ectoderm left clear.
endometrium	If the egg is not fertilized, however, resultant hormonal changes cause the endometrium to slip away and menstruation begins.
endometrial	Ten patients underwent total hysterectomy and two had an endometrial curettage only.
endoparasitic	If ectoparasitic and attached to the skin, apertures or gills, the Trematode adopts more elaborate adhesive organs and undergoes a less complex development than are required for the endoparasitic members of the class.
endoplasmic	Endoplasmic reticulum - a system of inner cell membranes which is continuous with the nuclear membrane.
endopodite	According to Sars, the 1 In Huxley's terminology the first two or three joints of the stem constitute a protopodite, from which spring the endopodite and exopodite.
endorse	Henceforth its sole effective function was to endorse and promulgate the decrees of the government of Vienna.
endoscope	After the test, the doctor will remove the endoscope.
endorsement	To make sure you are buying organic food, look out for an endorsement on the product from a certification body.
endorser	Special lines, such as the Queen Collection from Cover Girl, is specially suited to darker gals, and features Queen Latifah as its endorser.
endoskeleton	Its endoskeleton is still capable of withstanding just about anything.
endoscopic	This is most commonly achieved by endoscopic balloon dilatation with surgical myotomy reserved for endoscopic failures.
endosmosis	The importance of the osmotic pressure of sea-water in biology will be easily understood from the fact that a frog placed in sea-water loses water by exosmosis and soon becomes 20% lighter than its original weight, while a true salt-water fish suddenly transferred to fresh water gains water by endosmosis, swells up and quickly succumbs.
endoscopy	A comprehensive service in clinical gastroenterology, endoscopy and clinical nutrition is provided.
endosperm	Within these is the albumen or endosperm, constituting the flowery part of the seed.
endothelial	Others of the endothelial cells show a great tendency to form muscle fibres.
endostyle	As food particles pass in through the mouth they become enveloped in a slimy substance (secreted by the endostyle) and conveyed down the gut by the action of the vibratile cilia as a continuous food-rope, the peristaltic movements of the gut-wall being very feeble.
endothelium	Inside the syncytium is a not very regular layer of circular muscle fibres, and within this again some rather scattered longitudinal fibres; there is no endothelium.
endothermic	The very large sauropods could not eat enough to have sustained endothermic metabolism, given likely estimates of bite size and nutrient values.
endotoxin	They identified a mouse whose immune system did not react to a substance called endotoxin, a component of bacterial cell walls.
endow	There must be a God who can miraculously endow the irrational mind of man with truth - so runs the new.
endotracheal	They had removed the endotracheal tube, but he still had a feeding tube through his nose.
enduring	The motions of most lizards are executed with great but not enduring rapidity.
endurable	No other tool is so endurable, or gives such uniform thickness of wire.
enduringly	It is the opinion of John Muir that the big tree would normally live 5000 years or more; that the California groves are still in their prime; that, contrary to general ideas, the big tree was never more widely distributed than now, at least not within the past 8000 or io,000 years; that it is not a decaying species, but that on the contrary no tree of all the forest is more enduringly established in concord with climate and soil, growing like the mountain pine even on granite, and in little danger save from the greed of the lumberman; but other excellent authorities consider it as hardly holding its own, especially in the north.
enemy	One deity for an enemy is bad enough.
endways	The loculi here also are set endways to the passage.
endowment	In 1909 the endowment was about $1,389,600, and the school property was valued at about $1,117,660.
enema	If ever the world needed an enema, Britain is the place to get the pipe.
energetics	The more general case is discussed in the article Energetics, and in the original memoirs of Willard Gibbs and others.
energizer	Beside being an energizer and tonic, Jatoba has also given very good results in cases of acute and chronic cystitis and prostatitis.
energy	The boy was no longer sleepy, but full of energy and excitement.
energize	She gave me an herbal tea that helped energize me and coordinate my efforts.
energetically	The new government energetically proceeded to remedy this state of affairs.
energized	She was no longer hungry, and she felt energized, fulfilled.
enervating	I hope to be a friend that is encouraging, not enervating.
enfeeblement	He was now over fifty and his sight showed serious symptoms of enfeeblement.
endure	He learned to endure hunger and cold.
endurance	I never saw such strength and endurance in a child.
enfilade	The gigantic rampart was unflanked, and the covered ways in the face of it subject to enfilade from end to end.
enforceable	This right was enforceable by sequestration and sale.
energetic	She still seemed energetic and optimistic.
enforcement	That's something the law enforcement people don't want to do.
enfranchise	The reform bill proper proposed to enfranchise every male citizen above 24 years of age with one year's residential qualification.
enfranchisement	In the year 91, which brought with it the imminent prospect of sweeping political change, with the enfranchisement of the Italian peoples, Sulla returned to Rome, and it was generally felt that he was the man to lead the conservative and aristocratic party.
engagement	If this hadn't been an engagement party for Denton and Clarissa, she would have stayed at home.
enforcer	It was the symbol of the enforcer of the Council That Was Seven, the only of the seven brothers sanctioned to kill in cold blood on behalf of the Council and Immortals.
eng	The modern city consists of the nei ch' eng, or inner city, commonly known to foreigners as the Tatar city, and the wai ch' eng, or outer city, known in the same way as the Chinese city.
engender	Does cloning necessarily engender such confusion?
engineering	The shipbuilding and engineering trades are active and advancing.
engined	A system designed to counter a 400 mph piston engined bomber just could not cope with the new threat.
engaging	His laugh was sudden and short, engaging the dimple.
engage	He may not engage in any business.
english	We speak English here.
enforce	All attempts to enforce the British commercial regulations were ineffectual.
englander	For his services Pepperrell, in November 1746, was created a baronet - the only New Englander so honoured.
engaged	We were engaged in locating all of their victims we could find.
englishwoman	He went back to Padua, where he studied hydraulics, removed in 1800 to Holland, and in 1803 went to England, where he married an Englishwoman.
engorgement	They are enlarged to the size of an almond, rounded, firm and pink; there is some engorgement and oedema on section; the substance is rather soft, and can be scraped off with a knife.
engrained	I couldn't stop a habit so long engrained.
engineer	It was then fortified by the engineer.
engine	He waited to hear an engine start, ready to pounce.
englishman	Educated at the universities of Bonn and Heidelberg, he obtained a position in Florence through the influence of an Englishman, William Craufurd, but soon he entered the Prussian diplomatic service and was employed in Florence, in Constantinople and in Rome.
engraft	The relativism or phenomenalism which Hamilton afterwards adopted from Kant and sought to engraft upon Scottish philosophy is wholly absent from the original Scottish doctrine.
engrossing	It was thus that Schopenhauer by his own experience saw in the primacy of the will the fundamental fact of his philosophy, and found in the engrossing interests of the selfish 'pros the perennial hindrances of the higher life.
engraver	The engraver on metal habitually cut his.
engrave	He loved Marguerite Lecomte, and taught her to engrave as well as himself.
engross	In addition to his work at Sevres, quite enough to engross the entire energy of any ordinary man, he continued his more purely scientific work.
engulf	Jessi fought back whatever spell was trying to engulf her.
enigmatic	She was pale but breathing steadily, her enigmatic eyes closed.
enhancer	Two upstream activators, Pannier and Iroquois, bind to the enhancer sequences and regulate achaete-scute expression.
engraving	Most dictionaries contain an engraving of the manual letters.
enigma	My past is such an enigma; I don't know any of the details.
enigmatical	This many-named and enigmatical tribe was of considerable importance in the history of India and Persia in the 5th and 6th centuries, and was known to the Byzantine writers, who call them 'E40aXiroL, Ei)Owytroi, NecbOaAtroc or 'A(3b€Xoi.
enjoy	I hope you enjoy the lecture.
enhancement	The river is always charged with a great quantity of silt which during flood season is deposited over the surrounding plain to the great enhancement of its fertility.
enjoin	This is the golden freedom of preaching which the holy words of the New Testament so strictly enjoin upon us....
enhance	Given to cows in moderate quantity, they have been found to enhance both the yield and flavour of milk.
enlighten	The right book can encourage, enlighten and entertain.
enlarge	As time advanced there was a growing tendency to enlarge the royal seal.
enlightenment	It was impossible for her to find enlightenment in such a hectic environment.
enlightened	He was liberal and enlightened in his general rule.
enlargement	Some organs are subject to enlargement from deposition within them of a foreign substance (amyloid, fat, &c.).
enlist	Evidently. I'm wondering why you don't enlist help.
enlistment	Enlistment is entirely voluntary, and the army enjoys the highest prestige.
enliven	The guests welcomed Pierre because he always helped to enliven and unite any company he was in.
enlivening	Enlivening total Natural Law Maharishi then outlined his global program to enlivening total Natural Law Maharishi then outlined his global program to enliven Total Natural Law in world consciousness.
enlarged	The city's boundaries were enlarged in 1905.
ennead	These gods were together known as the great Ennead or cycle of A second series of nine deities, with Horus as its first iber, was invented at the same time or not long afterwards, was called the Lesser Ennead.
ennoble	Was it not a greater thing to ennoble them than to destroy their artistic representation ?
ennui	An old-fashioned man would have lost his senses or died of ennui before this.
enjoyment	I do want to tell you a few things for your safety and enjoyment, though.
enmity	Great popularity necessarily brings with it bitter enmity and genuine criticism.
enough	She had enough for the entire family.
enormity	She stared at the fire, shocked by the enormity of what she had done.
enormously	An enormously long row of carts full of wounded men had stopped in the street.
enquiry	Collins's Philosophical Enquiry concerning Human Liberty.
enrage	People and circumstances that enrage us are bound to appear from time to time.
enjoyable	They offer the perfect backdrop for an enjoyable, relaxing meal.
enraged	With them rose half Britain, enraged, for other causes, at Roman rule.
enrich	Numerous small affluents of the Missouri enrich and diversify the north-east quarter.
enquire	We have seen no people since we arrived, so we came to this house to enquire our way.
enrol	In 1893, after many vicissitudes, the Italian Socialist Labor Party was founded, and has now become the Italian Socialist Party, in which the majority of Italian workmen enrol themselves.
ens	God is the only being (Ens); all other things are merely existences.
enrichment	One of the most generally adopted methods of enrichment now is by means of carburetted water gas mixed with poor coal gas.
enrolment	The enrolment of the university in 1907-1908 was 636.
enormous	The earth has an enormous molten core that contains vast amounts of energy.
enroll	I encouraged him to enroll at nearby Boston University in hopes he'd find an interest.
enshroud	Or so hours now enshroud them retains a percent stake with established and.
enrollment	The college's recent accreditation has helped increase their graduate student enrollment.
enslavement	Before his enslavement, Darian had reigned over the city, as had his forefathers.
enslave	She was going to help him enslave humanity.
ensnare	Her voice, so soft it skimmed his skin, threatened to ensnare him.
ensign	Joining the army at the age of fifteen as an ensign of the 8th regiment, he became a lieutenant-colonel in 1 797, after less than thirteen years' service.
ensemble	The white sandal heels gave the ensemble a dressy look.
entail	When that was found, the solution of one problem would immediately entail the solution of all others which belonged to the same series as itself.
entablature	On a parapet at the rear of each chamber a single slender Ionic column between two antae supported an Ionic entablature.
ensue	If in extracting the insect the abdomen be ruptured, serious trouble may ensue from the resulting inflammation.
ent	Of these elements [which, according to Aristotle, were, or rather were analogous to, the Ent and the Nonent respectively] all things consist, and from them they derive their several characteristics.
ensuing	In the ensuing presidential campaign he travelled over 18,000 m.
entelechy	Psychologically, Aristotle applied his dualism of matter and form to explain the antithesis of body and soul, so that the soul is the form, or entelechy, of an organic body, and he applied the same dualism to explain sensation, which he supposed to be reception of the sensible form or essence, without the matter, of a body, e.g.
entanglement	He skilfully avoided entanglement in the Jackson-Calhoun imbroglio.
entente	He would have liked to organize a big move against the Bolsheviks from the west, but such a move could not be made while the Entente Powers were resolved to keep Germany out, and while they sympathized with all the new organizations hostile to RussiaEsthonia, Latvia and Poland.
entangle	The great danger was that they might entangle Austria in a war with Russia.
ensure	She froze then looked around to ensure no one was there to overhear them.
enteritis	In toxic doses podophyllin causes intense enteritis, with all its characteristic symptoms, and severe depression, which may end in death.
enterobacterial	Enterobacterial infections are disorders of the digestive tract and other organ systems produced by a group of rod-shaped bacteria called Enterobacteriaceae.
enteral	Early enteral nutrition is recommended but there is no need to restrict protein or calories.
enteric	The diseases to which the act applies are smallpox, cholera, membranous croup, erysipelas, scarlatina or scarlet fever, typhus, typhoid, enteric, relapsing, continued or puerperal fever, and any other infectious disease to which the act has been applied by the local authority of the district in the prescribed manner.
enterocolitis	Increased risk of necrotizing enterocolitis in premature infants with patent ductus arteriosus treated with indomethacin.
enteropathy	This contributes to mucosal inflammation - alcoholic enteropathy .
entertain	I'm not here to entertain you, Xander.
entertainment	In his day, Shakespeare was low-brow entertainment for the common class.
enterprising	Its enterprising ambition was encouraged by taking fresh country north and south.
enthalpy	The relative weakness of the bond is reflected in the bond enthalpy.
enthrall	Some will enthrall listeners, such as urban legends.
entertainer	Rob was an entertainer, but it was hard to tell how he would react to danger.
enthralling	The idea she might really be of interest to someone as enthralling and terrifying as Xander was almost too good to be true.
enthronement	King Alphonso XIII., whose enthronement took place with all the antique ceremonial on the 17th of May, was himself at Enthrone.
enter	How shall I enter the drawing room?
enthusiastic	Jonathan was enthusiastic enough about his chores.
enterprise	What recommends commerce to me is its enterprise and bravery.
entice	So he had come up to entice Katie back.
enthrone	King Alphonso XIII., whose enthronement took place with all the antique ceremonial on the 17th of May, was himself at Enthrone.
enticing	And yet, the idea was enticing... almost an obsession.
enticement	It would take quite some enticement to make me go tomorrow afternoon.
entire	She had enough for the entire family.
entirely	For which I feel entirely responsible.
enthusiastically	Thackeray wrote enthusiastically of the harbour.
entertaining	Mr. Clemens told us many entertaining stories, and made us laugh till we cried.
entity	The soul is not an entity, but a faculty; thought is the function of the brain.
entirety	It wasn't anywhere he'd tracked her during the entirety of her lifetime.
enthusiast	Whilst the worship of the Church of England was proscribed, every illiterate or frenzied enthusiast was allowed to harangue at his pleasure.
entitle	Its purity of style and the fact that it was long a standard work entitle it to a mention here.
entitlement	This helps to protect the employe's entitlement to Social Security Benefit.
entomologist	The last seven of its fourteen volumes include the Class A y es, and the first part of them appeared in 1809, but, the original author dying in 1815, when only two volumes of birds were published, the remainder was brought to an end in 1826 by his successor, who afterwards became well known as an entomologist.
entomology	The entomology of the island, however, is very rich, particularly in respect of Lepidoptera.
entombment	Among the principal examples are Roman Triumphs (not the same compositions as the Hampton Court pictures), A Bacchanal Festival, Hercules and Antaeus, Marine Gods, Judith with the Head of Holophernes, the Deposition from the Cross, the Entombment, the Resurrection, the Man of Sorrows, the Virgin in a Grotto.
entomological	The Societe Entomologique de France was founded in 1832, the Entomological Society of London in 1834.
entrails	Crocodiles are caught in various ways, - for instance, with two pointed sticks, which are fastened crosswise within the bait, an animal's entrails, to which is attached a rope.
entrance	We have a pretty close time frame of entrance and exit.
entourage	Evelyn's entourage shepherded her into the dwelling.
entozoa	Although some attain their full development in the body of a single host - in this respect differing from all other Entozoa - the majority do not become sexually mature until after their transference from an intermediate to a definitive host.
enthusiasm	The student had an enthusiasm for science.
entrant	We reserve the right to disqualify any entrant if we have reasonable grounds to believe the entrant has breached any of these Competition Terms.
entrapping	The gates here are more elaborate than at Boghaz Keui, but planned with the same idea - that of entrapping in an enclosed space, barred by a second door, an enemy who may have forced the first door, while flanking towers would add to his discomfiture.
entreat	I entreat you to ask the oracle how I can recover my voice.
entrap	Certainly no plot was laid by James to entrap the Ruthvens, and the only question is, was the brawl in which they fell accidental, or had a plot hatched in deep secrecy been frustrated by unexpected circumstances?
entrapment	While he possessed knowledge of a brutal attack, if the victim, Lydia, allowed it to happen as she said, wasn't she culpable in some convoluted way for the results of her entrapment?
entreaty	His face expressed entreaty, agitation, and ecstasy.
entrenchment	Within the entrenchment stood ten guns that were being fired through openings in the earthwork.
entrepreneurship	Entrepreneurship isn't easy, but it can offer many rewards to the ambitious crafter.
entrepreneurial	In 1997 she won the East Anglian entrepreneurial businesswoman of the Year.
entrepreneur	In the past, success relied heavily on whether an entrepreneur could move an offline experience online better than someone else.
entrust	Could she entrust him with her heart?
entrench	A political dynamic is created in which the social floor becomes progressively lower and meaner, while those at the top entrench their position.
entryway	What does your entryway look like when the kids come in from playing outside or you get caught in the rain and come into the house soaked?
enumerate	We will now briefly enumerate the principal groups of monuments.
entropy	Changes of entropy must be calculated in terms of quantities of heat, and must be interpreted in a similar manner.
entwine	Quick, like the tendrils of a curling vine, Fond limbs with limbs, in am'rous folds, entwine.
enunciate	But it was one thing to enunciate such magnificent theories in a lecture, and quite another to apply them in the market-place.
enucleation	Usually the behavior does not escalate to suicide and major self-mutilation (including such things as castration, amputation of limbs, enucleation of eyes).
enumerator	As it would be impossible for an enumerator to get through this task in the course of the census night for more than a comparatively small number of houses, the operation is divided into two processes.
enunciation	His enunciation of his theory is itself destructive of that theory.
enumeration	Since then, the enumeration has been decennial, except in the case of the more recently colonized territories of Manitoba and the North-West, where an intermediate census was found necessary in 1885-1886.
envelop	Army and try once more to envelop the Italian left wing.
envelopment	Not merely as exemplifying the tactical envelopment, but also as embodying the central idea of grand strategy, was Worcester the prototype of Sedan.
enuresis	Some children with the attention disorder have bedwetting problems, or nocturnal enuresis.
entry	A glance through the doorless entry revealed no one there.
enveloping	The pillar of light was moving closer, enveloping everything in its path.
envelopment	Not merely as exemplifying the tactical envelopment, but also as embodying the central idea of grand strategy, was Worcester the prototype of Sedan.
envenomed	Next year he published Le Pape, a vision of the spirit of Christ in appeal against the spirit of Christianity, his ideal follower confronted and contrasted with his nominal vicar; next year again La Pitie supreme, a plea for charity towards tyrants who know not what they do, perverted by omnipotence and degraded by adoration; two years later Religions et religion, a poem which is at once a cry of faith and a protest against the creeds which deform and distort and leave it misshapen and envenomed and defiled; and in the same year L'Ane, a paean of satiric invective against the past follies of learned ignorance, and lyric rapture of confidence in the future wisdom and the final conscience of the world.
envious	In his comedy of The Envious Man he introduced the manner of Moliere, or more properly that of Holberg.
enviable	This charming village has one of the most enviable snowfall records.
environ	They are everywhere, above us, on our left, on our right; they environ us on all sides.
environment	The environment in the Arctic Circle is very hostile.
environmental	These attempts to reject environmental variation rest on several grounds.
environmentalism	His words on environmentalism were vatic and universal.
environmentalist	Environmentalist became active and the nation faced an oil crisis.
environmentally	Environmentally compatible The repair of used alternators and starters.
environs	The environs are laid out in pretty and shady gardens and promenades, the finest being in the park which surrounds the château of Prince Clary-Aldringen, built in 1751.
envisage	These ambitious projects envisage intelligent agents with a wide variety of skills.
envision	Gabe tried to envision the Code as a woman, one that he could negotiate with.
envoy	The envoy was therefore dismissed.
envy	Why should I envy them?
enzymatic	The chemical reactions that I am most concerned with are of relevance to heterogeneous and enzymatic catalysis.
eon	For nearly the whole of the year 1890 the Stevensons were cruising through unfamiliar archipelagos Eon board a little trading steamer, the Janet Nicholl.
eocene	In this valley were laid down, either in Eocene or Oligocene times, a great series of lake beds and thick accumulations of brown coal.
enzyme	Such an enzyme is the pepsin of the stomach of the higher animals.
eosin	In hydatid disease there is, as a rule, a marked increase in the number of those white corpuscles which possess a specially staining affinity with the dye eosin, and are therefore known as eosinophile cells.
epact	Epact Is A Word Of Greek Origin, Employed In The Calendar To Signify The Moon'S Age At The Beginning Of The Year.
epaulet	Captains with less than three years seniority wore only one epaulet on the right shoulder.
eparchy	The modern town of Megara is situated on two low hills which formed part of the ancient site; it is the chief town of the eparchy of Megaris; pop. about 6400.
ep	St Jerome (Ep. 1 4 6) tells us that as late as the middle of the 3rd century the presbyters of Alexandria, when the see was vacant, used to elect one of their own number and without any further ordination set him in the episcopal office.
ephebe	In 1865 De Bary suggested the possibility that such lichens as Collema, Ephebe, &c., arose as a result of the attack of parasitic Ascomycetes upon the algae, Nostoc, Chroococcus, &c. In 1867 the observations of Famintzin and Baranetzky showed that the gonidia, in certain cases, were able to live outside the lichen-thallus, and in the case of Physcia, Evernia and Cladonia were able to form zoospores.
ephemeral	New words are constantly being coined, some will prove ephemeral, others are here to stay.
ephemera	Whether you're looking for a specific yearbook or simply love collecting high school ephemera, there are lots of shopping options.
ephedra	Good pasture grounds are only found near the streams. The soil is dry gravel and clay, upon which bushes of Ephedra, Nitraria and Salsolaceae grow sparsely.
ephemerides	The Marquis Malvasia in his Ephemerides (Bologna, 1662) describes a micrometer of his own invention.
ephor	Greenidge, and the works cited under Apella; Ephor; Gerousia and Lycurgus.
ephod	This same narrative dwells upon the graven images, ephod and teraphim, as forming the apparatus of religious ceremonial in Micah's household.
epic	In early times the war of the Epigoni was a favourite subject of epic poetry.
ephemeris	Possibly the Latin Ephemeris was the work of Septimius himself.
epiblast	Bergh (for Lumbricus and Criodrilus), whose figures show a derivation of the entire nephridium from mesoblast, and an absence of any connexion between successive nephridia by any continuous band, epiblastic or mesoblastic. A midway position is taken up by Wilson, who asserts the mesoblastic formation of the funnel, but also asserts the presence of a continuous band of epiblast from which certainly the terminal vesicle of the nephridium, and doubtfully the glandular part of the tube is derived.
epiblastic	Whitman the entire nephridial system (in the leech Clepsine) is formed by the differentiation of a continuous epiblastic band on each side.
epicenter	Like most things in the U.S., New York City is the epicenter for yoga.
epical	Between 1300 and 1500, however, it is supposed that the Kjaempeviser, or Danish ballads, a large collection of about Soo epical and lyrical poems, were originally composed, and these form the most precious legacy of the Denmark of the middle ages, whether judged historically or poetically.
epicalyx	The bracts on the flower-stalk are either small and scattered or large and leafy, and then placed near the flower, forming a sort of outer calyx or epicalyx.
epicureanism	Epicureanism need not detain us.
epicurean	His defection from the Epicurean school is almost unique.
epicyclic	Epicyclic Trains.The term ep-icyclic train is used by Willis to denote a train of wheels carried by an arm, and having certain rotations relatively to that arm, which itself rotates.
epicycloid	It may be regarded as an epicycloid in which the rolling and fixed circles are equal in diameter, as the inverse of a parabola for its focus, or as the caustic produced by the reflection at a spherical surface of rays emanating from a point on the circumference.
epidemiology	Epidemic outbreaks of other diseases - for instance, cholera, diphtheria and typhoid fever - are often preceded and followed by the prevalence of mild illness of an allied type; and t he true significance of this fact is one of the most important problems in epidemiology.
epidermic	A single layer of epidermic cells, some of which are glandular, forms the outer layer.
epidote	Often they contain quartz and felspar, sometimes pyroxene, amphibole, garnet or epidote.
epidermal	Stomata are often absent, absorption and excretion of gases in solution being carried on through the epidermal layer.
epidermis	This consists typically of close-fitting layers of cells with completely suberized walls, intended to replace the epidermis as the external protective layer of the plant when the latter, incapable as it is of further growth after its original formation, is broken and cast off by the increase in thickness of the stem through the activity of the cambium.
epididymis	The vas deferens tube emerges from the epididymis.
epidural	A single dose of epidural morphine may relieve pain for 12-24 hours.
epidemic	In 1888 there was an epidemic of yellow fever.
epigenesis	The weight of Malpighi's observations therefore fell into the scale of that doctrine which Harvey terms metamorphosis, in contradistinction to epigenesis.
epiglottis	Epiglottitis is an infection and inflammation of the epiglottis.
epigram	Delicate irony and pointed epigram take the place of broad humour.
epigrammatist	Generally less varied and romantic, though easier in style, are the heroic poems Augsburgi iitkozet (Battle of Augsburg) and Aradi gyules (Diet of Arad) of Gregory Czuczor, who was, moreover, very felicitous as an epigrammatist.
epigraphic	The island first attracted the notice of archaeologists by the remarkable archaic Greek bronzes found in a cave on Mount Ida in 1885, as well as by epigraphic monuments such as the famous law of Gortyna; but the first undoubted Aegean remains reported from it were a few objects extracted from Cnossus by Minos Kalokhairinos of Candia in 1878.
epigrammatic	It aims less at clearness and vividness than at epigrammatic point.
epigraphy	His research interests include Greek epigraphy from Roman Asia Minor.
epilation	When you find anyone with home-made epilation forceps, their eyes are always quiet and corneas clear.
epileptic	In his boyhood he suffered from epileptic fits, and could therefore not receive a regular education.
epilepsy	The one fact which the Lamarckians can produce in their favour is the account of experiments by Brown-Sequard, in which he produced epilepsy in guinea-pigs by section of the large nerves or spinal cord, and in the course of which he was led to believe that in a few rare instances the artificially produced epilepsy and mutilation of the nerves was transmitted.
epilogue	In a brief epilogue, the apostle justifies himself for having thus addressed the Roman Christians.
epinephrine	People who have anaphylaxis need to carry an injection around with them of a drug called adrenaline or epinephrine.
epiphenomenon	He regarded everything known as evolved from matter, and reduced consciousness to a mere collateral product (` ` epiphenomenon ) of cerebral operations without any power of influencing them.
epiphany	In the first grade, I experienced an epiphany that girls were always treated differently than boys.
epiphyte	As in the case of epiphytic brown seaweeds, the rhizoids of the epiphyte often penetrate the substance of the supporting alga.
epiphenomenalism	It is sometimes assumed that the view that zombies are possible entails epiphenomenalism; but that is not so.
epiphytic	Among the plants the wild banana, pepper, orange and mangosteen, rhododendron, epiphytic orchids and the palm; among mammals the bats and rats; among birds the cassowary and rifle birds; and among reptiles the crocodile and tree snakes, characterize this element.
epiphyllum	Those with long - tubed flowers comprise the genera Melocactus, Mammillaria, Echinocactus, Cereus, Pilocereus, Echinopsis, Phyllocactus, Epiphyllum, &c.; while those with short-tubed flowers are Rhipsalis, Opuntia, Peireskia, and one or two of minor importance.
epiphysis	These bones grow at their ends, in a region called the epiphysis.
epipodite	Very often the basal segment of the protopodite bears, on the outer side, a lamellar appendage (more rarely, two), the epipodite, which may function as a gill.
episcopally	He insisted on baptizing children by trine immersion, and refused the Communion to a pious German because he had not been baptized by a minister who had been episcopally ordained.
episcopalian	It has affiliated to it colleges of the Roman Catholic, Episcopalian, Presbyterian and Methodist denominations, with medical and pharmaceutical colleges.
episiotomy	Only 1.4% - 15 women - had an episiotomy, whilst 28.9% had first- or second-degree tears.
episcopacy	The controversy chiefly turned on the question of the necessity of episcopacy.
episodic	For Russell's History of Western Philosophy is simply too long, too episodic, too tiring to be read like that.
episcopate	Although there is very little authentic information about Fabian, there is evidence that his episcopate was one of great importance in the history of the early church.
epistemic	The more this indeterminacy has merely epistemic significance, the less it affects the causal principle.
epistemology	Epistemology specifically studies knowledge and what we believe.
epistaxis	Epistaxis is a term given to bleeding from the nose.
epistolary	The epistolary intercourse with the former continued until 1780 and with the latter until 1787.
epitaxy	The role of templates in crystal formation is called epitaxy.
epistle	Some consider the Epistle of James to be the New Testament version of the book of Proverbs.
epitaph	His original epitaph was discovered in the Catacombs.
epithalamium	Her abandonment and awakening are celebrated in the beautiful Epithalamium of Catullus.
epithem	In a second type they are situated at the ends of tracheal strands and consist of groups of richly protoplasmic cells belonging to the epidermis (as in the leaves of many ferns), or to the subjacent tissue (the commonest type in flowering plants); in this last case the cells in question are known as epithem.
epitome	The fashions presented were the epitome of the style of the 1930s.
epitomize	Gifts that epitomize the religious beliefs of the family are often given at baptisms.
epithelial	Black droplets of oil are seen in the epithelial cells lining the secreting tubules.
epithet	Her star was the planet Venus, and classical writers give her the epithet Caelestis and Urania.
epithelium	Each bud arises as a thickening of the epithelium, which.
episcopal	The pope when teaching ex cathedra acts as head of the whole episcopal body and of the whole Church.
epitrochoid	The path of a point P in or attached to the rolling cone is a spherical epitrochoid traced on the surface of a sphere of the radius OP. From P draw PQ perpendicular to the instantaneous axis.
epochal	The lines of the treaty of Westphalia, six years later, were already laid down by Richelieu; and its epochal importance in European history is a measure of the genius who threw the balance of power from Habsburg to Bourbon.
episode	One incident of this painful episode is worth mentioning.
eponymous	Jutland was acquired by Dan, the eponymous ancestor of the Danes.
epoxide	Targets include other AEDs, particularly phenytoin, phenobarbitone, carbamazepine epoxide, and lamotrigine.
epsilon	Thus the smallest and largest normal positive double-precision IEEE numbers are and, and the machine epsilon for double precision is.
epopee	A more heroic subject, and the only one in which he made a certain attempt to rival Firdousi, was selected by our poet for his third epopee, the Iskandarnama, or Book of Alexander, also called Sharaf iama or Igbalnama-i-Iskandari ( The Fortunes of Alexander), which is split into two divisions.
epos	Khalateants, arrives at a similar conclusion in his Armianskie Epos (Moscow, 1896).
equal	She is quite equal to Marya Antonovna.
epoxy	Francois, the Ulysses resident dentist, repaired my tooth, saying the epoxy glue applied in Cape Town would have caused an abscess.
equable	It has a dry and equable climate and beautiful scenery.
equality	In 1828 the free people of colour in the colonies were placed on a footing of legal equality with their fellow-citizens.
eps	Using metallocene catalysis, it is now possible to tailor the wax to the special requirements of EPS production.
equalization	A state board of equalization has been established to insure equitable taxation.
equanimity	Gentleness, equanimity and benevolence were native to him.
equability	The equability of heat throughout the day is masked and relieved by the afternoon sea breezes.
equalized	Andrew Whiteley then equalized for Nicholas ' men with a neat finish.
equably	Propertius is a less accomplished artist and a less equably pleasing writer than either Tibullus or Ovid, but he shows more power of dealing gravely with a great or tragic situation than either of them, and his diction and rhythm give frequent proof of a concentrated force of conception and a corresponding movement of imaginative feeling which remind us of Lucretius.
equalizer	Great work by Junior George on the right byline allowed him to clip over a cross for Abdi to nod in the equalizer.
equator	Of the parallels of latitude, the equator only is a great circle.
equational	We look at denotational semantics, using sets and functions, the substitution lemma and equational theory.
equalize	Each legislative district of Baltimore is entitled tc -he number of delegates to which the largest county shall or may be entitled under the foregoing apportionment, and the General Assembly may from time to time alter the boundaries of Baltimore city districts in order to equalize their population.
epoch	His meeting with Pierre formed an epoch in Prince Andrew's life.
equate	The pain in his chest couldn't equate with the pain and distress shooting through him like cold fire.
equerry	Captain Marryat had retired from the naval service in 1830, becoming equerry to the duke of Sussex.
equatorially	The arc is produced by leading a current of about 5000 volts equatorially between the poles of an electromagnet; this produces what is practically a disk of flame, 62 ft.
equiangular	If A or B vanish we have an equiangular spiral, and the velocity at infinity is zero.
equestrian	She was about the best equestrian he had ever seen.
equidistant	On the left bank we noticed a pattern of towns set almost equidistant on the top of the valley.
equatorial	The concentration of these substances is least in the warm equatorial seas and greatest near the poles.
equally	He was at least equally intrigued by hers.
equidae	In the Equidae the premolars are generally or.
equilateral	In a similar manner, four covertical equilateral triangles stand on a square base.
equilibrium	Equilibrium is the product of an axiomatic system.
equimolecular	Hydrolysis with hydrochloric acid or baryta water gives tropic acid and tropine; on the other hand, by boiling equimolecular quantities of these substances with dilute hydrochloric acid, atropine is reformed.
equine	There wasn't a list of people with resumes including equine care.
equilibration	Dissolution, and finally reaches the statement of the Law of Evolution as an integration of matter and concomitant dissipation of motion, during which the matter passes from a an indefinite incoherent homogeneity to a definite coherent heterogeneity, and during which the retained motion undergoes a parallel transformation.This process of evolution is due to the instability of the homogeneous,the multiplication of effects and their segregation,continuing until it ceases in complete equilibration.Sooner or later, however, the reverse process of Dissolution, with its absorption of motion and disintegration of matter, which indeed has always been going on to some extent, must prevail, and these oscillations of the cosmic process will continue without end.
equipment	The electronic equipment had disappeared as well.
equip	I shall not be able to equip him.
equinox	There were a lot of tourists in town, probably for the autumn equinox, which drew people from around the world every year.
equipage	In magnificence of equipage and retinue the abbots vied with the first nobles of the realm.
equipartition	These equations express the law of equipartition of energy, commonly spoken of as the Maxwell-Boltzmann Law.
equation	This equation does not give us the value of the unknown factor but gives us a ratio between two unknowns.
equinoctial	Very long and very severe were the equinoctial gales that year.
equipoise	It is their sense of internal balance, centering, that allows them to act with perfect equipoise and timing.
equipotential	The presence, however, of apparatus or observers upsets the conditions, while above uneven ground or near a tree or a building the equipotential surfaces cease to be horizontal.
equitably	The year 1885 saw the introduction and adoption of a measure embodying the principle of employers liability for accidents to workmen, a principle subsequently extended and more equitably defined in the spring of 1899.
equity	English equity has one marked historical peculiarity, viz.
equisetum	In the more damp and marshy places the bottom is covered with marsh trefoil, carex, smooth equisetum, and rush.
equivalency	In 2009, representatives from the USDA and Canada's CFIA signed the US-Canada Organic Equivalency Agreement.
equivalence	The equivalence of the four hydrogen atoms of methane rested on indirect evidence, e.g.
equivocal	His free use of relating concepts, that of sameness, for instance, bears no impress of his theory of the general notion, and it is possible to put out of sight the fact that, taken in conjunction with his nominalism, it raises the whole issue of the possibility of the equivocal generation of formative principles from the given contents of the individual consciousness, in any manipulation of which they are already implied.
equites	They also acted as paymasters of the equites and of the soldiers on service in each tribe.
er	Smooth ER has no ribosomes associated with it and is involved in lipid and sterol synthesis.
equivocate	Sean continued to equivocate when the FBI persisted in their questioning.
equitable	This equitable arrangement was accepted by the estates forthwith.
equivocation	They say what they mean without sarcasm or equivocation.
eradication	In the eradication of smallpox, as in the near-elimination of polio, I find both fascinating lessons of history and enormous reason for hope.
eradicate	These types of insects are usually very difficult to eradicate.
erase	Why did you erase the schedule?
eraser	Graphite is a stable and permanent material but can easily be removed using an eraser.
erased	When it came back to her face, a slow smile erased the creases between his brows.
equivalent	To give that terrible order seemed to him equivalent to resigning the command of the army.
erasure	A fast and secure data erasure solution is imperative.
erastianism	That principle is Spiritual in- equally opposed to Erastianism and to Papacy, to the civil power dominating the Church, and to the ecclesiastical power dominating the state.
erastian	Benjamin Hoadly, the newly-appointed bishop of Bangor, scented the opportunity and wrote a speedy and able reply, Preservative against the Principles and Practices of Non-Jurors, in which his own Erastian position was recommended and sincerity proposed as the only test of truth.
erbium	The glass in these lenses contains three elements (neodymium, erbium, and praseodymium) which enhance color perception while improving both contrast and depth perception.
era	The era of fractured power and corruption is about to end.
erectile	Paired erectile plates (patagia) are borne on the prothorax in moths, while in moths, sawflies, wasps, bees and other insects there are small plates (tegulae) - see Fig.
erector	Information slips supplied and even fitted to boards on site erected by your own sign erector or contractor with no obligation to have the.
ere	The area of this trade was ere long further extended.
eremite	At this time Barlaam, an eremite of great sanctity and knowledge, dwelling in the wilderness of Sennaritis, divinely warned, travels to India in the disguise of a merchant, and gains access to Prince Josaphat, to whom he imparts the Christian doctrine and commends the monastic life.
eremitical	He was born of heathen parents at Tabatha near Gaza about 290; he was sent to Alexandria for his education and there became a convert to Christianity; about 306 he visited St Anthony and became his disciple, embracing the eremitical life.
erg	A more convenient unit of work or energy, in practice, on account of the smallness of the erg, is the joule, which is equal to 10.7 ergs, or one watt-second of electrical energy.
ergo	I need to spend hours studying this weekend for my exams; ergo, I will not be attending the game.
erect	In 1836 he began to erect a grand conservatory 300 ft.
ergometer	The force profile of a rower using the ergometer was viewed by use of an oscilloscope attached to the signal from the amplifier.
ergonomics	We were impressed with the machine's ergonomics. It was stylish yet functional.
ergonomically	Add slot machines ergonomically designed bluebird top prize at.
ergot	Ergot has no external action.
ergonomic	Our engineers are paid to design our products with an ergonomic style in mind, for added comfort.
ericaceous	I have put said Blueberry in a smallish pot of ericaceous compost.
ergotism	Chronic poisoning, or ergotism, used frequently to occur amongst the poor fed on rye infected with the Claviceps.
erin	Wagga-Wagga has a school of art with a library attached, a fine convent picturesquely situated on Mount Erin, a good racecourse and agricultural show-grounds.
eristic	Each of these predominated in its turn, though not to the exclusion of others, the sophistry of culture beginning about 447, and leading to the sophistry of eristic, and the sophistry of rhetoric taking root in central Greece about 427, and merging in the sophistry of politics.
erinys	The name is used in Anglo-Saxon glossaries to translate various Latin terms for War-goddess or Fury (Bellona, Erinys, &c.).
erection	Most men take their ability to achieve an erection for granted.
erode	The river followed the temporary course long enough to erode a deep gorge, known as Grande Coulee, along part of its length.
ermine	Sables, ermine, wolverines, minks, land otters, beavers and musk-rats have always been important items in the fur trade.
ernie	Ernie reads bedtime to E on lap - this was one of his goals for the weekend, and E is happy.
erne	The county is situated mostly in the basin of the Erne, which divides the county into two nearly equal sections.
eroded	That the mountainous mass of western Maui is much older is shown by the destruction of its crater, by its sharp ridges and by deeply eroded gorges or valleys.
erica	On its western shores there are some twenty, such as Saxifraga umbrosa, Erica mediterranea and Arbutus unedo, which are not found in Britain at all.
erogenous	The surface of your lips contains some of the most sensitive skin on your entire body, rendering it one of the key erogenous zones.
erosive	The denuded mountain slopes and plateaus of southern Mexico are due to the prehistoric inhabitants who cleared away the tropical forest for their Indian corn fields, and then left them to the erosive action of the tropical rains and subsequent occupation by coarse grasses.
erotica	In addition to her research into digital games, she is a specialist in movie erotica.
err	The system will always err on the side of caution.
eros	In later times they are often represented drawing the car of Dionysus, or bound and ridden by Eros, in allusion to their drunken and amorous habits.
errand	They told him about their errand and showed him the beautiful prize.
eroticism	Few artists could express such eroticism in a work so abstracted.
errant	He tucked an errant curl behind her ear, enjoying the brush of her soft skin.
erotic	Her erotic dreams were proof that he was becoming more than a friend to her, and that thought was troubling - both from the standpoint of her goals, and the fact that she was setting herself up for rejection.
erosion	For many years, the town has been threatened by the erosion of the river banks.
erratically	This fear can drive her to behave erratically at times.
erratics	Local boulders as well as northern erratics are found in the valley of the Derwent.
error	Lana had never seen this error message before.
erratic	Erratic blocks are of frequent occurrence in south Jutland.
errata	The last errata came just in time to be inserted.
ersatz	The dishonest store owner tried to sell ersatz products but claimed that they were designer.
erstwhile	The ruthless methods by which the Spaniards forced the natives to labour for them caused a change in the attitude of the erstwhile friendly Borinquenos.
erroneous	He was accused of erroneous doctrine, and the Spanish viceroy of Naples prohibited his preaching.
erudite	The erudite student graduated at the top of her class.
eruciform	Among a few of the beetles or Coleoptera, and also in the neuropterous genus Mantispa, are found life-histories in which the earliest instar is campodeiform and the succeeding larval stages eruciform.
erupt	Did you know that not all volcanoes erupt lava?
erroneously	The bite, for example, of large species of the family Aviculariidae, sometimes called Mygales, and sometimes, but erroneously, known as tarantulas, species which have fangs half an inch long and as sharp as needles and a considerable quantity of poison, may be very painful, though seldom serious provided the health of the patient be good.
erysipelas	Gout and erysipelas had, it is said,i ruined his constitution, and he died at his palace in Shimran on the 4th of September.
eruptive	They are found chiefly in the neighbourhood of the eruptive masses.
erudition	He was a man of erudition, but he owed his fame chiefly to his personality.
eryngium	In Eryngium the shortening of the pedicels changes an umbel into a capitulum.
erythematous	A small portion of the drug is removed by the skin, in which it may give rise to an erythematous rash.
erythema	A rash called erythema marginatum often develops (especially in those patients who will develop heart problems from their illness), composed of pink splotches that may eventually spread into each other.
eruption	This eruption was attended with great it estruction of life and property.
erythrocyte	Also called red cell absolute values or erythrocyte indices.
erythroblastosis	Maternal-fetal incompatibilities of ABO blood types leading to neonatal erythroblastosis are less severe and less common than those of the Rh factor.
erythromycin	With accompanying chlamydia infection, a topical antibiotic ointment containing erythromycin (Ilotycin) may be prescribed to be applied one to two times daily.
escalate	It took one week for a localized event to escalate to world war.
erythropoietic	Porphyrias that affect heme biosynthesis in immature red blood cells were referred to as erythropoietic porphyries.
esa	Perhaps ESA have a little less clout with the media than NASA?
esc	Another special feature of CastilianPortuguese is the complete absence of the form of conjugation known as inchoative (intercalation, in the present tense, of the syllable isc or esc between the radical and the inflexion), although in all the other tenses, except the present, Spanish shows a tendency to lay the accent upon the same syllable in all the six persons, which was the object aimed at by the inchoative form.
escalation	They support development, but then deter countries from processing their own products by tariff escalation.
escapade	This escapade made everybody feel confused.
escalator	This mucociliary escalator is one of the principal defenses against lung infection.
escalade	He now meditated a further enterprise against Geneva; but his attempt to capture the city by treachery and with the help of Spain (the famous escalade) in 1602 failed completely.
escapee	Himalayan balsam, a garden escapee has been found at a number of sites along the river.
escapement	The number of men permitted to work in any mine not having an escapement shaft cannot, in any circumstances, exceed ten during.
escapist	He liked to indulge in escapist fantasy.
escapism	Like films, video games can provide some escapism.
eschatological	This reason lay in the dominant attitude of Christians, which was what we call eschatological.
escarp	At Erh-Lung on the 20th of November three mines were exploded, which half filled the ditch, and the Japanese later on sapped across to the escarp over the debris.
eschar	Considerable burns on the face or body may result from the application of sulphuric acid in the practice known as vitriol-throwing, a brownish black eschar serving to distinguish the burns produced by this acid from those of other corrosive fluids.
eschew	In fine, they eschew theories and confine themselves to visible facts.
escargot	One evening they decided to go find some snails so they could have escargot for dinner.
escarpment	Another range, or escarpment, crosses the state from east to west, but is broken into two principal divisions, each having several local names.
escape	He came very quietly and secretly, to escape the soldiers.
escheat	The principal incidents of a seignory were an oath of fealty; a quit or chief rent; a relief of one year's quit rent, and the right of escheat.
eschatology	It is not at all improbable that Jewish eschatology in its later developments was powerfully influenced by the Persian faith.
escort	May I escort you to our commander?
escutcheon	This energetic action on Grant's part saved the United States from a foul stain upon its escutcheon.
escrow	Dean explained Atherton's recent disappearance and the strange return of the escrow money.
esl	A homonym can be a difficult word to understand for ESL speakers.
esculent	To these crops may be added peas, beans and many herbs and esculent roots.
eskimo	The 116 Eskimo dogs were landed.
esp	The penguins were really good, ESP at feeding time - and one could imagine they don't mind being cooped up?
esoteric	The meaning was very esoteric in film, literature and art.
esophageal	Problems during the esophageal phase of swallowing indicated gastric reflux and delayed mobility in the lower esophagus.
especial	This lexicon is of especial importance by reason of its ample.
esophagus	If the upper portion of the esophagus is short and a long gap exists between upper and lower portions, reconstructive surgery cannot be performed, and the infant must receive nutrition in some way to allow several months of growth.
espadrille	Espadrille sandals or strappy sandals are the perfect footwear, while slim necklaces and dainty jewelry are more appropriate than big, chunky styles.
espalier	It may be grown as an espalier, like a fruit tree, and this will protect it from winds, or it may be trained against a wall.
esperanto	He started the company with six watchmakers on his staff in a small workshop in the town of La Chaux-de-Fonds.The word Movado means always in motion in Esperanto.
esparto	Local industries include the manufacture of coarse cloth, esparto fabrics, oil and flour.
espouse	How can the state be racist and espouse an ideology of multiculturalism?
espionage	Another section declared non-mailable all written or printed matter which violated any provision of the Espionage Act.
esq	In center ' This Plan is most humbly inscribed to Thomas Chitty Esq Alderman of Tower Street Ward ' .
espy	Three years later she started dating Reggie Bush after they encountered each other at the ESPY awards.
esprit	The way in which the ulema are recruited and formed into a hierarchy with a vigorous esprit de corps throws an instructive light on the whole subject before us.
espousal	He compelled attention by his strenuous activity, his passionate espousal of causes, and his enthusiasm for a constructive measure.
esquire	Already on the 8th of February 1395/96 he was on a commission with several knights and clerks to hear an appeal in a case of John Molton, Esquire v.
essence	The essence of my car is that it takes me places I want to go.
espresso	The place catered to the espresso crowd but Dean acquiesced.
esplanade	The esplanade and the public park are finely laid out; and portions of the sea are fenced in to protect bathers.
essential	That is an essential condition.
essentially	It is essentially infinite.
especially	I enjoy traveling, especially to very different places.
establish	Free people establish governments to protect their rights.
established	There are no established trails, but I've been in that area before.
establishment	The establishment of schools for girls was first attempted in 1880.
essayist	Emerson the essayist was a condensation of Emerson the lecturer.
essentialism	For a definition and critique of strategic essentialism, see Spivak (1988 ).
esse	A covenant runs with the land if it relates either to a thing in esse, which is part and parcel of the demise, e.g.
esteem	Well, I don't esteem you the less for it.
estate	But he cannot leave the estate to Pierre.
estimable	In character he was as estimable as he was brilliant in intellect.
ester	It is the methyl ester of a neutral body colchicein, which may be obtained in white acicular crystals.
esterification	That orthoboric acid is a tribasic acid is shown by the formation of ethyl orthoborate on esterification, the vapour density of which corresponds to the molecular formula B(0C2H5)3; the molecular formula of the acid must consequently be B(OH) 3 or H 3 B0 3.
estimate	The realtor's estimate of the value of the property pleased her.
esterase	Compounds that produce more than 70% inhibition of neuropathy target esterase give positive results in the hen test.
estimator	If you're not ready to pay for a report yet or you just want a general idea of where you stand, you can use My FICO's free estimator.
estimation	Bacon's fame in popular estimation has always rested on his mechanical discoveries.
est	He was named as one of the counsellors to assist the queen, but, fearing to incur the king's displeasure and using his favourite phrase ira principis mors est, he gave her very little help; and he signed the letter to Clement VII.
estrange	In the four years and a half during which his ministry had lasted he had done much to estrange his party.
estoppel	The Claimants said that there was no final issue estoppel or res judicata arising out of an adjudication decision.
estrangement	Probably the bar of language was the most prominent cause of estrangement.
estimated	The total length of the river is estimated at 2860 m.
estuarine	The fact that Seaton beach overlies estuarine alluvium is clear evidence that it has experienced landward translation.
eta	That is Japanese poetry (eta or tanka).
etc	Tim was sent to the grocery store to pick up some basic items (milk, bread, eggs, etc.) for his wife.
etcetera	Weight related issues like diabetes, hypertension, etcetera are all fine though.
etch	The acid used to etch the surface has darkened the parts richest in copper, while those richest in tin remained white.
etcher	Besides being a painter in oil and fresco Rousseau was an etcher of some ability; many etchings by his hand from the works of the Caracci and from his own designs still exist; they are vigorous, though coarse in execution.
etching	In the 17th and 18th centuries the processes of scratching, engraving and etching were brought to great perfection.
estuary	The Gabun, in reality an estuary of the sea, lies immediately north of the equator.
eternally	Your service is eternally appreciated.
ethereal	Her hair fell softly around her face and she had an ethereal glow about her.
et	This side of his preparation was finished by a close study of Scripture, the results of which are contained in his commentaries, In omnes Epistolas Divi Apostoli Expositio, his Super Isaiam et Jeremiam, and his In Psalmos.
ethane	These last two compounds are termed unsaturated, whereas ethane is saturated.
ethanol	Many large farms in the Midwest have planted all or part of their land area to take advantage of the government subsidies which are offered for corn production to supply the ethanol production needs.
eternity	Now, she had an eternity to fulfill the list.
eternal	Some people are very concerned about their eternal destiny.
ethene	Other bioassays have used the effects of ethene on root hair formation or leaf abscission.
ethic	His ethic had little which was distinctive.
ethernet	I didn't ask about installing an Ethernet backbone in the house.
ethically	It will be seen that these changes, however profoundly important, were, ethically considered, either negative or quite general, ralating to the tone and attitude of mind in which all duty should be done.
ethnic	Here you find articles in the encyclopedia about ethnic groups of Africa.
ether	The result, was in Helmholtz's words, to establish beyond doubt that ordinary light consists of electrical vibrations in an all-pervading ether which possesses the properties of an insulator and of a magnetic medium.
ethnical	In some cases their ethnical relations have not yet been completely determined.
ethnically	Where are you from, Jule, so I can get you ethnically stereotypical food?
ethnarch	Before his assassination in 44 B.C. Julius Caesar had confirmed Hyrcanus in the high-priesthood and added the title of ethnarch.
ethnicity	Ethnicity is not something that should set people apart, but allow us to learn from one another.
ethiopian	Sclater' was the first to divide the world into a few great regions, the Palaearctic, Ethiopian, Indian and Australian forming one group, the Old World (Palaeogaea); and the Nearctic and Neotropical forming a second, the New World (Neogaea).
ethnographic	There was no way ethnographic analogy could intrude, and no way that my environment could fool me into thinking otherwise.
ethics	Ethics is in much the same position.
ethical	The correspondence took an ethical tone.
ethnographical	Two important educational establishments are the Indian Institute for the education of civil service students for thecolonies, to which is attached an ethnographical museum; and the Royal Polytechnic school, which almost ranks as a university, and teaches, among other sciences, that of diking.
ethnographically	Its territory comprises chiefly districts of the Baltic provinces of the Russian Empire, which linguistically or ethnographically belonged to the Letts, whence the name of Latvia as a new nation-state.
ethnological	The term Moors has no real ethnological value.
ethnography	The ethnography of ancient Italy is a very complicated and difficult subject, and notwithstanding the researches of modern scholars is still involved in some obscurity.
ethnologically	Ethnologically the Bulgarians ought perhaps to come here; but, as a large admixture of Slav blood flows in their veins and they speak a distinctly Slav language, they have in this table been grouped with the Slays.
ethnologist	The most recent and elaborate commentator even calls him an ethnologist.
ethos	What they especially praise is the ethos or permanent moral level of his works as compared with those of the later pathetic school.
ethology	The Society aims at promoting the exchange of knowledge and opinions concerning human ethology with all the other empirical sciences of human behavior.
ethnomusicology	Students can choose between a range of topics, including analysis, notation, historical subjects, ethnomusicology, performance and music cognition.
ethnology	Writers on the ethnology of Italy have been hitherto content with the first, namely, the broad distinction.
ethylene	This discovery he worked out very thoroughly in investigations of ethylene oxide and the polyethylene alcohols.
etiology	The demonstration by Pasteur that definite diseases could be produced by bacteria, proved a great stimulus to research in the etiology of infective conditions, and the result Historical was a rapid advance in human knowledge.
ethyl	Another fact of considerable technical importance is, that the various races of yeast show considerable differences in the amount and proportion of fermentation products other than ethyl alcohol and carbonic acid which they produce.
etymological	The process of etymological change, as given by Steinthal, was this.
etymology	The etymology of the word Pali is uncertain.
etna	There is more than one meaning of Etna discussed in the 1911 Encyclopedia.
etiquette	The people have strict notions of etiquette and gradations of rank.
etude	Before I could respond, my cell phone played a Chopin etude.
etymologically	The accolade may etymologically refer to the embrace, accompanied by a blow with the hand, characteristic of the longer form of knighting.
eucalyptus	The mallee is a species of eucalyptus growing 12 to 14 ft.
eucharistic	In Armenia the Greek word agape has been used ever since the 4th century to indicate these sacrificial meals, which either began or ended with a eucharistic celebration.
eucharist	All those who in the middle ages denied the substantial presence of the body and blood of Christ in the eucharist were commonly designated Berengarians.
eudaemonism	On the other hand attempts have been made to separate hedonism, as the search for a continuous series of physical pleasures, from eudaemonism, a condition of enduring mental satisfaction.
euclidean	At the same time, it delights the pure theorist by the simplicity of the logic with which the fundamental theorems may be established, and by the elegance of its mathematical operations, insomuch that hydrostatics may be considered as the Euclidean pure geometry of mechanical science.
euclid	He also studied the first six books of Euclid and some algebra, besides reading a considerable quantity of Hebrew and learning the Odes of Horace by heart.
eugenia	He left but one child, a daughter, Louisa Josephina Eugenia, who in 1869 married the crown-prince Frederick of Denmark.
eugenics	So he makes no claim to resolve all the problems of a new eugenics.
euglena	Dynamic images show the metabolic movements of marine euglena (real time) and spirulines.
euhemeristic	By the euhemeristic Hellespontine Greeks Herodotus was told that Zalmoxis was really a man, formerly a slave of Pythagoras at Samos, who, having obtained his freedom and amassed great wealth, returned to Thrace, and instructed his fellow-tribesmen in the doctrines of Pythagoras and the arts of civilization.
eulogium	Euler's eulogium was enhanced by his desire to quit Berlin, d'Alembert's by his dread of a royal command to repair thither; and the result was that an invitation, conveying the wish of the greatest king in Europe to have the greatest mathematician at his court, was sent to Turin.
eulogy	No doubt this eulogy requires some reservations.
euphemism	In like manner, Sleep came to be used as a euphemism for Death.
eumenides	He comes to Attica and dies in the grove of the Eumenides at Colonus, in his death welcomed and pardoned by the fate which had pursued him throughout his life.
eupatorium	Clianthus Clivia Cobaea* Coleus Coprosma Cordyline Correa Cuphea Cyclamen Cyperus Cytisus Darwinia (Genetyllis) Diosma Dracaena Eccremocarpus* Epacris Epiphyllum Erica Eriostemon Erythrina Eucalyptus Eupatorium Eurya Ficus Fuchsia Grevillea Haemanthusf Heliotropium Hibiscus Hoya* Hydrangea Impatiens Jasminum * Justicia Kalosanthes Lachenaliaf Lantana Lapageria * Liliumt Lophospermum* Mandevillea* Manettia* Mutisia* Myrsiphyllum* Maurandya * Nerinef Nerium Pelargonium Petunia Pimelia Plumbago* Polianthesf Primula Rhododendron Richardia (Calla) f Salvia Sarracenia Solanum Sparmannia Statice Strelitzia Streptocarpus Swainsonia Tacsonia* Tecoma Tradescantia Vallotaf Spring Bedding.
eulogistic	Boyle, in whose works there are frequent eulogistic references to Bacon, regarded himself as a disciple and was indeed known as a second Bacon.
euphemistic	It has always been politic for powerful states to facilitate and hide schemes of aggrandizement under euphemistic expressions; to cloak subjection or dependence by describing it in words inoffensive or strictly applicable to other relations.
eunuch	In 374 he was assassinated by a eunuch from motives of private revenge.
euphemistically	President Buchanan soon afterward made him secretary of state, and in this position he at last had the satisfaction of obtaining from the British government an acknowledgment of the correctness of the American attitude with regard to the right of search (or visitation, as Great Britain euphemistically termed it).
euphoria	This one would not feel euphoria, only pain and terror.
euphoric	I felt so euphoric over what we did yesterday, it was the first time I did something gratifying.
euphonium	In 1928 Rex joined the band on 2nd euphonium next to his brother Alex.
euphony	For the sake of euphony, a vowel is frequently interpolated between two consonants; e.g.
euphorbia	Sea spurge Euphorbia paralias and the nationally scarce dune fescue Vulpia fasciculata are frequent, while sea bindweed Calystegia soldanella is very local.
eureka	But to borrow Mr. Archimedes exclamation, Eureka!
euro	She joined them at the door with enough loose euro change for a couple of beers and dinner.
eurasian	Hence it naturally partakes somewhat of the forms of each, but is in the main Eurasian.
eutectoid	When of eutectoid composition, it is called hardenite.
euthanasia	If her condition worsens beyond repair, euthanasia may become your only option.
eutectic	The analogy between the breaking up of a solid solution on cooling and the formation of a eutectic is obvious.
europe	We're in northern Europe, so you can't go wrong with sweaters.
eutrophication	The Caithness site may be at risk from eutrophication if numbers of wintering geese increase markedly.
eutrophic	In the UK, naturally eutrophic lakes are rare.
evade	I've never met anyone who could evade a question as well as he can.
evacuate	I'll evacuate you as soon as it's safe.
european	The forces of a dozen European nations burst into Russia.
evaluator	The evaluator will conduct or have the examinee conduct a crew briefing per Task 1000.
evacuation	I just issued the evacuation order for those remaining.
evanescent	It is asked how any wisdom can be so evanescent.
evanescence	Long before Evanescence brought goth into the mainstream and every teenager in town was wearing black eyeliner, these 80s goth artists offered an darker alternative to those oh-so-glam New Romantics types of their day.
evangel	Putting aside the temporary Christian work of a Jesuit chaplain to the Japanese Christian General Konishe, in 1594 during the Japanese invasion, as well as that on a larger scale by students who received the evangel in the Roman form from Peking in 1792, and had made 4000 converts by the end of 1793, the first serious attempt at the conversion of Korea was made by the French Societe des Missions Etrangeres in 1835.
evangelic	The modifications, however, are all in a more spiritual direction, in keeping with the genuinely evangelic spirit which underlies and pervades even the allegorical ingenuities of the epistle.
evangelist	The evangelist is conscious of this aim.
evangelism	His observations remained as acute as ever, but were now delivered with worldly wisdom rather than drum-beating evangelism.
evangelicalism	It is much less certain that the disciplinary reforms which the council, following the example of its predecessors, re-enacted, owed anything to Protestantism, unless indeed the council would have shown itself less intolerant in respect to such innovations as the use of the vernacular in the services had this not smacked of evangelicalism.
evangelistic	Wesley and his helpers, finding the Anglican churches closed against them, took to preaching in the open air; and this method is still followed, more or less, in the aggressive evangelistic work of all the Methodist Churches.
evaluation	When symptoms continue even after treatment or to rule out the presence of other illnesses with similar symptoms, the diagnostic evaluation may include blood tests, a hydrogen breath test, or an x ray of the bowel, called a barium enema.
evaluate	He stopped to evaluate the gilded ornaments.
evangelize	He was zealous also in the cause of foreign missions, and in a sermon preached at the opening of the new century he urged that a supreme obligation rested upon Britain at this epoch in the world's history to seek to evangelize all nations.
evangelization	But as to the date and circumstances of its evangelization we have little reliable information.
evaporate	Hence it must either evaporate or sink into the soil.
evaporator	The multiple-effect evaporator, originally invented and constructed by Norberto Rilleux in New Orleans in 1840, has under gone many changes in design and construction since Effect that year.
evapotranspiration	The climate variable is based on three levels of potential evapotranspiration (ET ), which are represented by three sites in eastern Colorado.
evaporative	Any evaporative cooler has to have easy access to exterior air.
evasive	I know, and I guess I was deliberately a little evasive because I wanted you to learn to trust me.
evasion	In face of this no evasion was possible.
even	Even in sleep he was irresistible.
evangelical	Of the numerous other churches, Evangelical, Roman Catholic and Anglican, none are of special interest.
evening	That evening all the women got together to wrap gifts.
event	This is the fourth event in the past few days.
eventful	On the afternoon of that eventful day, I stood on the porch, dumb, expectant.
eventide	Abide With Me; fast falls the eventide; The darkness deepens; Lord with me abide.
evaporation	There was evaporation of water from the leaf.
evensong	Also at St Mary's the Chamber Choir sang a beautiful candlelit Evensong.
evenness	His marvellous physical and moral equilibrium gave him an evenness of temper which always renaered his society charming.
eventually	Eventually they stopped their chatter and fell silent.
evergreen	They are magnificent evergreen trees, with apparently whorled branches, and stiff, flattened, pointed leaves, found in Brazil and Chile, Polynesia and Australia.
eventuality	This eventuality was an unpleasant surprise.
everlasting	Composite plants, with everlasting flowers.
evermore	Such critics usually have little to offer as a clarion call beyond the shrill cry for evermore unbridled liberty.
evenly	With a serf population even this was not impossible; but as the beds of the canals were graded to no even slope, it did not follow that if water entered the head it would flow evenly on.
everybody	Everybody has a mother and father.
everyday	These activities were part of the culture of everyday life.
eversible	Alimentary canal rarely coiled, occasionally with glands which are simple caeca and sometimes serve as air reservoirs; jaws often present and an eversible pharynx.
eversion	As in all such introand e-versible organs, eversion of the Gastropod proboscis is effected by pressure communicated by the muscular body-wall to the liquid contents (blood) of the body-space, accompanied by the relaxation of the muscles which directly pull upon either the sides or the apex of the tubular organ.
everyone	Everyone was looking at her.
everywhere	Everywhere I go they follow me.
eve	On Christmas Eve, we sit in front of the fire and take turns reading Christmas stories.
eventual	His eventual success in France seemed certain.
everyman	If Viktor represents the Everyman, Dixon is a representation of the Government and the power it has over all of us.
evidence	He was trying to find incriminating evidence on Yancey.
evict	The new owner must evict you if you're still in the home.
evidential	Yet from the purely historical point of view its evidential value is not the same as that of St Mark.
eviction	By the second the tenant was secured from eviction except for non-payment of rent.
every	Every room is full.
everything	Everything is going fine with the house.
evince	Even the splash of the anchor in the water, and the noise of the cable running out through the hawse-hole, in no way disturbed them at their occupation, or caused them to evince the slightest curiosity.
evident	In the most evident sense they mean everything.
evocative	It was once the seat of one of the great trading empires of the ancient world, and is evocative of the past.
evidently	He had evidently decided to hang back a little longer.
evil	There is no evil here.
evolution	The doctrine of evolution in its finished and definite form is a modern product.
evolutional	Very curious, in relation to modern evolutional ideas, is the Stoical doctrine that our world is but one of a series of exactly 1 Zeller says that through this distinction Aristotle first made possible the idea of development.
evocation	Seeds of Peace offered a compelling evocation of the pain and futility of war.
ever	I don't think she was ever afraid of him.
evoke	The story about the country boy managed to evoke nostalgia.
evolve	On boiling with caustic potash they evolve hydrogen, yielding a phosphate.
evolutionism	Moreover, whatever the value of Goethe's labours in that field, they were not published before 1820, long after evolutionism had taken a new departure from the works of Treviranus and Lamarck - the first of its advocates who were equipped for their task with the needful large and accurate knowledge of the phenomena of life as a whole.
evolute	The determination of the true relation between the length of a pendulum and the time of its oscillation; the invention of the theory of evolutes; the discovery, hence ensuing, that the cycloid is its own evolute, and is strictly isochronous; the ingenious although practically inoperative idea of correcting the circular error of the pendulum by applying cycloidal cheeks to clocks - were all contained in this remarkable treatise.
evolutionist	Spencer claims, with some reason, that he was always an evolutionist.
exacerbate	He wanted desperately to put his arms around her but knew he'd just exacerbate the situation.
evolutionary	The next type of heresy may be called evolutionary or formatory.
exacerbation	The periodicity shows itself in the form of an exacerbation of the still continuing fever, and that exacerbation may take place twentyfour hours after the first onset, or the interval may be only half that period, or it may be double.
ewe	The ewe had more than she could feed.
ewer	Picture shows ewer from the British Museum The British Museum has a handful of ancient materials from Afghanistan starting from 190 180 BC.
exactly	They weren't exactly best of friends.
exactness	In such a religion exactness of ritual must play a large part - so large, indeed, that many modern critics have been.
exaggerate	We must not exaggerate the result.
exactitude	At such moments of crisis it almost excelled human comprehension; the mind seems to have gathered to itself and summed up the balance of all human passions arranged for and against him, and to have calculated with unerring exactitude the consequences of each decision.
exacter	Schbnlein thus did something to introduce new and positive conceptions and exacter methods into Germany; but unfortunately his own mind retained the abstract habit of his country, and his abilities were dissipated in the mere speculations of Schelling.
exaggeration	He is notorious for his wilful exaggeration, both in narrative and numerical statements.
exaction	Further, owing to the carelessness of the Prussian negotiator, Napoleon was able to require the exaction of impossibly large sums from that exhausted land, and therefore to keep his troops in her chief fortresses.
exacting	These exacting tasks did not absorb all his energies.
ex	She purposely didn't take the bait that Gabriel might choose his ex over her.
exalted	As a patron of art Leo occupies a more exalted plane.
exam	One minute, Dr. Wynn was headed back towards Deidre's exam room.
exaggeratedly	Their pervasive reliance on others, even for minor tasks or decisions, makes them exaggeratedly cooperative out of fear of alienating those whose help their need.
examination	Both passed the examination successfully.
exalt	It was reserved for the 18th century to exalt Racine above Corneille.
exaltation	Lamennais, then in the height of his Catholic exaltation, persuaded Comte's mother to insist on her son being married with the religious ceremony, and as the younger Madame Comte apparently did not resist, the rite was duly performed, in spite of the fact that Comte was at the time raving mad.
examen	To check the reaction towards the old religion he wrote several works of great power, especially his Theologiae Jesuitarum praecipua capita (1562), an incisive attack on the principles of the society, and the Examen concilii Tridentini (four parts, 1565-66-72-73), his greatest work.
example	Now that was a good example of her imagination working over time.
examinee	The evaluator will evaluate the examinee 's use of TM 55-1520-234-CL or TM 55-1520-236-CL and, if applicable, TM 55-1520-236-MTF or TM 55-1520-244-MTF.
exact	I didn't have an exact date.
exaggerated	A student in a gray wig and exaggerated backside was at the sink, pretending to wash dishes.
examiner	Bezout, appointed examiner, of naval candidates.
exasperate	Alcohol has a tendency to exasperate already tense situations, so abstaining is usually a good way to go.
excavate	Bees can excavate timber and make their brood-chambers in hollow plant-stems.
exasperating	Anything more defiant and exasperating than this could not well have been said.
exceed	The channels between the islands do not exceed 2 meters.
exarchate	The Orthodox Church has metropolitans at Prizren, Durazzo, Berat, Iannina and Kortcha; the Bulgarian exarchate maintains a bishop at Dibra.
exasperation	Katie said with exasperation in her tone.
excel	The mountaineers excel also in a variety of petty trades.
exarch	At its close the provinces of Italy were placed beneath Greek dukes, controlled by a governor-general, entitled exarch, who ruled in the Byzantine emperors name at Ravenna.
excellent	He was an excellent horseman, and rode as if he were part of the horse.
excavator	The excavator also claimed to have found the omphalos itself.
examine	Lisa pulled a curtain back to examine the sky.
excellency	His excellency is staying in the same house with them.
excelsior	In the next month some pro-slavery men presented claims to a part of the land, projected a rival town to be called Excelsior on the same site, and threatened violence; but when Lawrence had organized its regulators the pro-slavery men retired and later agreed to a compromise by which the town site was limited to 640 acres.
excellently	It lies in an excellently fertile plain, 6 m.
excentric	Here BB is a large fixed iron cylinder, corrugated within, and C an excentric cylinder, also corrugated, which, in turning to the right, by the friction of its corrugated surface rotates the puddled ball D which has just entered at A, so that, turning around its own axis, it travels to the right and is gradually changed from a ball into a bloom, a rough cylindrical mass of white hot iron, still dripping with cinder.
excellence	The town is noted for the excellence of its pottery.
excepting	I made all of the gifts myself, excepting father's handkerchief.
exceptional	He knows there is someone or something out there that has weird and exceptional abilities.
exceptionally	He was an exceptionally handsome man.
exceedingly	It is exceedingly shallow, however, and is not of much importance as a waterway.
excavation	His latest excavation work was at Aegina.
excessive	Politicians use an excessive amount of hyperbole.
except	They won't even be together except weekends.
exchange	The exchange student was growling at her.
excerpt	The sentence was an excerpt from the letter.
exchequer	It is characteristic of the man that the exchequer should be the chief institution created in his reign.
exchangeable	Discontinued boots that are available at bargain prices are less likely to be returnable or even exchangeable, and since the Konas have sizing issues, you may find you have a boot you'll have to sell in turn.
exception	We can't expect them to make an exception for us.
excision	A similar instrument is used in surgery for operations involving the excision of portions of bone.
excipient	There are therefore in most prescriptions (i) a basis or chief ingredient intended to cure (curare), (2) an adjuvant to assist its action and make it cure quickly (cito), (3) a corrective to prevent or lessen any undesirable effect (tuto), and (4) a vehicle or excipient to make it suitable for administration and pleasant to the patient (jucunde).
excessively	For the most part it is excessively dry and barren.
excitability	Corticosteroids mediate a number of functions of mammalian brain, including blood pressure homeostasis, salt appetite and neuronal excitability.
exceeding	All are comparatively small animals, few of them exceeding the size of a rat.
excite	This will excite the curiosity of our structural engineers.
excise	In 1793, when the excise duty was 21d.
excitable	The presence of such dewlaps in lizards is always a sign of an excitable temper.
excitatory	They always use the neurotransmitter acetylcholine, and are always excitatory.
exciting	They still had something mysterious and exciting to explore.
excitingly	Most excitingly, eBay has a whole section devoted to motorcycles.
excitation	Will, according to Mr Spencer, is only another aspect of what is reason, memory or feeling - the difference lying in the fact that as will the nascent excitation (ideal motion) is conceived as passing into complete or full motion.
excitedly	Felipa turned excitedly to Alex.
exciter	We shall deduce the modes of vibration of the air column in a cylindrical pipe from the consideration that the air in motion within the pipe forms some part of a system of stationary waves, one train being formed by the exciter of the disturbance, and the other being formed by the reflection of the train at the end of the pipe.
excess	He even made grants in excess to the others from his own share.
exclamation	If Alex was a big question mark right now, Jonathan was an exclamation point.
exclaim	Looking around he would exclaim By George!
exclude	Exclude every trace of these organisms, and no change occurs.
excitement	As her excitement grew, she spoke faster.
exclusive	He was also dressed for the exclusive party.
exclusivity	Only American football seems sure of its continued dominance, one of the benefits of exclusivity.
exclusiveness	Society itself must take the initiative by breaking down the barriers of class exclusiveness and reviving a healthy public spirit.
excommunicate	He then proceeded to excommunicate a number of his minor lay enemies.
excommunication	On the 17th of July Innocent formally renewed the sentence of excommunication on the emperor, and declared him deposed from the imperial throne and that of Naples.
excluded	Maybe he felt excluded - or maybe he simply needed a little encouragement.
excrement	The larvae of the tortoise-beetles have the curious habit of forming an umbrella-like shield out of their own excrement, held in position by the upturned tail-process.
excreta	It was an era of cess pools and human excreta all round.
exclusion	Yet he didn't seem too affected by a life of pain, exclusion, and conflict.
excrescence	Occasionally a knob or excrescence, formed by the residue of the glass beyond the point at which the base has been pinched together, remains as a silent witness of the process.
excretion	During excretion they irritate the kidneys and the sweat-glands, and thereby increase the excretion of urine and of sweat.
excruciating	She was weak and the pain was excruciating, but she was determined to go home.
excrete	These tubes are shown to excrete nitrogenous waste products similar to uric acid.
exculpate	Both men were endeavouring to exculpate themselves, and therefore both statements are subject to suspicion.
excurrent	Probe passed into the superior division of the subpallial chamber through the excurrent siphonal notch, and issuing by the side of the foot into the inferior division of the sub-pallial chamber.
excited	He'd been so excited about his phone.
excretory	These vessels are the nitrogenous excretory organs.
excursus	Hamilton encouraging the confusion by speaking of psychology or metaphysics, 1 while his lectures on metaphysics are mainly taken up with what belongs in the strictest sense to psychology proper, with an occasional excursus (as in the theory of perception) into epistemology.
excusable	Yet somehow the luck element seems excusable in this game.
excursion	Half the total excursion is called the amplitude.
execrable	Pitt called him an execrable, a sole minister who had renounced the British nation.
executable	Any DOS diskette that has been properly formatted contains some executable code in its boot sector.
executioner	He'd been Damian's most trusted executioner for thousands of years.
executive	The ministers are members of the executive council.
execration	This young Mahratta, since known to universal execration as the arch-villain of the Mutiny, was secretly burning with a sense of injury received from the Indian government.
exe	The uplands of this district are bounded by the low alluvial plain of Sedgemoor on the east, by the lower basin of the Exe on the south, by the basin of the Taw (in part) on the west, and by the Bristol Channel on the north.
execute	No matter what he felt, he couldn't hesitate to execute his plan.
executor	Then he would have appointed her executor or something.
executrix	Mary was the sole executrix to whom Administration was granted.
exedra	From these side-valleys water was now conducted to Olympia, entering the Altis at its north-east corner by an arched canal which passed behind the treasure-houses to the reservoir at the back of the exedra.
excuse	Rather, he was looking for an excuse not to believe them.
exegete	As an exegete Theodoret belongs to the Antiochene school, of which Diodorus of Tarsus and Theodore of Mopsuestia were the heads.
exegetic	It will thus be seen that the term brahmanam applies not only to complete treatises of an exegetic nature, but also to single comments on particular texts or rites of which such a work would be made up.
exemplar	In the pursuit of pure science for its own sake, undisturbed by sordid considerations, he shone as a beacon light to younger men - an exemplar of simple tastes, robust nature and lofty aspirations.
exegesis	Very often, if not most frequently, it cannot be doubted that the occult religious significance depends on an artificial exegesis; but there are also poems of Hafiz, Saadi, and other writers, religious in their first intentions.
execution	Keep an eye on her and stay my execution order for now.
exegetical	This work is a mine of varied exegetical and philological details.
exemplification	His ideal was to restore the conditions which he supposed prevailed during the first three centuries of the Church's existence; but the celebrated Ecclesiastical Ordinances adopted by the town in 1541 and revised in 1561 failed fully to realize his ideas, which find a more complete exemplification in the regulations governing the French Church later.
exemplify	The teeth especially exemplify the carnivorous type in its highest condition of development.
exemplary	The support provided was exemplary in all areas.
exequatur	Article If abolished the need for reyal exequatur and placet for ecclesiastical publications, but stibordinated the enjoyment of temporalities by bishops and priests to the concession of state exequalur and placet.
exempt	He is also exempt from serving in the reserve forces or on a jury.
exemption	The report confirmed their exemption from military duty.
exes	If your relationships tend to close in a predictable manner, it might not just be your exes.
exfoliate	If you need to exfoliate, do it in the evening so your skin can recover some of its natural balance overnight.
exertion	His face blazed red from exertion, his eyes glowing brightly.
exert	He pulled back, having to exert considerable force against her surprising strength.
exhausted	She was exhausted but couldn't sleep.
exhalation	One of the constant features of respirationthe exhalation of carbon dioxide can still be observed.
exfoliation	A henna tattoo can last up to six weeks, as the dye slowly fades away through exfoliation.
exhale	Humans require relatively little oxygen, and plants are constantly transforming the carbon dioxide we exhale back into useful oxygen.
exercise	I see you're getting your exercise for the day.
exhaust	Among the exhaust fans most widely employed is the Guibal.
exhaustively	Butterflies, moths and bees are very abundant, the former being remarkable for their size and splendid coloration; but these groups have not been investigated exhaustively enough to afford a correct idea of their number or their true affinities.
exhauster	The vapours from the still pass through a condenser into a receiver, which is in communication with the exhauster.
exhausting	Hastings's personal task was to provide the ways and means for this exhausting war.
exfoliator	Also, use an exfoliator at least once a week to shed dead skin cells.
exhaustiveness	Pausanias makes no claim to exhaustiveness; he selected what was best worth noticing (Ta a i coXoyc.,rara).
exhaustion	Exhaustion forced her to sleep through the night.
exhaustive	The reader is referred to that paper for an exhaustive history and discussion of the intrument.
exhibitionist	Many people view the more exhibitionist approach as a way to signal a lack of inhibitions, but there are just as many people reading your ad who will interpret this as an invitation for a one-night roll in the hay.
exhibitionism	Obviously, not all women want to wear sheer swimwear, any more than they might want to wear Brazilians or slingshots, but for those women who have a streak of exhibitionism about them, body size should not be a mitigating factor.
exhibitioner	He then returned to Balliol as a Snell exhibitioner; became vicar of High Ercall, Shropshire, in 1750; canon of Windsor, 1762; bishop of Carlisle, 1787 (and also dean of Windsor, 1788); bishop of Salisbury, 1791.
exhilarating	This is always exhilarating and sublime.
exhilaration	Exhilaration filled her as she raced down the street.
exhibitor	We also have access to a smaller conference hall for exhibitor presentations, which is an unexpected bonus.
exhort	A friend of Irving's, Mrs Basil Montague, wrote to Miss Welsh, to exhort her to suppress her love for Irving, who had married Miss Martin in 1823.
exhorter	Henceforward he lived a life of unbroken seclusion at Vignay, his only subsequent public appearance being by means of a memoire which he addressed to the king in 1570 under the title Le But de la guerre et de la paix, ou discours du chancelier l'Hospital pour exhorter Charles IX.
exhortation	I gave a close exhortation to the Society, which seemed to sink into every heart.
exhumation	The story of the exhumation and coronation of the corpse of Inez has often been told.
exhibition	It is a wonderful exhibition of portraits, they say.
exigency	And of course to make the fundamental observation that architecture is the result of human agency and practical exigency.
exhibit	The authorities began to exhibit something of their old spirit.
exilic	The key must be sought in the exilic and post-exilic age where, unfortunately, direct and decisive evidence is lacking.
existent	Such schemes are widespread in the film sector, almost non existent for music.
existential	Her existential dilemma is that she doesn't want to be a grown-up.
existentialism	At the moment the Sartre list is reading existentialism and Humanism together.
exist	Electrostatic fields come from a voltage gradient and can exist when charge carriers are stationary.
exile	Even in the darkness of the exile period hopes did not die.
exit	You people need an exit strategy.
exodus	The condemnation precipitated an exodus to Rome.
exogamous	By preference the Andamanese are exogamous as regards sept and endogamous as regards tribe.
exonerate	In her quest to find the information needed to exonerate Viki, Karen took the stand.
exoneration	Under certain conditions, however, and on payment of a certain exoneration tax, exemption may still be purchased.
exogenous	In addition, the great majority have also another method of reproduction, for increasing the number of the parasites in any individual host; this is distinguished as multiplicative or endogenous reproduction, from the propagative or exogenous method (by means of the resistant spores), which serves for the infection of fresh hosts and secures the dissemination and survival of the species.
exogamy	But when we meet with a casual remark as to the tendency of the Tasmanians to take wives from other tribes than their own, it seems likely that they had some custom of exogamy which the foreigners did not understand.
exon	The Inquisitio Eliensis, the Exon Domesday (so called from the preservation of the volume at Exeter), and the second volume of Domesday Book, also all contain the full details which the original returns supplied.
exopodite	All the appendages are pediform and bi-ramose; all have a prominent gnathobase, and in all the exopodite carries a comb-like series of secondary processes.
exorbitantly	High quality diamonds can be exorbitantly expensive, and pink diamonds are among some of the costliest hues.
exorbitant	It was exorbitant and vexatious.
exorcism	The prevailing element in the incantations consists in the exorcism of devils.
exorcise	Exorcise your inner demon by dressing in black velvet and white lace.
existence	Their common gravestone is in existence at the present day, bearing date July 11, 1759.
exorcize	Is to exorcize the bewitchment of language to open the door to this perfect activity?
exorcist	The prostrations of the credens before the Perfect were in their manner and import identical with the prostrations of the catechumen before the exorcist.
exospore	The spores differ from those of ferns in their outer coat (exospore) being split up into four club-shaped hygroscopic threads (elaters) which are curled when moist, but become straightened when dry.
exoskeleton	Many corals have a hard exoskeleton made of calcium carbonate.
existing	This has no offline corollary and is economically empowering to so many people. 5. eBay and reallocating existing goods. eBay is actually a little like direct trade.
exoteric	This implies that the whole of Western theology has been an aberration or an exoteric veiling of the truth.'
exotic	He avidly collected exotic, fast cars.
exostosis	I am a twelve year old who suffers from multiple hereditary exostosis.
expanded	Over the years, the restaurant has expanded its menu to include subs.
exotically	He hadn't expected her to be as small or exotically beautiful as she was.
exotica	Other first-class timbers are koko (Albizzia lebbek), white chuglam (Terminalia bialata), black chuglam (Myristica irya), marble or zebra wood (Diospyros kurzii) and satin-wood (Murraya exotica), which differs from the satinwood of Ceylon (Chloroxylon swietenia).
exothermic	The coke (essentially impure carbon) burns in the blast of hot air to form carbon dioxide - a strongly exothermic reaction.
expansion	Six years later began the rapid expansion of Russia in Central Asia, and at the end xxiii.
expandable	The shorts also have expandable waistbands that give an extra few inches to each pair.
exotoxin	Clostridium tetani produces its clinical effects via a powerful exotoxin.
expansionism	This was the era of CND and I saw the key battle in terms of the West versus soviet expansionism.
expatiate	Religion may feel, like Tennyson's man in wrath, and may expatiate in an undefined awe; science alone is to possess the knowable.
expansionist	As an avowed expansionist, Pierce sympathized with the filibuster government set up in Nicaragua by William Walker, and finally accorded it recognition.
expect	I didn't expect you so soon.
expansive	His expansive nature loved width and space.
expatriate	They have been particularly prevalent in the expatriate market.
expectant	She met his expectant gaze.
expectation	Your natural expectation would be that they would talk, at least as well as Scooby does.
expatriation	The conflict is usually solved for practical purposes by an understanding which is approximately general, namely that, in cases not provided for by treaty, no state shall protect those whom it claims as its nationals while residing in the territory of another state which claims them as its own nationals by any title, whether jus soli, jus sanguinis, naturalization, or the refusal to allow expatriation.
expanse	There is a wide expanse of sandy shore, and bathing is excellent.
expected	I am a patient person by nature and fully expected to later take them one or two at a time.
expectedly	Unlike Aries who is expectedly busy at the front lines, a Scorpio is dark, brooding and internally active.
expectantly	When he continued to watch her expectantly, she turned to Carmen.
expectorant	Thus as it passes out by the bronchial mucous membrane it increases the amount of secretion and so acts as an expectorant.
expectancy	Normal life expectancy can be restored simply by therapeutic venesection.
expedite	Please expedite the delivery of the package.
expectoration	The expectoration soon becomes watery and profuse, with little whitish specks, which contain great quantities of bacilli.
expedition	The expedition started in western New York.
expand	A body made up of molecules of this kind will expand on heating.
expeditious	Volumetric methods are more expeditious and require less apparatus.
expeditiously	Enrolment in the army proceeded everywhere without friction, and much more expeditiously than the military authorities had expected.
expeditionary	During the spring and summer of 1915 a British and French Expeditionary Force attacked the Dardanelles.
expend	Even them, he was able to read, if he was willing to expend the effort needed to do so.
expense	I'm still waiting for his last expense account.
expensive	They were all dressed for a white tie party in expensive tuxedos.
experience	He has a lot of experience in these matters.
expediency	But even with regard to the expediency of such punishments we may have doubts.
expendable	The bike was a trophy from a time when Dean's budget contained more expendable income.
expel	She forced her lips to expel it.
expedient	Before considering observational data, it is expedient to mention various sources of uncertainty.
expensively	That is eloquent proof of the vast over production, expensively underwritten by the taxpayer.
experimental	His mother says there was a lot of experimental stuff done on him while he was out of it.
experiencer	Some of these stories, told directly by the experiencer, are very powerful.
experiential	In education, this is called Accreditation of prior experiential Learning .
experientialism	Enough has been said to show why the advance beyond the letter of Mill was inevitable while much in the spirit of Mill must necessarily affect deeply all later experientialism.
experimentalist	To the inventive activity of the discoverer he had already united the patient skill of the observer and the practical sagacity of the experimentalist.
expertise	I don't know that we have the expertise here to repair it at this time.
experimenter	Clausius, to such an extent as to put its general accuracy beyond a doubt; but it received enormous developments from Maxwell, who in this field appeared as an experimenter (on the laws of gaseous friction) as well as a mathematician.
experimentation	The twenties is still a time of experimentation and discovery.
expertly	Felipa smiled as she expertly tied a big red bow.
expenditure	Of the expenditure a large amount is absorbed by interest on debt.
experienced	Here they experienced a cruel disappointment.
expiation	The essential feature of the piaculum is that it is an expiation for wrong-doing, and the victim is often human.
expiate	From that time Conselheiro was a victim of remorse, and to expiate his sin became a missionary in the sertao or interior of Brazil among the wild Jagunco people.
expertness	When disturbed they make for the water, in which they swim and dive with expertness, often remaining below the surface for several minutes.
expire	My offer is good whether you expire in three months or an eternity.
experiment	I shut down my experiment at six o'clock.
experimentally	This simple type of life-history has been experimentally proved by Leuckart to be characteristic of Trichocephalus affinis, Oxyuris ambigua and other species.
explain	Let him explain all of it to his mother.
explainable	An effect similar to drift is observable at tennis, golf, base-ball and cricket; but this effect is explainable by the inequality of pressure due to a vortex of air carried along by the rotating ball, and the deviation is in the opposite direction of the drift observed in artillery practice, so artillerists are still awaiting theory and crucial experiment.
expiry	They date from the time of the legal expiry of each mans cornptilsory active service.
explanation	He gave no explanation and headed toward her bedroom.
expiatory	Rejecting the retributive view of punishment, he describes the sufferings of Christ as those of the perfect Penitent, and finds their expiatory value to lie in the Person of the Sufferer, the God-Man.
explanatory	These collections contain introductions and explanatory passages by the author.
expiring	Charitable and penal institutions are under the supervision of a Board of Public Charities, appointed by the governor for a period of six years, the terms of the different members expiring in different years.
expiratory	The flutter valve is a hand-held mucus clearance device designed to combine positive expiratory pressure (PEP) with high frequency airway oscillations.
expiration	A lease terminates at the expiration of the prescribed term.
expert	I'm going to be an expert if this keeps up.
explicit	I can see right now that I'm going to have to be more explicit when I talk to you.
expletive	Members of the band have come forward in Ashlee's defense, claiming that she is nothing short of awesome and her relationship with Pete has in no way contributed to their lack of Grammy nods, calling the very thought (expletive) absurd.
explicitness	Even these principles, however, may get a greater explicitness by dialectical treatment.' ?
explicable	Their origin is easily explicable.
explication	Among the manuscripts in the possession of the earl of Portsmouth there are many sheets in Sir Isaac's hand of Flamsteed's Explication of Hieroglyphic Figures, and in another hand many sheets of William Yworth's Processus Mysterii Magni Philosophicus.
exploit	An exploit unique in history had been achieved.
explode	These fields are about to explode with innovation and advancement.
exploitation	It was an exploitation of the patented invention.
explicitly	It starts from a fact and it often explicitly appeals to facts.
exploration	She was staring at him when his visual exploration was over.
exploded	Alarms sounded a few moments before the doors exploded off their hinges.
exploitative	Intervention is not intended to be exploitative, though some critics disagree.
explorer	These take their name from the explorer Vitus Bering.
explore	I was going to explore this path.
exploring	I was exploring and I fell off that bluff.
explorative	The worlds created for your explorative pleasure may seem similar in many respects, but the storylines are completely separate.In Final Fantasy 7, you play the main character Cloud Strife, a mercenary with a shadowy past.
explosively	All four of the halogens unite with hydrogen, but the affinity for hydrogen decreases as the atomic weight increases, hydrogen and fluorine uniting explosively at very low temperatures and in the dark, whilst hydrogen and iodine unite only at high temperatures, and even then the resulting compound is very readily decomposed by heat.
explosiveness	This way you get better stamina and explosiveness, your cardiovascular system gets trimmed with new capillaries and enhanced blood flow, and you get a nice metabolism boost.
exploratory	Exploratory work is associated intimately both with prospecting and with development, but the purpose is quite distinct from either prospecting, development or working, and it is of importance that this should be clearly recognized.
exponentially	The ability of humanity to destroy is now exponentially higher.
export	There is an export trade in opium.
exponent	His earliest work dealt mainly with mathematical subjects, and especially with quaternions (q.v.), of which he may be regarded as the leading exponent after their originator, Hamilton.
expo	Performed at the closing ceremony of the World Expo 2000, Hannover.
explosion	A second explosion threw him across the room.
expose	She tucked the spot into her jeans, trying not to expose her tears.
exportable	Exportable technology can function around the world.
explosive	It is decomposed by water with explosive violence.
expository	His works, mainly expository and polemical, have not been collected.
expostulation	Finding that expostulation had no effect upon his brother, he one day entered his apartment and stabbed him to the heart.
exponential	June is a month of seemingly exponential growth both for the weeds and your plants.
exporter	That theory is based upon the fact that after the opening of the country to foreign intercourse in 1857, hundreds of inferior specimens of netsuke were chiselled by inexpert hands, purchased wholesale by treaty-port merchants, and sent to New York, London and Paris, where, though they brought profit to the exporter, they also disgusted the connoisseur and soon earned discredit for their whole class.
expositor	His indefatigable exertions as a traveller, his skill and good fortune as a collector, his brilliance as a teacher and expositor, and his keenness as a controversialist no doubt aid largely in accounting for Spallanzani's exceptional fame among his contemporaries; yet greater qualities were by no means lacking.
exportation	The exportation of olive oil in 1898 was valued at 24,000.
express	I cannot find words to express to you my displeasure.
expressible	It will be shown later that all invariants, single or simultaneous, are expressible in terms of symbolic products.
expression	By the expression on his face, he wasn't exactly enjoying the conversation.
expound	From that time he gave up all worldly learning and laboured solely to expound spiritual things.
exposition	His special work was the exposition of the Old and New Testaments in the light of his great Oriental learning and according to his characteristic principle of natural explanation.
expounder	He was the propagandist of sentiments and aspirations rather than the expounder of a systematic theory.
expressionless	The man with the star regarded her with his calm, expressionless eyes.
expressionism	Abstract expressionism was a New York painting movement of the 1940's with its artistic roots based upon abstract art.
expressionist	He was searching for an abstract expressionist painting by de Kooning.
expressive	Her motions are often more expressive than any words, and she is as graceful as a nymph.
expressivity	However, many applications of DLs require expressivity that cannot be expressed in description logics.
expropriation	This class, who desired to own their own land, were believed to have been won over and pacified by the expropriation of the owners of the large estates.
expressway	Center, crosses the expressway by the footbridge at the far end of the SECC carpark, then alongside the Expressway to Partick.
expressly	It was expressly censured by Pope John XXI.
exquisite	In the middle of the table sat an exquisite fall floral arrangement.
exquisitely	You were exquisitely beautiful - standing against that wall looking so innocent – not posed like so many women do who have half as much to show off.
expunge	Perhaps it will expunge the hate and tragedy this room has seen.
ext	Consequently only a few of the original extensor muscles have been preserved, but these are much modified into very independent organs, notably the extensor metacarpi radialis longus, the ext.
exposure	Exposure at night should be avoided.
extemporaneous	From his youth he was diligent in his studies and a great reader, and during his college life showed a marked talent for extemporaneous speaking.
exserted	It is traversed by a canal from which a peculiar proboscis-like structure can be exserted.
extemporize	Psychologists, seeing that inference is a mental operation, often extemporize a theory of inference to the neglect of logic. But we have a double consciousness of inference.
extempore	He was a great extempore preacher and exposed to the peril of the unconsidered telling phrase.
expulsion	My expulsion hasn't gone over well, he said.
extension	The unprofitable extension of the telegraphs has largely contributed to the loss.
extensible	Other technologies were developed such as Dynamic HTML, Flash, XML (eXtensible Markup Language), and other protocols like PHP, AJAX and Ruby on Rails.
extensibility	It also has great extensibility for other media formats.
extensile	The strong claws make a hole in the side of the ant-hill, and the insects are collected on the extensile tongue.
extensional	The extensional rheometer developed at NPL was used to test these materials.
extant	His will, which is extant, was signed on the fourth day before his death.
extenuation	Death was the penalty for the least offence, and no past services - as Koes Mahommed was to find to his cost - were admitted in extenuation.
extend	Such plants perhaps extend to the most northern lands at present known.
extensor	This runs down the anterior and outer side of the upper arm, and is attached to the proximal tendon of the extensor metacarpi radialis longus, a little below the outer condyle of the humerus.
extensive	The hospital was much more extensive than I expected.
extensively	Tobacco is very extensively cultivated in the vicinity.
exterminator	The show features Billy Bretherton, an expert exterminator who founded his own company in Louisiana.
exterminate	They are forcing us to exterminate them.
extent	That was the extent of their conversation before Señor Medena cut in.
extermination	The most effective step would obviously be the extermination of the Anopheles mosquito.
externalism	A third influential position which emerged during this realist period was semantic externalism.
extended	He extended his hand.
externality	Certainly, this reveals a limitation of ' externality adders ' approaches.
externals	He had resided at Rome as a hostage, and afterwards for his pleasure at Athens, and had brought to his kingdom an admiration for republican institutions and an enthusiasm for Hellenic culture - or, at any rate, for its externals.
extinct	A number of small extinct volcanoes, however, appear in all directions.
externally	These posterior brain-lobes, which in all Heteronemertines are in direct continuity of tissue with the upper pair of principal lobes, cease to have this intimate connexion in the Metanemertini; and, although still constituted of (I) a ciliated duct, opening out externally, (2) nervous tissue surrounding it, and (3) histological elements distinctly different from the nervous, and most probably directly derived from the oesophageal outgrowths, they are nevertheless here no longer constantly situated behind the upper brain-lobes and directly connected with them, but are found sometimes behind, sometimes beside and sometimes before the brain-lobes.
extinguisher	The clerk was holding an extinguisher, shaking and cursing it.
external	In external ways Pierre had hardly changed at all.
extinguish	She adjusted the pillow and reached across him to extinguish her cigarette.
extol	The writer can not come up with a page that does not extol the virtues of brand name shopping.
extirpate	The farmer did his best to extirpate all of the weeds in his garden.
extine	They increase in size and acquire a cell-wall, which becomes differentiated into an outer cuticular layer, or extine, and an inner layer, or intine.
extortion	On his return to Rome (S4) he was accused of extortion in his province.
extirpation	Ziehen has noted exaltation of the jerk to follow extirpation of a cortical centre.
exterior	She headed for the door in the wall that led from the gardens to the exterior of the compound.
extortionate	Rather than try and pay extortionate rents on the main streets of cities, Slaters menswear stores are located on side streets and on upper floors of buildings, making them harder to find but cheaper to maintain.
extort	He came to supersede self-government by consuls, to deprive the cities of the privilege of making war on their own account and to extort his regalian rights of forage, food and lodging for his armies.
extinction	Extinction may come about indirectly and even more surely.
extracurricular	A common problem for many students involved in extracurricular activities is that they take on too much.
extractive	To calculate the practical economic extractive tonnage from a stratiform deposit.
extracellular	Insulin is made by the pancreas and facilitates the movement of glucose from the blood and extracellular fluids into the cells.
extractor	Hruschka's extractor, first brought to public xa cto s.X?
extradition	What about extradition, if a citizen of one country visits another and breaks the local law?
extract	To extract the metal, the pitchblende is first roasted in order to remove the arsenic and sulphur.
extradite	The USA would not extradite their citizens for us.
extraction	The increase in the output for a given time obtained by the use of the Krajewski crusher has been estimated at 20 to 25% and varies with the quality of the canes; while the yield of juice or extraction is increased by I or 2%.
extra	We have an extra room.
extraordinary	My parents were extraordinary people.
extramarital	In this overtly moralistic fable, Stu's extramarital sins are limited to taking off his wedding ring for his daily phone calls.
extraneous	If there are no extraneous forces, the resultant linear momentum is constant in every respect.
extraocular	Cranial nerve palsies of the third, fourth and sixth cranial nerve palsies of the third, fourth and sixth cranial nerves may occur, affecting extraocular motility.
extramural	Each course was repeated every 21 days. Response was assessed by extramural review of computed tomography scans.
extrapolate	You can't just extrapolate that kind of data from these results.
extraterrestrial	The extraterrestrial bodies which happen to find a resting-place on the earth are studied under the name of meteorites (q.v.).
extraordinarily	Its older parts are extraordinarily irregular.
extravagant	She always sent extravagant gifts to her daughter.
extrapolation	Wright wants to argue that we see Mary being an apostle, and thereby establishing female apostleship and, by extrapolation, female episcopacy.
extravagantly	These latter were conducted extravagantly, and badly administered.
extrauterine	A score in the 4-6 range indicates that the neonate is having difficulty adapting to extrauterine life, which in some cases may be related to medications given to the mother during labor, prematurity, or a rapid delivery.
extreme	The situation called for extreme measures.
extremely	It was an extremely easy victory for me.
extravasation	If there be a loss of tissue brought about by severe in j ury to the skin and the deeper tissues, there is usually an extravasation of blood from the severed vessels.
extravagance	The above remarks are an attempt to correct extravagance in either direction.
extricate	It was a long time before the dragoons could extricate the bleeding youth, beaten almost to death.
extremist	He was eventually assassinated by a Hindu extremist in 1948.
extravaganza	Both venues will be transformed into a gastronomic extravaganza.
extrinsic	Extrinsic aging is caused by external factors such as sun exposure and smoking.
extrovert	Often, a good match is to pair up an extrovert and introvert to balance out each other.
extremism	The way to counter religious extremism is not to give religion more influence.
exuberant	His poems, novels and comedies are full of wit and exuberant vitality.
exuberance	Dean smiled at Fred's exuberance but didn't contradict him.
extrusion	The extrusion itself depends enFIG.
exude	The whole of the green parts of the plant are covered with long soft hairs which exude a viscid juice, giving the surface a moist glutinous feeling.
exultation	On the other hand, neither was there any exultation after their victory.
extremity	Two fine inlets, Berkeley Sound and Port William, run far into the land at the northeastern extremity of the island.
exudate	All these dressings should not require a secondary dressing, as their absorbent padding should absorb minimal exudate from the wound.
exudation	On the French Alps a sweet exudation is found on the small branchlets of young larches in June and July, resembling manna in taste and laxative properties, and known as Manna de Briancon or Manna Brigantina; it occurs in small whitish irregular granular masses, which are removed in the morning before they are too much dried by the sun; this manna seems to differ little in composition from the sap of the tree, which also contains mannite; its cathartic powers are weaker than those of the manna of the manna ash (Fraximus ornus), but it is employed in France for the same purposes.
eye	I feel the twinkle of his eye in his handshake.
exultant	Now came an exultant brief from the pope.
eyebrow	She raised an eyebrow and leaned against the wall.
eyeglass	The main issue for eyeglass wearers is that beautiful eyes sometimes get hidden behind the lenses and frames.
eyeful	These days, you get an eyeful of rusty sheriff's badge on every other page.
eyeball	I still couldn't get an eyeball on them!
eyesore	Most people understand that plastic bags are an eyesore to the community but many think that the pollution stops there.
eyelet	Has a metal eyelet in each corner for easy wall hanging.
eyelid	Red inside eyelid, shown in bloodhounds and St Bernards.
eyewitness	Of Greece proper he saw but little; it is by no means certain that he even visited Athens, and though he describes Corinth as an eyewitness, it is clear that he was never at Delphi, and was not aware that the ruins of Mycenae still existed.
eyepiece	For the eyepiece the other rule holds; the object is represented by narrow pencils, and it is hence possible to subject the relatively great object, viz.
ezine	Zinester is one popular ezine source, but mailing list sites like Google Groups also contain a number of online newsletters.
eyre	The country round Lake Eyre, where some of the land is actually below sea-level, comes under this heading.
eyesight	Besides, their eyesight is pretty bad.
fa	Ordinarily, there are seven to 22 repeats of the frataxin gene; in FA, this sequence may be repeated between 800 to 1,000 times.
fable	The whole fable about how her stepson died was a fabrication.
fabled	Mythologically the white lily, Rosa Junonis, was fabled to have sprung from the milk of Hera.
fab	See Hyginus, Fab.
fabricate	You can also use silicone to make custom molds, which you can do yourself or have a manufacturer fabricate one for you.
fabliaux	The Cursor Mundi had turned religious history into something not very different from a romance of chivalry, and in the stories of Handlyng Synne the influence of the fabliaux is not far to seek.
fabian	Fabian was martyred during the persecution under the emperor Decius, his death taking place on the 10th of January 250, and was buried in the catacomb of Calixtus, where a memorial has been found.
fabricated	There were several complex structures to be fabricated.
fabrication	The fabrication of paper out of wood is also rapidly growing.
fabulous	The story is related with various fabulous accompaniments.
fabricator	Nothing is now extant to prove that, if this lady really existed, she was the Laura of the Canzoniere, while there are reasons for suspecting that the abbe was either the fabricator of a romance flattering to his own family, or the dupe, of some previous impostor.
facade	On each side of the facade is a massive tower of four storeys.
face	She made a face at him.
facet	He shouldn't try to control every facet of her life.
fabulously	For $112.00, this is a fabulously chic handbag!
facetious	Tom thinks he's being funny, but he's only being facetious and rude.
faceted	A bay window is a multi faceted structure including mullions.
faceless	She pushed away the faceless fear.
facia	The document itself provided for an elected committee of twenty-five barons, whose duty was to compel John, by force if necessary, to keep his promises; but this was evidently regarded as insufficient, and the matter was dealt with in a supplementary treaty (Conventio facia inter regem Angliae et barones ejusdum regni).
facilitate	This will facilitate learning.
fabric	A roughly sewn piece of fabric was tied around her eyes.
facility	Be safe, and don't be in the facility when the alarm rearms.
facile	Such was the first conquest of Ireland, a conquest too facile to be secure.
facially	Ginger wasn't as facially pretty as Paulette but her figureâ€”stately and fullâ€”and her dressâ€”expensive and tastefulâ€” paled her sister-in-law like a queen visitor at a homeless shelter.
fact	In fact, now she felt nothing.
facsimile	Johnson published a fine facsimile of the volume in 1936.
faction	Dissensions, however, soon broke out between the military faction and the civilians.
facilitation	Its primary role in the body is formation of bones through the facilitation of calcium absorption.
facies	The resemblances consist, in fact, not so much in the existence of one general facies running through the regions, as is the case with the northern flora, but in the presence of peculiar types, such ai those belonging to the families Restiaceae, Proteaceae, Ericaceae Mutisiaceac and Rutaceae.
faced	Gabe faced the ocean.
factionalism	October also saw factionalism develop within the Communist League.
factitious	The name has by some later Oriental writers been modified into Hindu Koh (mountain), but this is factitious, and throws no more light on the origin of the title.
factor	The other factor was that he was doing what he had always dreamed of doing.
factional	When the convention met and the balloting began, the contest along these factional lines started in earnest.
factious	The contest was bitter, personal, factious and full of intrigue.
f	From the time your period begins until ovulation, your temperature will vary between 97.2 degrees F and 97.6 degrees F, but from the time of ovulation until your next period begins, your BBT will typically raise as much as one degree.
facing	She watched him go before facing Jule.
facto	The independence of Lithuania de facto was recognized by Sweden, Norway, England, Esthonia, Finland, France and Poland; de jure by Germany on March 23 1918, by Soviet Russia on July 12 1920, by Latvia and Esthonia in Feb.
factoring	Just to demonstrate the basics of this formula, we're not factoring in interest.
facture	Since the advent of the incandescent mantle, the efficiency of which is dependent upon the heating power of the gas more than on its illuminating power, the manu facture of coal gas has undergone considerable modifications.
factually	Beside, many of the exhibits are out of their time, or factually inaccurate.
factotum	His activity was prodigious, and Catharine called him her factotum.
factual	His factual response chilled her.
facultative	The provisions of neither convention are obligatory, but merely facultative, amounting only to recommendations.
faddish	Some drawbacks are that the clothes are too faddish, don't run true to size and can be picked over.
faculae	These features include the dark sunspots, the bright faculae, and granules.
fade	He stood over her, watching the life fade from her eyes.
faeces	It was also shown that animals may become infected through the faeces of a flea which has been fed on plague-infected rats.
fader	Mixing in GigaStudio GigaStudio 3.0 has a capable digital mixer built-in, with 128 channels and 32 fader groups.
fad	They want to be with the latest fad or fashion.
faecal	Sir Charles Cameron attributes the prevalence of typhoid in certain areas in Dublin to the soil becoming saturated with faecal matter and specifically infected.
faerie	Just to let you know I've just listed a beautiful faerie with a difference!
facial	His facial features suggested a stolid character.
fading	It blazed before fading to a flicker.
faculty	Added to this she had a wonderful faculty for description.
fail	I won't fail again, Dusty, I promise.
faery	I do not think I have told you that my dear teacher is reading The Faery Queen to me.
factory	The fifth man was the factory lad in the loose cloak.
fahrenheit	In the measurement of temperature the Fahrenheit scale is still followed for imperial standards, and the Centigrade scale for metric standards.
fain	He would fain have desired liberty, but all hope of it was gone.
faint	Her heartbeat was faint and slow.
faille	The southern boundary of this belt is formed by a great thrust-plane, the faille du midi, along which the Devonian beds of the south have been thrust over the carboniferous beds of the coalfield.
fair	They are fair and wise.
faintly	Jenn smiled faintly with a nod.
fainting	I don't want you fainting and breaking your neck or something.
faience	Okamuia Yasutaro, commonly called Shozan, produces specimens which only a very acute connoisseur can distinguish from the work of Nomura Ninsei; Tanzan Rokuros half-tint enamels and soft creamy glazes would have stood high in any epoch; Taizan YOhei produces Awata faience not inferior to that of former days; Kagiya SObei worthily supports the reputation of the KinkOzan ware; Kawamoto Eijiro has made to the order of a well-known KiOto firm many specimens now figuring in foreign collections as old masterpieces; and ItO TOzan succeeds in decorating faience with seven colors sons couverte (black, green, blue, russetred, tea-brown, purple and peach), a feat never before accomplished.
fairly	He was cast out of the Immortal world fairly young.
fairness	Whatever happened, Dean knew he could count on the sheriff's fairness and honesty.
faintness	Dizziness, faintness, and mental confusion are often present, as is a rapid, weak pulse.
fairy	He was in a fairy kingdom where everything was possible.
fairway	With a private heated south facing pool over looking the golf fairway.
faith	Don't lose faith in yourself.
failing	I'm failing every one of them.
fairing	If your bike has a fairing, remove its lower section.
fairyland	So watch out you may be entering a fairyland soon.
faints	Occasionally, some individuals say they have blurred vision, feelings of unreality, faints, blackouts or even epileptic fits.
faithless	In later Judaism it was the purgatory of faithless Jews, who at last reached Paradise, but it.
faithlessness	Israel's faithlessness is shown in idolatry and the prevailing corruption of the high places in which the old Canaanite Baal was worshipped instead of Yahweh.
faithfulness	Peter protested faithfulness unto death, but was told.
faithfully	If they be willing faithfully to serve it, that satisfies.
failure	Each success has some failure along the way.
fakir	January onwards The Fakir of Ipi makes repeated attempts to foment unrest against British colonial rule in India's North-West Frontier Province.
falcon	They call me 'little falcon' in the regiment.
falconry	It is clear from the frequent references to dogs and hawks in the charters that hunting and falconry were keenly pursued by the kings and their retinues.
falconer	Falconer's Bampton Lectures in 1811.
faithful	I thank you all for your hard and faithful service.
fallacious	In no case is the evidence of the senses fallacious or mendacious; the fallacy is in the inference.
faliscan	In the Chalcidian alphabet the symbol for x was placed after the symbols common to all Greek alphabets, a position which X retains in the Latin (and also in the Faliscan) alphabet.
fallback	Therefore, we strongly recommend that authorized consignors make the necessary arrangements to obtain a fallback stamp as soon as possible.
fallibility	The argument is a strange one to have been used by a man who had maintained so strongly that we have the testimony of all history to prove the extreme fallibility of consciousness.
fallacy	Paradox, however, soon becomes stale, and fallacy wearisome.
fallible	He was fallible like everyone else.
fallers	These rollers present the silk to a set of fallers (steel bars into which are fixed fine steel pins), which carry forward the silk to another pair of rollers, which draw the silk through the pins of the fallers and present it to the rollers in a continuous way, thus forming a ribbon of silk called a sliver.
false	Is it possible that something else could cause a false test?
fallowing	Summer fallowing for wheat is a practice that has gained ground in the North-West Provinces.
fallow	The hill fields are left fallow for ten years after two years' cultivation.
falsetto	Bizarre vespers followed, sung falsetto and consisting of a medley of extracts from all the vespers of the year.
fallopian	The Fallopian tubes receive the ova and carry them to the uterus.
fake	I thought it was all fake, for the show.
falsehood	In these truth and falsehood are mingled.
falsely	Some historians say that he was falsely accused of rebellion.
falseness	But the truth or falseness of socialism does not affect the theory of history.
falsify	Remember, it is a crime to falsify information on medical or dental insurance claim forms.
falter	Hearing the whole truth makes me falter a bit when I think about what happened.
falsification	He is indeed free from the grosser faults of deliberate Critical injustice and falsification, and he resists that temptation to invent, to which the minds of authors are only too method.
falsity	But these indirect benefits were quite independent of the truth or falsity of his theoretical system.
faltering	Something about his faltering response gave her strength.
familiar	The name wasn't familiar to me.
fam	See Cicero, Ad Fam.
familiarize	It may also have helped to familiarize the Hindu mind with the idea of an empire, which appeared among them later than in other Asiatic countries.
familial	For familial cases, no single gene has been identified that strongly predisposes a person to MS.
family	What a big family it was!
familiarly	The monoxide and its hydrate are more familiarly known as lime (q.v.) and slakedlime.
fall	Does the rain fall there?
famous	It is still a famous school.
familiarity	I am convinced that Helen's use of English is due largely to her familiarity with books.
famously	Albert Einstein reflected this when he famously said, I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
fallen	She had fallen off a bluff.
fanatic	If the horseracing fanatic, Brandon, was there, he'd call this man a wild mustang.
fame	But his fame rests mainly on his theological works.
fanatically	The fierce mining population of the town was mainly German, and fanatically Catholic, in contrast with Prague, which was Czech and utraquist.
fanciful	It was too fanciful to look so far ahead when he needed to determine how to prevent his people from starving.
famed	Liege is specially famed for the technical schools attached to it.
famine	There was a great famine in Rome.
fanatical	He's fanatical about all of Quinn's equipment too.
fancifully	As the waves of the sea are fancifully compared to horses, so a field of corn, waving in the breeze, may be said to represent the wedding of the sea-god and the corn-goddess.
fandango	He was a talented musician, and could do a fine fandango.
fanaticism	We know but little of Isaiah's predecessors and models in the prophetic art (it were fanaticism to exclude the element of human preparation); but certainly even the acknowledged prophecies of Isaiah (and much more the disputed ones) could no more have come into existence suddenly and without warning than the masterpieces of Shakespeare.
fane	It was the most eastern of the chapels in that ancient fane.
fancier	Longer styles are fancier and classier, but shorter styles are flirty and fun.
fanfare	Two elves at the front of the sleigh blew a trumpet fanfare.
fang	At the touch of the first fang, her eyes flew open.
fanlight	The part-glazed door is surmounted by a 4-pane fanlight.
fanged	He looked human, aside from the fanged smile.
fantail	A four storied brick tower mill with ogee cap, eight bladed fantail and four single sided patent sails rotating anti clockwise.
fan	I am a huge fan of heritage meats.
fantasia	O sacrum convivium appears to have its origins as an instrumental fantasia and then to have been re-written as a vocal piece.
fanny	He was a native of Berri, like herself, a stern but kindly taskmaster who treated her much as Dr Johnson treated Fanny Burney.
fantasize	What does he fantasize doing with you?
fantasy	Now you come to me with this ... fairy tale fantasy about a magic room.
fancy	Fancy seeing you alive.
fantastically	Don't miss the tropical house, where fantastically beautiful hummingbirds come right up close to you.
fanzine	Davy actually used to run a free fanzine called ' Lets Get Crazy ' .
faq	The website includes a useful FAQ section.
fao	There is a lightship in the Shatt al 'Arab bar, which is very completely buoyed and lighted throughout its length from the lightship to Fao, where there is a fixed light.
farcical	With the end of the Persian Wars, the original object of ostracism was removed, but it continued in use for forty years and was revived in 417 B.C. It now became a mere party weapon and the farcical result of its use in 417 in the case of Hyperbolus led to its abolition either at once, or, as Lugebil seeks to prove, in the archonship of Euclides (403 B.C.).
farewell	Deep down, he suspected it was her farewell to him.
farce	Why did he continue the farce when he must realize she had him pegged?
farinaceous	Should these rules be insufficient, then (4) proteid and farinaceous food should be taken in separate meals - farinaceous food at breakfast, proteid alone at lunch; farinaceous in the afternoon, and proteid again in the evening.
farm	A farm boy gone city.
farmer	The farmer replies, You can't get there from here.
fantastic	The buildings were usually battlemented in fantastic form.
farina	There he became a convert from republicanism to monarchism, being convinced that only under the auspices of King Victor Emmanuel could Italy be freed, and together with Giorgio Pallavicini and Giuseppe La Farina he founded the Societd Nazionale Italiana with the object of propagating the idea of unity under the Piedmontese monarchy.
far	They have a camp not far away.
fare	Clothes don't fare very well through the transformation.
farmyard	The approach is down an attractive farm lane which leads into the old farmyard with plenty of parking space.
farmland	You have access to the adjacent farmland; so, use the meadow for feeding.
fart	If you swallow a burp does it turn into a fart?
farriery	The county councils also expend sums varying at their own discretion on instruction in dairy-work, poultry-keeping, farriery and veterinary science, horticulture, agricultural experiments, agricultural lectures at various centres, scholarships at, and grants to, agricultural colleges and schools; the whole amount in 1904-1905 reaching £87,472.1 The sum spent by individual counties varies considerably.
faro	He approached St Faro, the bishop of Meaux, to whom he made known his desire to live a life of solitude in the forest.
farmstead	The old farmstead was empty.
farrier	Her accomplishments included farrier skills and equine care.
farrow	Thanks also go to Emma Farrow for helping out on solo euphonium.
fartlek	One popular form of interval training is fartlek, a Swedish word that means speed play.
fasces	The place is little mentioned in ancient literature, though Silius Italicus tells us that it was hence that the Romans took their magisterial insignia (fasces, curule chair, purple toga and brazen trumpets), and it was undoubtedly one of the twelve cities of Etruria.
farthing	He says, I won't spend a farthing on him.
farthest	The farthest point reached was lat.
fascia	The plantar fascia is a fibrous support for the arch of the foot.
fascinate	The sky was sparkly enough to fascinate her.
fascinating	It was a bewildering and fascinating place.
fasciculus	In 1885 Professor Heinrich Thorbeckebegan an edition of the text based on the Berlin codex, but only the first fasciculus, containing forty-two poems, had appeared when his work was cut short by death.
fasciculation	These include stiffness at rest, slow muscle relaxation, and spontaneous contractions of a muscle at rest (fasciculation).
farther	She fell farther than she expected.
fascination	I couldn't figure out his fascination with her at the time.
fascist	Some, no doubt, would choose a fascist dictator!
fascism	Fascism began to spring up in several European states after the struggles of World War I.
fashionable	I don't think it would be fashionable if I wore a ski mask.
farming	The conversation drifted from farming to the weather.
fast	It was all so fast that she didn't have time to think.
fastened	These blocks were fastened to a diaphragm of wood.
fastener	A ready to use, quick set impact fastener with high expansion.
fastening	Fastening the snaps, she rolled up the sleeves and washed her hands.
fasti	The particulars of Arbuthnot's life are found in Calderwood, Spottiswood, and other Church historians, and in Scott's Fasti Ecclesiae Scoticanae.
fashionably	I know you're trying to stay fashionably thin, but the truth is...
fastidious	Denton was fastidious about his appearance and he expected the woman at his side to mirror that image.
fasten	Then, with the Wizard's help, he tried to fasten some of the wings to the old cab-horse.
fat	I feel fat and lazy.
fastigiate	The true balsam poplar, or tacamahac, P. balsamifera, abundant in most parts of Canada and the northern States, is a tree of rather large growth, often of somewhat fastigiate habit, with round shoots and oblong-ovate sharp-pointed leaves, the base never cordate, the petioles round, and the disk deep glossy green above but somewhat downy below.
fastness	The color also has a smooth gloss finish whilst possessing superior light fastness.
fashioned	The people were dressed in old fashioned clothes.
fatally	Stewart was fatally wounded, an advance was made at 3 P.M.
fatalism	This leads to autocracy in politics, fatalism in religion and conservatism in both.
fate	It's your fate, but I feel like you know this.
fashion	It's one thing to buy clothes that are in fashion because you like them.
father	Father will buy me a lovely new watch.
fatherland	The ribbon is red with the motto For Love and Fatherland in silver letters.
fateful	By this fateful decision Napoleon's fall was assured.
fatalistic	The essence of the fatalistic doctrine is that it assigns no place at all to the initiative of the individual, or to rational sequence of events.
fated	You said once we were fated to be lovers.
fathom	He could not fathom the depth of the ocean.
fatherless	The fatherless child had sore trials.
fatherhood	The Rt. Rev. Phillips Brooks has explained to her in a beautiful way the fatherhood of God.
fatality	In these very hot drifts the fatality was large.
fatherly	The Mason smiled with his gentle fatherly smile.
fatiguing	Travel across the bad lands is very fatiguing because of the many small ascents and descents; and it is from this that their name, mauvaises terres pour traverser, was given by the early French voyageurs.
fatal	The council had also a fatal defect in its constitution.
fathomless	His dark eyes were fathomless in the moonlight.
fatness	The main point seems to be a tendency to slackness, fatness and excess of humours.
fathoms	Below 500 fathoms the western centres of maximum disappear, and higher temperatures occur in the eastern Atlantic off the Iberian peninsula and north-western Africa down to at least 1000 fathoms; at still greater depths temperature gradually becomes more and more uniform.
fatten	Its highly nutritious leaves and stems are usually consumed by folding the sheep upon it where it grows, there is no green food upon which they fatten faster.
fatuous	This is going to sound completely fatuous, but it's my honest answer.
fatuity	But with almost incredible fatuity, they adopted Greeley as their candidate.
faubourg	The withdrawal of Mersenne in 1614 to a post in the provinces was the signal for Descartes to abandon social life and shut himself up for nearly two years in a secluded house of the faubourg St Germain.
fatigue	Perhaps it was fatigue from the long journey.
faultless	The rest of the spec is pretty much faultless.
faucet	She turned on the faucet, plunging her hands under the icy stream of water and gasped.
fats	The neutral fats are composed of fatty acids and glycerin.
faun	It doesn't even hurt anymore!' 'I make all things new,' said the faun.
faulty	A rigorous demonstration was wanting for many years, Leonhard Euler's proof for negative and fractional values being faulty, and was finally given by Niels Heinrik Abel.
faunal	Where two of the faunal realms meet there is usually, though not always, a mixing of faunas.
fatty	Owing to their possession of this common property, these natural fatty bodies and various artificial derivatives of glycerin, which behave in the same way when treated with alkalis, are known as glycerides.
favorite	She's my favorite character.
faunus	The primary attitude of man to the numina seems clearly to be one of fear, which survives prominently in the impish character of certain of the spirits of the countryside, such as Faunus and Inuus, and is always seen in the underlying conception of religio, a sense of awe in the presence of a superhuman power.
fauna	Asia, the same fauna extending in Siberia as far as the Yenisei and the Lena.
fault	Don't dare to say it was her fault.
favoritism	Before starting his career, the nephew of Francis Ford Coppola, Cage changed his last name to avoid favoritism in his career due to his famous relative.
favorable	In spite of the favorable news, Howie remained, in a word, a mess.
favourite	At first his favourite subject was classics.
favouritism	The whole affair was mixed up with insinuations against Lord Hastings, especially charging him with having been actuated by favouritism towards one of the partners in the firm.
fawn	The doe is of a light fawn colour and has no horns.
favourably	The book was favourably received, and was republished in 1820.
favus	In the disease of the scalp called favus, Schonlein had discovered a minute mycelial fungus; a remarkable discovery, for it was the first conspicuous step in the attribution of diseases to the action of minute parasites.
favored	She favored him with a bright smile.
favor	Do me a favor and don't listen to Dulce.
fay	This fay by enchantment built the castle of Lusignan for her husband.
fc	In order to restore the substance to its original temperature 0' at constant pressure, it would be necessary to supply a further quantity of heat, H, represented by the area between the two adiabatics from FC down to the absolute zero.
faze	Her slap didn't even faze him.
fawning	Jessi wasn't certain if she should be laughing or horrified by the fawning women.
favour	The pastime found favour with the Stuarts.
fax	Petty tyrannies gave place to the great Fax Romana.
fear	For a long time he wandered in fear from place to place.
fearful	Her large eyes were fearful once again.
fbi	You think perhaps the FBI is behind it?
fd	For a single pulley of diameter D, turning on a fixed pin of diameter d, the relation of the effort E to the load W, where f is the coefficient of friction, is expressed by E/W = (D-pfd)/(D - fd) _ 1 +2fd/D approximately.
fealty	The Moslem inhabitants are mainly of Turkoman origin, and used to owe fealty to chieftains of the family of Chapan Oglu, whose headquarters were at Yuzgat in Cappadocia.
fearfully	She gazed at him fearfully, terrified he was leaving her.
fearfulness	Other signs of distress include anger, fearfulness, nightmares, fantasies, and withdrawal.
fearlessness	The love of power was supported by a splendid fearlessness.
fearless	John the Fearless then began negotiations with the English, while Bernard VII., appointed constable in place of the count of SaintPol, who had been killed at Agincourt, returned to defend Paris.
feast	He'll attend you at the feast this evening.
feasibility	It follows on from a feasibility study into re-use.
feasibly	Can your parents, feasibly, be physically hurt by a prank?
feat	Getting the iron hot was no easy feat.
fco	Should the WHO change the level of their global pandemic alert, the FCO will update travel advice accordingly.
fearsome	The fells are not so fearsome but are just as dramatic.
feathered	The feathered tribes are everywhere abundant in the fields, woods and marshes.
feathering	Away from the Kenyan Coast some individuals do show some red throat feathering.
featured	Find out about progress on the scheme, in our updates featured below You will need adobe acrobat to view these updates.
featherweight	Would we expect a featherweight boxer to be pitted against a heavyweight?
feather	I was light as a feather back then.
feasible	It is not feasible to monitor such a range of organisms.
feathery	For cutting, its light feathery sprays are useful.
featureless	Elsewhere the floor of the valley is a featureless, treeless plain.
fearlessly	Colbert sternly and fearlessly set about his task.
febrile	The vast majority of febrile convulsions are not serious.
fecal	A large number of fecal concretions were also recorded.
feces	Pets Dead skin flakes, urine, feces, saliva, and hair can trigger asthma.
feb	He protested, in Feb.
febrifuge	The bark is of some value as a tonic and febrifuge.
favourable	Under favourable conditions more than half the light is polarized.
fecundity	Such is their fecundity that it has been asserted that one female (probably of P. vestimenti) may in eight weeks produce five thousand descendants.
feature	Her favorite feature, her eyes, had always been a pretty shade of turquoise.
fecund	Zebrafish are highly fecund -each female is capable of laying 200 eggs per clutch.
federally	The avifauna includes the federally endangered southern bald eagle Haliaeetus leucocephalus and peregrine falcon Falco peregrinus which successfully breeds here.
fecundation	Bonnet affirms that, before fecundation, the hen's egg contains an excessively minute but complete chick; and that fecundation and incubation simply cause this germ to absorb nutritious matters, which are deposited in the interstices of the elementary structures of which the miniature chick, or germ, is made up.
federalism	It is sometimes said that Federalism died because the Republicans took over its principles of nationality.
federate	At the time of the first annexation of the Transvaal the Free State declined Lord Carnarvon's invitation to federate with the other South African communities.
feeble	Their government was feeble and corrupt.
federative	I am making a family of kings attached to my federative system.
federalist	Most of the Federalists of 1787-1788 became members of the later Federalist Party.
feebleness	Despite his age and feebleness, Gregory displayed remarkable energy.
feed	I'm going to feed the chickens.
february	On the 28th of February they celebrated her thirtieth birthday.
fedora	You can go the old-fashioned gangster route with pinstripes, a long watch chain and fedora.
feebly	The fire flickered feebly, its passion curbed by time as well.
feeding	Who are you feeding on?
federation	He had been a member of the Social Democratic Federation since 1883.
feel	I feel much better now.
federal	The postal services and the telegraphs are administered by the federal government.
feeder	She filled the feeder and let Destiny throw some grain through the fence.
feet	Gilbert was soon on his feet again.
feeler	A second ramus, the exopodite, often is also retained in the form of a palp or feeler.
feign	Cassie drew her brows down to feign a stern expression.
feedstock	The total cost to the consumer is estimated at $ 8.4 billion a year because producing the required corn feedstock increases corn prices.
feedback	We appreciate all feedback from our customers.
feigned	She punched him in the arm, and he feigned a look of pain.
fee	He is remunerated for his services by a fixed fee for each day the court sits.
feint	Invasion was but a feint, executed by an army too weak to do much harm.
feisty	I don't want to lose this feisty little jewel.
feldspar	Feldspar, quartz and granite are quarried in the environs.
felicitous	His arguments were felicitous, and his choice of language was the theme of constant admiration.
felicity	I was overcome with felicity when my first nephew was born.
feist	Le Livre des tournois, a book of ceremonial, and the allegorical romance, Conqueste qu'un chevalier nomme le Cuer d'amour espris feist d'une dame appelee Doulce Mercy, with other works ascribed to him, were perhaps dictated to his secretaries, or at least compiled under his direction.
feldspathic	The fundamental rocks of the island are gneisses, through which cut the feldspathic granites which form the Haghier massif.
felis	The Mexican cougar (Felis hippolestes aztecus) is found in the west.
feller	The new canine member of our family was a happy little feller with a fair dose of Cocker Spaniel in his genealogy.
felidae	The lion belongs to the genus Fells of Linnaeus (for the characters and position of which see Carnivora), and differs from the tiger and leopard in its uniform colouring, and from all the other Felidae in the hair of the top of the head, chin and neck, as far back as the shoulder, being not only much longer, but also differently disposed from the hair elsewhere, being erect or directed forwards, and so constituting the characteristic ornament called the mane.
fellah	The Coptic inhabitants are described in the article COPTS, and the rural population under FELLAH.
feline	With feline grace, he strode across the room.
felony	All this was abolished by the Felony Act 1870, which provided for the appointment of an administrator to the property of the convict.
felonious	When an old college friend points out the felonious nature of their relationship, Ezra began looking for new work - work that would take him away from Aria and help them to stay away from each other.
felon	The royal judges at Paris condemned John, as a felon, to death and the forfeiture of his fiefs (1203), and the murder of Arthur completed his ruin.
felsite	These are penetrated by intrusions of granitic and felsitic character; one of these masses in Papa Stour is a handsome pink felsite.
felsitic	These are penetrated by intrusions of granitic and felsitic character; one of these masses in Papa Stour is a handsome pink felsite.
felspar	Throughout much of the Piedmont Plateau and Mountain regions the decomposition of felspar and of other aluminous minerals has resulted in a deep soil of clay with which more or less sand is mixed.
fell	With that she fell asleep again.
fellowship	In 1838 he gained a fellowship, and graduated with first-class honours in 1839.
female	A friendly female voice answered.
felspathic	They are at a depth of about 12 ft., in slaty shale containing Llandeilo fossils and contemporaneous felspathic ash and scoriae.
felucca	The surname Miaoulis, which was added to his family name of Vokos, or Bokos, is said to be derived from the Turkish word miaoul, a felucca.
feeling	I don't want you to start feeling neglected.
felting	Pure New Wool - Chunky A chunky thickness pure new wool ideal for knitting, dyeing and felting.
fellow	The fellow worker promised to dig around and telephone back.
feminist	Wearing such short skirts is also the subject of much feminist debate.
feminism	By the late 1960s, feminism and the equal rights movement were in full swing.
femininity	Chloe offers a teen girl a graceful and sophisticated femininity.
felt	I didn't know you felt that way.
feminize	Nonylphenol ethoxylate has been shown in lab studies to increase breast cancer cells and feminize male fish.
feminization	The penis may be small, the testicles undescended (cryptorchidism) or various degrees of feminization of the genitals may be present.
fence	There was no riding the fence on this one.
femur	There is a slight ridge on the femur in the place of a third trochanter.
femoral	Femoral pores are absent.
fen	It lies in the midst of the flat fen country.
fencer	To carry the live current from the electric fencer to the fence line and to earth the electric fencer.
femora	These beetles, characterized by their skipping movements and enlarged hind femora, also attack the hop (Haltica concinna), the vine in America (Graptodera chalybea, Illig.), and numerous other species of plants, being specially harmful to seedlings and young growth.
feminine	Her voice was soft and as feminine as her shape.
fencing	They're fencing off an area for the goats to run.
fend	You left Sofi and Bianca to fend for themselves!
fender	Oiling's drums drive the sax and organ riffs while fender bass and guitar add extra rhythm to the proceedings.
fenianism	Cullen, therefore, while an ardent patriot, was consistently an opponent of Fenianism.
fenian	St Albans was also the headquarters of an attempted Fenian invasion of Canada in 1870.
fenestration	Trickle Vents, Building Regulation Approved Document F (Ventilation ), are they required for replacement fenestration?
fenny	We saw a blue-winged teal with 8 ducklings near Fenny.
fens	The fens are home to the nationally rare crested buckler fern.
fenland	He read plays, attended the village fairs, shot plovers in the fenland, and enjoyed a dance with his sisters.
fenugreek	Overall, fenugreek is a safe herb that has been proven to increase milk production in nursing mothers.
feoffee	The essential elements were livery of seisin (delivery of possession), which consisted in formally giving to the feoffee on the land a clod or turf, or a growing twig, as a symbol of the transfer of the land, and words by the feoffor declaratory of his intent to deliver possession to the feoffee with a limitation of the estate intended to be transferred.
fennel	Probably the hollow fennel stalk in which fire was carried got its place in myth from the very fact of its common use.
feoffor	The essential elements were livery of seisin (delivery of possession), which consisted in formally giving to the feoffee on the land a clod or turf, or a growing twig, as a symbol of the transfer of the land, and words by the feoffor declaratory of his intent to deliver possession to the feoffee with a limitation of the estate intended to be transferred.
feria	These dates are given in the following memorial distich with a frank indifference to quantity and metre Vult Crux, Lucia, Cinis, Charismata dia Quod det vota pia quarta sequens feria.
feral	The feral fauna was once rather varied.
feoffment	Previously, however, in August 1680, the duke of York had leased this territory for ro,000 years to William Penn, to whom he conveyed it by a deed of feoffment in August 1682; but differences in race and religion, economic rivalry between New Castle and the Pennsylvania towns, and petty political quarrels over representation and office holding, similar to those in the other American colonies, were so intense that Penn in 1691 appointed a special deputy governor for the lower counties.
ferly	Hys broder Edward thar thai fand 20 That thocht ferly Ic tak on hand That Thai fand 20 That thocht ferly Ic tak on hand That thai come hame sa prevely.
fermenter	The great news is that the equipment can be reused, including a fermenter, hydrometer, sulfite, siphoning system, carboy and airlock stopper.
fermentable	Loew, who prepared in 1885 a sweet, unfermentable syrup, which he named formose, C6H120e and, later, by using magnesia instead of lime, he obtained the fermentable methose.
ferment	An immense ferment took place.
fermenting	For years the controversy may have been fermenting in the college of presbyters at Alexandria.
ferocious	The stories of his ferocious savagery exceed belief.
fermentative	The preference exhibited by yeast cells for sugar molecules is shared by mould fungi and soluble enzymes in their fermentative actions.
fernery	Ascog Hall fernery and Garden Isle of Bute Award-winning restored Victorian fernery and gardens... .
fermentation	Are these invisible germs which cause fermentation always present in the atmosphere?
fern	Growing a fern is a great start to learning how to lok after your garden.
ferny	As an added bonus, this particular variety has golden, ferny leaves.
ferociously	It supposedly attacks quickly and ferociously leaving only the desiccated husks of its kills behind.
ferrate	It may be regarded as a ferroso-ferric oxide, FeO.Fe 2 O 3, or as iron ferrate, FeFe 2 '0 4.
ferocity	The signs at the zoo made visitors aware of the ferocity of the caged animals.
ferret	As the ferret enters the hole the rabbits flee before it, and are shot or caught by dogs as they break ground.
ferricyanide	They combine readily with the alkyl iodides to form alkyl acridinium iodides, which are readily transformed by the action of alkaline potassium ferricyanide to N-alkyl acridones.
ferrite	In the former case there is no later chance to remove sulphur, a minute quantity of which does great harm by leading to the formation of cementite instead of graphite and ferrite, and thus making the cast-iron castings too hard to be cut to exact shape with steel tools; in the latter case the converting or purifying processes, which are essentially oxidizing ones, though they remove the other impurities, carbon, silicon, phosphorus and manganese, are not well adapted to desulphurizing, which needs rather deoxidizing conditions, so as to cause the formation of calcium sulphide, than oxidizing ones.
ferritin	A common method of iron storage in the body is via a protein called ferritin.
ferric	In aqueous solution it gives a red colour with ferric chloride.
ferroelectric	Study of of 77 nm thick single crystal ferroelectric capacitors showing that the intrinsic response is exactly that of bulk.
ferromagnetism	Guillaume 6 explains the ferromagnetism of Heusler's alloy by supposing that the naturally low critical temperature of the manganese contained in it is greatly raised by the admixture of another appropriate metal, such as aluminium or tin; thus the alloy as a whole becomes magnetizable at the ordinary temperature.
ferrocyanide	He mentioned as an important exception the case of ferric ferrocyanide, which, when dissolved in oxalic acid, transmits the rays in great abundance, though the same rays be absorbed both by ferrocyanides and by ferric salts.
ferromagnetic	If the wire consists of a ferromagnetic metal, it will become circularly magnetized by the field, the lines of magnetization being, like the lines of force, concentric circles.
ferrule	He then formed a flange to fit the ferrule onto.
ferryman	We learned this from an old ferryman who was able to take his small boat over to deliver supplies from nearby farms.
ferruginous	These are distinguishable from the grey Chalk coprolites by their brownish ferruginous colour and smooth appearance.
fertilizer	Farmers need to have supplies of seed, fertilizer, tractors, and fuel.
ferrous	Ferrous oxide is the usual cause of discoloration.
ferula	It is even richer in more herbaceous plants tolerant of a hot summer; giant Umbelliferae (such as Ferula) are especially characteristic and yield gum-resins which have long been reckoned valuable.
ferry	It is connected by ferry with South Portland.
fervently	At the moment, she was fervently wishing she had stayed home.
fertilization	Fertilization is effected by the union of two nuclei in all those cases which have been carefully investigated.
fertilize	It has been conclusively shown that the Ostrea edulis does not fertilize itself.
fervent	He was a fervent football supporter of the NFL.
fervency	Greater weight must be laid upon the independent evidence of the prophetical writings, and the objection that Palestine could not have produced the religious fervency of Haggai or Zechariah without an initial impulse from Babylonia begs the question.
fervour	His novitiate was marked by a fervour of humility.
fervid	They abound in passages of fervid religious exhortation.
fervor	These animals will love and hate with equal fervor.
festival	His festival is celebrated on the 8th of July.
fescue	Crested Dog's-tail Festuca duriuscula - Hard Fescue Festuca ovina - Sheep's Fescue .
festal	The story of Ruth (the Moabitess, great-grandmother of David) is one of the Old Testament Hagiographa and is usually reckoned as the second of the five Megilloth (Festal Rolls).
festoon	New Zealand is part of the Australasian festoon, on the Pacific edge of the Australasian area.
fester	Letting matters fester or shoving important topics aside often leads to a bigger problem later.
fertile	There is an abundance of fertile soil and magnificent grazing land.
fetching	She gave him her most fetching smile and stepped out of the hallway.
festschrift	See Esperandieu, Inscriptions de Lectoure (1892), pp. 94 ff.; Zippel, Festschrift zum Doctorjubilaeum, Ludwig Friedlander, 1895, p. 489 f.; Showerman, The Great Mother of the Gods, Bulletin of the University of Wisconsin, No.
festivity	No festivity is complete without a party cake or other fun dessert.
fetch	The two boys saw him and ran to fetch his shoes.
fetid	Sluggish brackish streams creep along between banks of fetid black mud.
fetishism	Nor did Roman fetishism stop short at natural objects.
fetichism	Robertson Smith, on the other hand, a new era was reached, in which the recently recognized existence of Totemism was made the basis of an attempt to give a 1 Scipione de Ricci, bishop of Pistoia from 1780 to 1791, on the ex-Jesuits requesting him to consecrate a bell dedicated to this object, issued a pastoral letter (3rd June 1784) in which he pointed out that the spirit of true religion was far removed from fetichism, and warned his flock against cardiolatry.
fetal	Those who oppose abortion for fetal abnormality have been allowed to assume the moral high ground in the discussion.
fetter	The right ankle of one, indeed, is connected with the left ankle of another by a small iron fetter.
fetishist	Knowing about the tacit collusion in the fantasies of a silk fetishist would help.
festive	Then the proceedings became festive, queens and great ladies taking part.
fettle	She was in great fettle, bouncing all over the place.
feud	And yet he knew war was not so simple between two clans with a history of blood feud as theirs had.
feu	The only work he published was his Reflexions sur la puissance motrice du feu et sur les machines propres a developper cette puissance (Paris, 1824).
fetishistic	G-strings have a range of styles and can combine fetishistic aspects as you like.
fetlock	The inside of the ears and the muzzle are black, and the feet are black to the fetlock joint.
fertility	The fertility of its territory was also praised by ancient authors.
fever	She'd felt it last night, too, before … before the fever dream about them having sex.
fetus	He thought of Edith Shipton, impregnated by a man she hated and who seemed not to have wanted an intrusive fetus invading her life.
feud	And yet he knew war was not so simple between two clans with a history of blood feud as theirs had.
feudalism	Feudalism was not at any time a national institution.
feu	The only work he published was his Reflexions sur la puissance motrice du feu et sur les machines propres a developper cette puissance (Paris, 1824).
feudal	The title of giudice was abolished and a feudal marquisate substituted.
feudatory	In 1905 the greater part of Sambalpur district, with the feudatory states of Bamra, Rairakhol, Sonpur, Patna and Kalahandi, were transferred to Bengal, while the feudatory states of Chang Bhakar, Korea, Surguja, Udaipur and Jashpur were transferred from Bengal to the Central Provinces.
fever	She'd felt it last night, too, before … before the fever dream about them having sex.
fevered	His gaze was fevered but steady.
feverish	The count's face was white and he could not control the feverish twitching of his lower jaw.
feverishly	Her head moved from side to side from habit, but her eyes, feverishly wide, looked fixedly before her.
few	The doctor will be in to talk to you in a few minutes.
fey	Slightly fey, very tuneful and very nice, they're not for everyone.
fez	The fez is worn by both races,.
fiacre	There St Fiacre built a monastery in honour of the Holy Virgin, and to it added a small house for guests, to which he himself withdrew.
fiasco	Annie might have a fiasco on her hands if she doesn't act quickly.
fib	I guess that's a fib.
fiat	Subsequently very important reforms were introduced, not by the vote of an assembly, but by the fiat of the autocratic power.
fiber	Every fiber of her being had been aroused.
fiberboard	Cheaper pool tables are made with Slatron synthetic plastics layered onto particle board, and Permaslate, a honeycombed plastic set between two plastic sheets of plastic and medium density fiberboard (MDF) commonly used in construction.
fiberglass	A good hot tub liner is made from acrylic or fiberglass.
fibre	The fibre is fine and silky, of about an inch in length.
fibrillar	The difference in the appearance of the basement membrane - sometimes wholly homogeneous, sometimes eminently fibrillar = can more especially be observed in differently preserved specimens of the genus Polia.
fibrillation	He was in atrial fibrillation and had a right pleural effusion and ascites.
fibrin	Fibrinogen occurs in the blood plasma, and is changed by a ferment into fibrin, to which the clotting of blood is due.
fibrinous	Along with the exuded serum this fills up the breach in the tissues and the whole is rapidly formed into a fibrinous mass due to the disintegration of the polymorphonuclear leucocytes setting free their ferment.
fibroblast	Taspine did not have an effect on specific assays for macrophage chemotaxis, neutrophil activation, fibroblast proliferation, or matrix assembly.
fibrinogen	Fibrinogen occurs in the blood plasma, and is changed by a ferment into fibrin, to which the clotting of blood is due.
fibroin	Fibroin is insoluble in water, acids and alkalies; silk-glue resembles gelatin in its solubility, but it is less readily gelatinized.
fibroid	Because a post-operative complications, caused mainly by a fibroid, I bled heavily for weeks.
fibrosis	The particles in this case set up a form of fibrosis of the lung, which, either of itself or by rendering the organ liable to tubercular infection, is extremely fatal.
fibular	They therefore used the intact fibula to simulate a repaired fibular fracture.
fickle	Sasha's moods were varied and fickle, never lasting too long.
fiche	The above mentioned fiche are available from the Huntingdonshire FHS.
fibulae	It was fastened with brooches (fibulae) anch appears to have been worn by the equites, e.g.
fickleness	China, where most women's lingerie is produced and the fickleness of the market.
fibula	The tibia and fibula are united inferiorly, the tympanic bulla is hollow and the infra-orbital foramen narrow.
fictile	The exterior is richly and peculiarly ornamented, to show the progress of fictile art.
fibrous	A simple tumour composed of well-differentiated fibrous tissue.
fictional	He felt little concern, however; let the old man read about a real mystery instead of his fictional sleuth sto­ries.
fiddle	I get the hint this Ronnie and Howie don't dance to the same fiddle player.
fid	Each size line requires a different size of tubular fid.
fictitious	He declared the whole legend was fictitious.
fidget	She started to fidget.
fiddler	A fiddler provided musical accompaniment.
fiddly	Compared to the combination of keyboard and mouse input for PC games analogue sticks can seem somewhat fiddly and less accurate.
fiction	Just because it's fiction doesn't mean you can't learn from it.
fidgety	His body may be tense, fidgety, or restless.
fiddling	Fiddling with your cat's nutritional balance because you have embraced a dietary theory can sometimes yield a diet that is dangerously deficient.
field	My father works in the field, and I take care of the sheep.
fiduciary	In addition, SOX requires employees and professional advisors to disclose potential wrongdoing or breaches of fiduciary duty to a corporation's senior management.
fie	His piety was genuine; simple and pure, he was shocked at any suggestion of impropriety, but his rebuke was only Fie, for shame!
fielder	Second Test - Edgbaston The role of a substitute fielder can be a complicated one.
fido	The way that a regular cell phone, like the one you may get from Fido or Telus, works is that your mobile phone connects to a local cell phone tower, which then relays you to the larger infrastructure so your call can be completed.
fiendishly	It looks stunning, and appears to be fiendishly clever.
fiend	The fiend who did that is still out there; the one who killed those children and police officer and God knows who else!
fiefdom	Control over the flow of information from the government to the media became Campbell ' s personal fiefdom.
fidelity	It hurt to think he questioned her fidelity, but at least he was willing to listen to reason.
fiendish	For revenge, Archimedes devised a fiendish computational problem that involved truly immense numbers.
fieldfare	One farmer recently witnessed a Sparrowhawk take a Fieldfare and was then accosted on the ground by a Buzzard which then stole the prey.
fiery	Her hair was fiery red and curly, her frame tall and slender.
fiesta	Come and celebrate this colorful fiesta diabolically recreated through stories in a uniquely anarchic entertainment.
fief	Each fief was organized like the kingdom.
fierceness	His fierceness took her breath away, and the dark circles beneath his eyes drew her sympathy.
fifa	The US will be too, because of their high FIFA ranking, so we can't be drawn with them.
fife	The new castle, an uninteresting building, was erected in 1724 by the earl of Fife, and though untenanted is maintained in repair.
fifo	First the program creates a FIFO with read-write permissions using the function mkfifo.
fifthly	The term morphology, which was introduced into science by Goethe (1817), designates, in the first place, the study of the form and composition of the body and of the parts of which the body may consist; secondly, the relations of the parts of the same body; thirdly, the comparison of the bodies or parts of the bodies of plants of different kinds; fourthly, the study of the development of the body and of its parts (ontogeny); fifthly, the investigation of the historical origin and descent of the body and its parts (phylogeny); and, lastly, the consideration of the relation of the parts of the body to their various functions, a study that is known as organography.
fifteenth	This suspicion seems to have arisen chiefly from his intimacy with Christopher Davenport, better known as Francis a Sancta Clara, a learned Franciscan friar who became chaplain to Queen 1 An obviously erroneous entry in the Admission Book states that he had been at school under Mr. Lovering for ten years, and was in his fifteenth year.
fiftieth	The fiftieth anniversary of his ordination to the priesthood was celebrated in 1884.
fiercely	It awoke more fiercely than before, straining against her resolution.
fighting	Is that what you and Dulce were fighting about?
fierce	I do not love fierce animals.
fifth	The fifth of November was the first day of what is called the battle of Krasnoe.
figural	But academic niceties become more figural in the present somewhat undignified and desperate scramble for respect and recognition.
fight	I don't know what there is to fight about.
fifty	Now you've got fifty seconds!
fig	The French artists still retain FIG ' 4.
fighter	There are three levels of fighter ships.
figuratively	I think I'll get back into the saddle a little – figuratively speaking.
figment	Every universal would be a pure figment of the intellect.
figuration	The second is more purposeful, with two instances of toccata-like semiquaver figuration and powerful chromatic harmony.
figurative	It was an abstract of Christian doctrine in a vague and figurative way.
figurehead	They were not so contemptible at the time, because England and Ireland were full of adventurers who were ready to back any cause, and who looked on the king of the moment as no more than a successful member of their own classa base-born Welshman who had been lucky enough to become the figurehead of the movement that had overturned an unpopular usurper.
fifteen	Fifteen minutes later she was knocking on Lori's door.
figurine	Pictures, drawings and photos of elephants can be used in place of a figurine or statue.
filaria	Many cisterns are infested with Guinea worm (filaria medinensis, Gm.).
filariasis	In the case of filariasis due to Filaria bancrofti, which is common throughout the Tropics, the embryos of the parasite are disseminated by various Culicinae and Anophelinae (Culex pipiens in Queensland; C. fatigans in the West Indies; Myzomyia rossii in India; Pyretophorus costalis in a large portion of tropical Africa; &c.).
figuring	Instead, I called fisherman Dan Brennan, figuring he might have arose with the dawn.
figure	We can't figure it out.
filament	Each palpacle is a tactile filament, very extensile, without accessory filaments or nematocysts.
filamentous	The fertilized egg-cell (oospore) forms a filamentous structure, the proernbryo, from a restricted basal portion of which one or more embryos develop, one only as a rule reaching maturity.
filbert	The filbert, 2 among the numerous varieties of Corylus Avellana, is extensively cultivated, especially in Kent, for the sake of its nuts, which are readily distinguished from cob-nuts by their ample involucre and greater length.
filet	The filet of monkfish with roasted cherry tomatoes and pesto is well worth trying.
figured	I think you've already figured out it is.
filial	In His sinless perfection and filial relation to God He is unique, and His works are congruous with His Person.
filibuster	A filibuster at the end of the 65th Congress caused the Senate to adjourn without confirming the appointment, but the President made him a recess appointee.
filing	I think Gerry has been filing her reports.
fill	It didn't take long to fill a few plates with pancakes.
filiation	In endeavouring to trace the filiation and affinities of the vine, the characters afforded by the seed are specially valuable, because they have not been wittingly interfered with by human agency.
filiform	Amphicarpum, native in the southeastern United States, has fertile cleistogamous spikelets on filiform runners at the base of the culm, those on the terminal panicle are sterile.
fillet	If the blank is too heavy the fillet may of course be passed through the rolls again.
file	Your file was locked.
filipino	It has five churches (one of these is an independent Filipino church), and is the seat of a provincial high school.
filming	It created an allegory of the world at the time of filming.
fillip	A possible cut later in the year could even provide a fillip to the market.
filigree	The wedding ring was white gold filigree with tiny diamonds.
filly	That filly left the stable long time ago.
filmy	It generally makes its nest in a hollow branch, plastering up the opening with clay, leaving only a circular hole just large enough to afford entrance and exit; and the interior contains a bed of dry leaves or the filmy flakes of the inner bark of a fir or cedar, on which the eggs are laid.
filler	The article was a page five filler and hopefully will be forgotten in a couple of days.
filthy	Under the hat, her hair was filthy and matted.
filth	This ceremony took place at Aix on the filth of September 813.
filtrate	The washing is continued until the filtrate is free from salts or acids.
filtered	Fear filtered through her.
fimbria	But Sulla in Greece and Fimbria in Asia defeated his armies in several battles; the Greek cities were disgusted by his severity, and in 84 he concluded peace, abandoning all his conquests, surrendering his fleet and paying a fine of 2000 talents.
filling	She returned to the fire and found the men filling their bowls.
fimbriated	Thus in the recently discovered arctic genus Prosorhynchus the muscular and glandular extremity is protrusible, but in the allied Gasterostomum this organ is represented by a sucker with fimbriated or tentacular margins.
finagle	Cats seem to possess an inborn ability to finagle their way out of harmful situations, and one of the manifestations of this ability is the act of landing on all four feet after a fall.
filtration	The municipality owns its waterworks and filtration plant.
film	The formation of a film is noted.
fin	The dorsal fin, near the middle of the back, is low and triangular.
finally	Finally he glanced up and met her questioning gaze.
financial	The dairy wasn't simply a financial endeavor, as Mums had thought.
finality	She said it with a sad finality, like someone admitting to having a terminal disease.
finalist	The loser goes on to play the National League Two losing finalist.
finale	The book has no finale and the sudden break may not be accidental.
finalize	After you finalize the best look, you can even send your picture to your friend to get another opinion.
find	I think I shall find them helpful.
financier	Dallas, the financier, and was admitted to the bar in 1813.
finding	They had no trouble in finding Solon.
fine	This is a fine meal, do you think?
final	This was the final step.
finch	In 1738 he married Lady Elizabeth Finch, daughter of the earl of Winchelsea.
finder	The first stone was laid in April 1563; and finder the king's personal inspection the work rapidly advanced.
filter	Her words escaped before she thought to filter them.
fineness	The fineness of the hair may perhaps be ascribed to some peculiarity in the atmosphere, for it is remarkable that the cats, dogs and other animals of the country are to 'a certain extent affected in the same way, and that they all lose much of their distinctive beauty when taken from their native districts.
finesse	This lady wore it with the finesse of a duchess.
finger	I was about to deny, but she put a finger to my lips.
fines	The public revenues are derived from customs taxes and charges on imports and exports, transit taxes, cattle taxes, profits on coinage, receipts from state monopolies, receipts from various public services such as the post office, telegraph, Caracas waterworks, &c., and sundr y taxes, fines and other sources.
finery	If, however, your wife loves to dress up in her finery, then a very ornate item may be just the thing.
fingering	Notice how each chord in the diagram has multiple fingering options.
finance	You could finance the entire government and its (hopefully) noble agenda, by this method alone.
fingered	He fingered the tag.
finely	They were all dressed very finely, and some of them carried swords.
financially	Financially Athens had an enormous apparent advantage.
fingerprint	Fred was absolutely joyous when Dean presented him with the unprocessed fingerprint card and promptly tore it into pea-size pieces.
finial	Parker in the Journal of the Royal Asiatic Society, Journal asiatique, Revue numismatique, Asiatic Quarterly, &c. (C. EL.) EPI, the French architectural term for a light finial, generally of metal, but sometimes of terra-cotta, e forming the termination of a spire or the angle of a roof.
finer	This finer matter which collects in the centre of each vortex is the first matter of Descartes - it constitutes the sun or star.
fingerless	Dare to knock with a loud thud in muffled orange fingerless gloves.
finished	They finished the snack in silence.
finite	Apart from God, the finite being has no reality, and we only have the idea of it from God.
finis	Hermann at Paris (this imprint occurs on page 62 after the word Finis ).
finisher	The best way to include stretching into your warm up routine is to make it a finisher, i.e. when you've already gotten the blood flowing a bit.
fingernail	Katie didn.t have fingernail polish on when he last saw her.
finicky	The finicky student gets upset when her teacher switches up the organized schedule.
fink	And occasional fasts are more See Fink's article Fasten in Ersch and Gruber's Encyclopddie; Lane, Modern Egyptians; and Rycaut, Present State of the Armenian Church.
finitude	The infinity of real existence, in contrast with the necessary finitude of human understanding and experience, is always in his thoughts.
finiteness	The actual finiteness of A imposes a limit upon the separating or resolving power of an optical instrument.
finn	The second cycle contains the epics of Finn (Fionn, Fingal) mac Cumhail, and his son Oisin (Ossian), the bard and warrior, chiefly known from the supposed Ossianic poems of Macpherson.
fire	A fire burned brightly in the fireplace.
fiord	The engagement began on the 9 th April 1940 with the BlÃ¼cher slowly moving up Oslo fiord.
finnic	By 1560 all the Finnic and Tatar tribes between the Oka and the Kama had become Russian subjects.
firefighter	Firefighter worked quickly to extinguish the blaze using hose reels.
finnish	In the Finnish war he also managed to distinguish himself.
firefighting	The red card is a certification of one's physical endurance required to serve on firefighting crews.
firecracker	It might be a firecracker.
fir	The forests are chiefly composed of oak, fir, pine, ash and alder.
fireless	A fireless loco is seen working in falling snow at Swanscombe.
fireman	He picked her up over his shoulder, and carried her fireman style to the bedroom.
firearm	In fact, turning up on an urban allotment with a firearm could get you shot.
fireside	Like the wasps, before I finally went into winter quarters in November, I used to resort to the northeast side of Walden, which the sun, reflected from the pitch pine woods and the stony shore, made the fireside of the pond; it is so much pleasanter and wholesomer to be warmed by the sun while you can be, than by an artificial fire.
firewood	The rest was reduced to firewood long ago.
finish	I did not have a chance to finish my letter yesterday.
fireproof	The steel reinforcement is of immense importance in fireproof work, because, if properly designed, it enables the concrete to hold together and do its work even when it has been cracked by fire and water.
firmament	The Aegean Sea occupied the centre of the map, while the line where ocean and firmament seemed to meet represented an enlarged horizon.
firman	The monastery also possesses the firman of Mahommed II.
firing	The soldiers started firing without orders.
first	It was the first money that he had ever had.
fireworks	The fireworks had begun.
firmware	Install Sputnik Agent on an appropriate access point, reflashing the firmware, or purchase such a unit from Sputnik.
firmer	Ardashir I., moreover, and his successors endeavoured to establish the validity of the royal will by absorbing the vassal states and instituting a firmer organization.
finishing	The police arrived as they were finishing supper.
fisc	Among these posts were various procuratorships (chief of which was that of the imperial fisc), and the offices ab epistulis, a rationibus and a libellis (secretary, accountant, receiver of petitions).
firmness	Dean surprised himself with the firmness of his answer.
firth	The estuary of the Urr, known as Rough Firth, is navigable by ships of from 80 to 100 tons, and small vessels can ascend as far as the mouth of Dalbeattie Burn, within a mile of the town.
firm	The horse had stopped short, and stood firm as a rock.
firsthand	And I know firsthand how you take your duties.
firstly	Firstly it will allow creation of our own online tutorial systems.
firmly	She shut the door firmly and walked away.
fishbowl	Tie ribbon around the top of a fishbowl, fill with water and add floating candles.
fiscal	The match-making industry is subject to special fiscal conditions.
fishing	Fishing is relaxing and my boat's paid for...
fishpond	Vedius Pollio, in the time of Augustus, was said to have thrown his slaves, condemned sometimes for trivial mistakes or even accidents, to the lampreys in his fishpond.
fishy	Do you want to watch a fishy feed frenzy?
fisher	Boehm von Bawerk; Nature of Capital and Income, by Irving Fisher (1906).
fishmonger	He was a local man who became a fishmonger in London.
fisherman	The instrument generally employed is a bag-shaped net attached to a semicircular hoop, provided with a long handle and pushed over the surface of the sand by a fisherman wading in the water at ebb-tide.
fissile	All States should increase transparency and security of their fissile material holdings.
fishery	There is also a profitable shark fishery in the hands of Arabs.
fission	B, a specimen undergoing fission (X 20).
fist	He dodged her fist and laughed shortly.
fish	The fish flipped and dived back into the water.
fissured	The great rivers which flow eastward to the sea have fissured and moulded the surface into deep ravines alternating with high plateaus, ridges and isolated hills.
fisted	She fisted her hands on her hips.
fistful	He took her arms and sat her in a chair, handed her a fistful of tissues, and knelt.
fit	Wherever we go, I can find a job to fit my goals.
fissure	A fissure was formed extending nearly 9 m.
fisticuffs	He exchanged harsh words and occasionally fisticuffs with fellow mouthy mavericks like Spike Lee, Oliver Stone and producer Don Murphy.
fistular	The vascular bundles and cellular tissue are sometimes developed in such a way as to form a circle, with a hollow in the centre, and thus give rise to what are called fistular or hollow leaves, as in the onion, and to ascidia or pitchers.
fitful	Her sleep was fitful, and he walked to the bed, standing beside it in the dark.
fistula	His health continued poor, and a fistula in the eye, from which he had suffered from early childhood, and to cure which he had undergone a number of painful operations, continued to trouble him.
fittingly	In most cases they are more fittingly described as swamps.
fitch	Abercrombie & Fitch is a popular name for guys and girls who like to be on the cutting-edge of fashion.
fitment	Mods include the fitment of a quality kit and full flip paint job.
fitfully	Carmen slept fitfully in a chair in the waiting room all night.
fivefold	He has a fivefold wergild, summons the nobles and clergy for purposes of deliberation, calls out the host, administers justice and regulates finance.
fiver	Fiver to you DVDs Synopsis A wealthy businessman hires a bodyguard to protect his girlfriend who has become witness to a murder.
fives	In fact he had been playing fives two day earlier at Eton.
fixated	He sat in the chair in front of the vamp he'd fixated on.
fixation	The fixation of nitrogen as a nitride has not been attended with commercial success.
fixed	Lisa got up every morning and fixed breakfast.
fitter	Whiston informs us that, some time before the publication of this book, a message was sent to him from Lord Godolphin that the affairs of the public were with difficulty then kept in the hands of those that were for liberty; that it was therefore an unseasonable time for the publication of a book that would make a great noise and disturbance; and that therefore they desired him to forbear till a fitter opportunity should offer itself, - a message that Clarke of course entirely disregarded.
fixative	If you are making creams or lotions you may choose castor oil, grape seed oil or Vitamin E oil for a fixative.
fixedly	Prince Hippolyte stood close to the pretty, pregnant princess, and stared fixedly at her through his eyeglass.
fixer	Return to top Can anybody fix tiles, or should you use a specialist tile fixer?
fitness	He was examined as to his fitness before being appointed.
fixings	The Ouray Rescue Squad held an annual fund raising breakfast each Fourth of July, enabling the Deans to share an early meal of eggs, sausage, and fixings in the company of friends and neighbors.
five	I've waited at that station for five hours.
fitting	Her room was tiny, barely fitting a twin-sized bed and a small, wooden dresser.
fizzle	Even this plan began to fizzle when she returned home a few hours later.
fixity	The next demand was for greater fixity of tenure and more regular promotion, as well as for the recognition by the companies of the railwaymens union.
fixture	In the stable a horse should always be provided with rock salt, and water to drink at will by means of some such stall fixture as the Mundt hygienic water-supply fittings.
fizz	The palate was medium sweet and had a slight fizz.
fix	Daddy wants to fix your foot.
fizzy	Don't forget a fizzy drink station for the kids.
fjord	Scoresby Fjord has a length of about 180 m.
flabby	They're cold and flabby, like cabbages, in spite of their prettiness.
flab	Everyone has abs; it's just that most of us have a layer of flab covering them.
flaccid	The hump (or humps) varies in size according to the condition of the animal, becoming small and flaccid after hard work and poor diet.
flabellum	The latter is further remarkable for having the median area of the head-shield, the flabellum, produced into an anteriorly directed spike.
flagellate	In any case the nephridia which occupy the segments of the body generally are first of all represented by paired structures, the pronephridia, in which the funnel is composed of but one cell, which is flagellate.
flack	And as sportswear brands face flack from Oxfam over labor issues, budget clothing retailer Primark joins the Ethical Trading Initiative.
flagellum	The anterior flagellum is longer than the free part of the posterior one.
flagella	Both flagella are inserted close together, near the anterior end of the body.
flagelliform	Also communicating with this pouch is a pair of long slender flagelliform tubes, of which the function is unknown.
flagellation	A zealot for monastic and clerical reform, he introduced a more severe discipline, including the practice of flagellation, into the house, which, under his rule, quickly attained celebrity, and became a model for other foundations.
flaggy	It is not possible to say what was the original character of many of the disrupted materials, for they have been rearranged and re-crystallized into granulitic, flaggy gneisses and schists (Moine schists).
flagrant	Napoleon's perfidy at Bayonne was so flagrant as to strip from him the mask of a champion of popular liberty which had previously been of priceless worth.
flagging	Amazon.com created a customer community for flagging biased reviews.
flagstaff	Black people we are more costs auto insurance flagstaff arizona flat over.
flair	She turned away before he saw the flair of interest accompany her irritation.
flail	The arms or legs may flail or jerk uncontrollably.
flagship	The admiral's flagship is stationed here.
flagrantly	We will make businesses which flagrantly flout the rules criminally liable for the consequences.
flagstone	After banging a shin on the low stone wall that encircles the flagstone patio, I finally reached the back door.
flag	A small Colombian flag was neatly tucked in his open mouth.
flak	Mom took a lot of flak over her decision, but she was very determined and strong-willed.
flake	He'd always known Pumpkin was a flake, but he honestly liked the young man and flakiness wasn't the worst trait carried by the young and the restless.
flame	His red shock of hair stood up like a flame as he glared down at her.
flaky	Toby would make an awesome older brother, she realized, unlike her flaky sister.
flamboyant	There is an example of flamboyant tracery in one of the windows.
flakiness	He'd always known Pumpkin was a flake, but he honestly liked the young man and flakiness wasn't the worst trait carried by the young and the restless.
flamen	Later, they were used to denote the attendants on certain priests and priestesses, especially the flamen dialis and flaminica and the curiones.
flamingo	The flamingo, common in the lakes of Lower Egypt, is not found on the Nile.
flaming	As the sun rises, they pass a little beyond the halo and exhibit flaming tails.
flamenco	When the band came back Alondra and Felipa danced Flamenco in duet.
flamingoes	Among the larger birds are cranes, herons, the ibis, storks, eagles, vultures, falcons, hawks, kites, owls, the secretary birds, pelicans, flamingoes, wild duck and geese, gulls, and of game birds, the paauw, koraan, pheasant, partridge, guinea fowl and quail.
flanged	Flanged joints are made to bolt together on washers of vulcanized rubber.
flammable	Flammable liquids should never be used in a fireplace.
flan	He kindly invited us to a strawberry flan and cream tea at his home afterward.
flange	From the lower flange of a suspended !; runway, made of a single I section, run wheels, from the axles of which the transporter is suspended.
flameless	Place flameless tea lights in the towers and light them up.
flanker	The England U16 'A ' side includes open side flanker Guy Mercer (King Edwards School and Dorset and Wiltshire ).
flannelette	This good value 100% certified Organic cotton diaper is made of a soft brushed cotton flannelette.
flaring	His gaze dropped to her neck, hunger flaring in his eyes.
flashback	He spoke of having some sort of flashback.
flapper	For example, the Fall/Winter 2008 collection is heavily influenced by the flapper look of the roaring 1920s, while the Spring/Summer 2006 Collection is more Three's Company meets the water.
flapping	It's flapping jaws that get people into trouble.
flank	Having reached the left flank, instead of going to the front where the firing was, he began to look for the general and his staff where they could not possibly be, and so did not deliver the order.
flasher	Even more clever, this dial doubles as a red led flasher.
flap	Do you think my jaws flap too much?
flashing	He grabbed her wrist, his eyes flashing fire.
flannel	She glanced down at the long flannel nightgown.
flare	A flare of something went through his gaze.
flashgun	Letters to the Editor Mine shaft comms, flashgun slave unit, instructional graphics for radiolocation, radiolocation history, polish translator wanted.
flashiness	As it happens, Sex Machine is a gorgeous, polished color; it's the antithesis of its racy name, lending my pout a demure, quiet prettiness instead of look-at-me-and-my-lips flashiness.
flat	He had just fixed a flat on his bike.
flask	The flask is again brought to room-temperature, and re-weighed.
flash	One screen was a flash of colors and shapes.
flashy	He's a solid player that doesn't do anything flashy; he just gets the job done.
flatbed	Can I use my flatbed scanner to scan microfiche?
flatly	For a moment the silence continued, and then a deep voice stated flatly – Alex.
flatness	In or near Iioo B.C., Chou Kung, an able mathematician, determined with surprising accuracy the obliquity of the ecliptic; but his attempts to estimate the sun's distance failed hopelessly as being grounded on belief in the flatness of the earth.
flattery	In the face of such flattery, how could I resist?
flatten	Go back or I'll flatten you into a pancake, repeated he.
flatterer	The word is now generally used in the sense of a cringing flatterer of the great.
flatulence	You may experience gas, flatulence, constipation or stomach upset if taking a liquid supplement.
flatulent	Flatulent distension in the stomach or bowels is partly due to air which has been swallowed and partly to gas which has been formed by the decomposition of food.
flattened	A small family of large forms with a ringed and flattened body.
flaunt	They flaunt the class of European design.
flaunting	While Britney enjoyed flaunting her voluptuous pregnant form, she was also pleased to have an excuse to relax her normally strict dietary regimen.
flattish	The tumor can be round, flattish, or irregular and can be any color.
flatware	As she pulled out the flatware drawer, the doorbell rang.
flatus	He thus superseded Warham, who was legatus flatus, in ecclesiastical authority; and though legates a latere were supposed to exercise only special and temporary powers, Wolsey secured the practical permanence of his office.
flavin	Flavin Biondo, the first Renaissance writer on the topography of ancient Rome (1388-1463), was a native of Forli.
flavoured	It is flavoured with acid berries.
flawless	Her flawless face was flushed, her breathing quick.
flavouring	Juniper, cinnamon, carraway, camomile, cloves and other flavouring agents are also employed in conjunction with the bitter principles, alcohol and sugar.
flavour	Canadian honey for colour, flavour and substance is unsurpassed.
flatter	I do not flatter myself, but if it be possible they flatter me.
flawlessly	Robots can perform thousands of operations flawlessly every minute.
flawed	I'm flawed, but I will do my best.
flea	They have a big car flea market over there.
flaw	But the majority of them will admit no flaw in the sage or in his annals.
fleche	From 1604 to 1612 he studied at the school of La Fleche, which Henry IV.
flay	I'll flay you all alive!...
flaxen	Satisfied, Rhyn rose, towering over the tiny woman with flaxen hair.
fleck	The battle continued, and the men around her grew tenser when the first fleck of blood appeared on A'Ran's opponent.
flavor	They have a spicy flavor I find refreshing.
fledged	Then the vouchers would become fully fledged shares, traded on the stock market.
flax	Salt, flax, cotton and currants are also mentioned among the produce.
fleecy	From the top of their fun fleecy heads to the tips of their toes, Lily Dolls are very special playmates.
fledgling	Even a bird is smart enough to push the fledgling out of the nest when it fails to fly on its own.
fleeced	There, you'll find Salmon River Traders flannel jeans and Carhartt Fleeced Line Wo0rk Fit Jeans, but this look is a bit more expensive at $51.95.
flee	Darian didn't flee, but suddenly, Jenn wanted to.
fleetingly	Fleetingly, she registered the familiar scent of pine trees and grass and thought of how long it had been since she visited her family.
fleer	Fleer countered this by issuing cards that featured retired players and greats from baseball.
fleeting	The sense was fleeting and overwhelming.
flesh	I am made of flesh and blood and bone, am I not?
fleetness	All are terrestrial, and in many cases burrowing, in their habits, and some of them are of extreme fleetness.
fleshly	The fleshly fruit of Melocanna is baked and eaten.
flew	The birds flew to their nests.
flex	Warming, however, states that flex aquifolium is undubitably a mesophyte (1909 135).
flexibility	This flexibility is not to be found in his manner of composition.
fletching	His remains were laid in the burial place of the Sheffield family, Fletching, Sussex, where an epitaph by Dr Parr describes his character and work in the language at once of elegance, of moderation and of truth.
fleece	The story of the fleece was as follows.
fleury	The pope condemned this marriage as adulterous; and Abbo of Fleury, who visited Rome shortly after Gregory V.'s accession, is said to have procured the restoration of Arnulf at the new pontiff's demand.
fleet	There's a fleet of nice ladies at the courthouse that are always happy to help.
flexibly	For the United States, Toyota is considering the introduction of flexibly fuelled vehicles in consideration of policies to promote bio ethanol fuels.
flexing	They move by flexing their bodies.
flexion	This exercise involves the flexion and extension of the lower back.
flexor	The flexor perforans (9) is as usual inserted into the terminal phalange.
fleshy	The lips are sometimes produced into fleshy lobes.
flexural	The compression which formed the anticline will have been accompanied by flexural slip which would have planed off any bottom structures.
flier	She giggled, thinking him a nervous flier.
flexure	At the cal culated position of one of the points of contrary flexure all the rivets of the top boom were cut out, and by lowering the end of the girder over the side span one inch, the joint was opened - -- Section of Newark Dyke Bridge.
flightless	Flightless, wings transformed into rowing paddles.
flighty	Her foreign policy was flighty to the verge of foolishness.
flicker	The Watcher disappeared in a flicker of light.
flexible	His nature was flexible without being faultily weak.
flick	She could just as easily flick off the viewer as he could.
flickering	The lightning was flickering incessantly, but she heard no thunder.
flinch	It was her turn to flinch at the sting of his words.
flinders	Along the portion of the south shore of the Gulf of Carpentaria which belongs to Queensland and the east coast, many large rivers discharge their waters, amongst them the Norman, Flinders, Leichhardt, Albert and Gregory on the southern shore, and the Batavia, Archer, Coleman, Mitchell, Staaten and Gilbert on the eastern shore.
flip	He leaned forward to flip a couple of pages.
flippancy	Perhaps you could answer with a little less flippancy this time.
flippant	Something about his flippant answer made her think he would be a master at verbal fencing.
flimsy	Snow crunched under her feet and quickly soaked her flimsy slippers.
fling	He looked in time to see Sirian fling Rissa over his shoulder.
flippantly	In spite of an agonizing pulse, she responded flippantly.
flippy	Whether you want your hair straight, flippy, or curly, the Chameleon Hair Styler is a wonderful tool for creating the exact style of hair you are looking for.
flirtatious	She tossed the paper towel into the basket and gave him a flirtatious smile.
flipper	The flipper is short, broad, and truncated, and the dorsal fin a mere low protuberance.
flight	A blowing snow storm delayed our flight north.
flinty	In each province they had found the best springs, beds of clay, paint, soapstone, flinty rock, friable stone for sculpture and hard, tenacious stone for tools, and used ashes for salt.
flirtatiousness	As he spoke he kept glancing with the flirtatiousness of a handsome youth at Sonya and the young lady visitor.
flirtation	Anyway, it seemed like innocent flirtation.
flit	The date will now flit across to the right.
flitch	The off side flitch panel before and after Decided to attack the off side flitch panel once the engine and gearbox was out.
float	I am not afraid to float now.
flirt	I think it is so cute the way you two flirt with each other.
flirting	The first level of flirting is being friendly.
floater	Next best method is to use a chlorine floater with slow dissolving tabs inside it.
floatation	The factory discharges its effluent to sewer following partial treatment using dissolved air floatation (DAF) technology and high rate filtration.
flirty	The colors and patterns are bold, slimming and flattering, while the styles are flirty, creative and fun.
floaty	Traditionally long and floaty with lots of fabric and lace or ruffles, this sleepwear is the ultimate in timeless elegance.
flint	The chief exports are oil-cake, flint, cod and Benedictine liqueur.
flocculent	Sometimes it is woolly and flocculent, sometimes smooth like parchment, and its shape depends in a large measure upon the habits of the female towards her offspring.
flogging	The penalty of flogging, preferred by the peasants to fine or imprisonment, was not unknown.
flog	And he won't run - not even if you flog him.
flock	The men hurried down and soon saw that the flock was a large one.
floodwater	More than 35,000 people have been left homeless as their mud houses were swept away by floodwater.
flooding	Hopefully her family would be in the restaurant now – safe from any flooding on the highway.
floppy	His floppy ears lifted slightly and his eyes opened wide.
flop	Apart from these the Afghan campaign has been a complete flop.
floating	Like floating back to another time.
floor	The floor was cold.
florentine	Upon these embassies Machiavelli represented the Florentine dieci in quality of envoy.
florescent	If you're looking to lower your energy bills, make sure to choose monorails fitted with florescent or LED lights to truly make a difference.
floribunda	Floribunda roses can be planted in any open but not vulnerable location.
florid	He had much taste and love for music, and considerable gifts as an orator of a florid type.
floriculture	Floriculture is an important industry in Philadelphia and its vicinity.
flora	More than half of the flora is unknown elsewhere.
floral	In the middle of the table sat an exquisite fall floral arrangement.
flood	Carmen felt warmth flood her face.
flooring	The room was chilly, the marble flooring freezing.
florin	On Thursday I took 1 florin for my own spending.
floristic	The former is concerned with the division of the earths surface into major districts characterized by particular plants or taxonomic groups of plants, with the subdivision of these floristic districts, and with the geographical distribution (both past and present) of the various taxonomic units, such as species, genera, and families.
floristry	Outstanding displays of horticultural sundries, floral arrangements and floristry complete the picture.
florist	A friend of hers who is a florist asks if she can advertise on the site.
flossy	The eria or arrindi moth of Bengal and Assam, Attacus ricini, which feeds on the castor-oil plant, yields seven generations yearly, forming loose flossy orange-red and sometimes white cocoons.
flounder	It wasn't like him to flounder over small decisions.
flour	She rolled the pieces of meat in flour and fried them.
flourish	He signed with a flourish and suddenly turning to his son began to laugh.
flotsam	Such tides as set towards the Himalaya broke against their farther buttresses, leaving an interesting ethnographical flotsam in the northern valleys; but they never overflowed the Himalayan barrier.
flow	Quint felt the warmth flow into his face.
flounce	British fancy dress, were very much about flounce.
flout	We will make businesses which flagrantly flout the rules criminally liable for the consequences.
flotilla	The Arakan Flotilla Company has also helped to open up the Arakan division.
flotation	Guests are not to bring their own flotation devices into the park.
flower	She stared at a flower pattern on the wall.
floury	It's no surprise that cakes, cookies, and all the other floury snacks contain gluten.
floss	Try to keep the floss taut between the fingers.
flowchart	How you control the bot is a little like a flowchart.
flowered	A woman's pale blue flowered sweater was draped over the passenger seat.
flowerless	The seeds of the cryptogams or flowerless plants are not true seeds and are properly designated spores.
flowed	In her room, the tears flowed freely.
flowery	Frankly, when you cut through all the flowery words, he was a first-class con man—a rascal.
flu	His place is as busy as a country doctor's waiting room in flu season.
flowerpot	Debbie Mumm's Easy Breezy Mosaic Garden Accessories include ideas for a birdhouse and flowerpot that use sea glass in their designs.
flown	I've never flown before.
fluctuate	The opinions of present-day economists appear to fluctuate between these two extremes.
fluctuation	The value of the exports from India to Kabul also shows great fluctuation.
flub	Regardless of whether you flub your lines or speak as if you are an Academy Award winner, the most important thing to remember is that the words should come from the heart.
fluency	This time he made so much progress that in two years he read Greek and Latin with fluency and interest.
fluent	She uses words precisely and makes easy, fluent sentences.
fluently	How perfectly absurd to say that Helen is 'already talking fluently!'
flowering	Rose and other flowering shrubs and trees grow well on the banken veld and in the valleys.
fluffiness	Down and feather have the tendency to cave and lose their fluffiness in a much shorter period of time, and wool can flatten out when used often.
fluff	At the husky female voice, Dusty turned to see Jenn fluff Jonny's hair as she passed.
flue	A flue should in all cases be provided to carry off the fumes of the fuel.
fluffy	The girl's hair was soft and fluffy and her skin as smooth as satin.
flowing	I suppose the rain this week has it flowing faster.
fluidity	This enables greater fluidity of movement.
fluke	He was Luke the Fluke, but you didn't call him that.
flummox	The complicated rules are likely to flummox new players.
fluid	He stood in one fluid movement.
fluoresce	If a molecule which absorbs UV radiation does not fluoresce it means that it must have lost its energy some other way.
flume	They have some water rides too - their log flume is great fun!
fluor	His published works include Le four g lectrique (1897), and Le fluor et ses composes (1900), besides numerous papers in the Comptes rendus and other scientific periodicals.
fluoridate	Most countries do n't fluoridate Most European governments oppose fluoridation.
fluorescence	It is remarkable for its fluorescence, which in the opinion of some authorities adds to its beauty.
fluorescein	One defect a fluorescein angiogram test may reveal are abnormal blood vessels which leak blood into the surrounding tissues.
fluoridation	Fluoridation does not address the real causes of tooth decay - poor dental hygiene and excessive refined sugar consumption.
flung	A gust of wind flung snow into her face.
fluorescent	Stokes to occur in fluorescent bodies.
fluorine	It combines directly with fluorine at Ordinary temperature, and with chlorine, bromine and sulphur on heating.
fluoride	With the exception of the fluoride, these substances are readily soluble in water and arc deliquescent.
flurry	The week started with a flurry of activity.
fluorite	The refractive indices of all glasses at present available lie between 1.46 and 1 90, whereas transparent minerals are known having refractive indices lying considerably outside these limits; at least one of these, fluorite (calcium fluoride), is actually used by opticians in the construction of certain lenses, so that probably progress is to be looked for in a considerable widening of the limits of available optical materials; possibly such progress may lie in the direction of the artificial production of large mineral crystals.
flushed	His face was flushed and his eyes were bright.
fluorocarbon	For leaders, I prefer to use fluorocarbon for bonefish.
flurried	The window frame which prevented anyone from sitting on the outer sill was being forced out by two footmen, who were evidently flurried and intimidated by the directions and shouts of the gentlemen around.
fluorspar	Thenard and is best obtained by heating a mixture of the trioxide and fluorspar with concentrated sulphuric acid.
fluoroscopy	Fluoroscopy is a special x-ray technique that produces real-time images on a television monitor.
fluted	The Gothic hall with rows of fluted pillars is in fair preservation.
flutist	She teaches the clarsach and pedal harp in schools and privately and has recently formed a flute and harp duo with flutist Emma Wilkin.
flushing	Darcie dropped her hand, her face flushing.
flush	Carmen felt the flush start up her face again.
flute	Less frequently we hear of the flute (pipe) and later also of the fiddle (ficYele).
fluting	The third column which carries a capital has no fluting in its shaft.
flutter	Just to flutter the nuns a bit.
fluttering	Flakes of falling snow were fluttering in that light.
fluvial	River channel confluences are ubiquitous features of all fluvial networks & represent sites of complex, three-dimensional flow & sediment dynamics.
fluviatile	Marine Tertiary beds occur in Burma; in the Himalayas and in south Tibet there is a nearly complete series of marine deposits from the Carboniferous to the Eocene; in Afghanistan the Mesozoic beds are in part marine and in part fluviatile.
fluttery	This look minimizes the waist thanks to a fluttery, relaxed cut that flows open over the hips.
fluxing	Limestone is quarried at Buxton, Millersdale and Matlock for lime, fluxing and chemical purposes.
fly	We can't naturally fly, so we make airplanes.
flux	If, argued Protagoras in a treatise entitled Truth, all things are in flux, so that sensation is subjective, it follows that Man is the measure of all things, of what is, that it is, and of what is not, that it is not ; in other words, there is no such thing as objective truth.
flyback	The women's Endurance Lifeguard® Flyback is a one piece suit made with a performance fabric that defies snagging, sagging and repeated exposure to chlorine.
foal	It was a good sign that the foal would be born soon.
foam	He was not going very fast, but on his flanks specks of foam began to appear and at times he would tremble like a leaf.
foamed	Now the capture of the city of Isin by Rim-Sin, which took place in the seventeenth year of Sin-muballit, the father of Khammurabi, foamed an epoch for dating tablets in certain parts of Babylonia, and it is probable that we may identify the fall of the Dynasty of Isin with this capture of the city.
flyball	Tykes, north Yorkshire We are the oldest flyball team in this part of Yorkshire.
flyer	This process is exactly the same as in the cotton or worsted industry, ring or flyer frames being used as desired.
flywheel	When but one flywheel is used, it should be placed in as direct connection as possible with that part of the mechanism where the greatest amount of the periodical excess originates; but when it originates at two or more points, it is best to have a flywheel in connection with each of these points.
flysheet	The flysheet is 190T PU coated polyester with taped seams giving a hydrostatic head of 1500mm.
foamy	They make them more out of plastic or maybe foamy.
fob	There was no key fob, either.
focus	She shook her head, her focus back on Alex.
foaming	Now, just before serving and while the mixture is still foaming, add the baked apples.
fm	Hence AD BC are Fm.
foe	His foe was a worthy antagonist.
flying	Quinn says she's flying out here.
foci	The excitable foci of the cerebral cortex are well myelinated long before the unexcitable are so.
fog	Green smoke swirled from the man's ears and mouth, forming a fog around Gabe's hand before crystallizing into a small emerald.
foetid	The insects visit the plant in large numbers, attracted by the foetid smell, and act as carriers of the pollen from one spathe to another.
foetus	Indeed, the tendency in continental Europe is to regard the abortion as a crime against the unborn child, and several codes (notably that of the German Empire) expressly recognize the life of the foetus, while others make the penalty more severe if abortion has been caused in the later stages of pregnancy, or if the woman is married.
foggy	It was foggy and chilly, like a walk on the beach after the fog rolled in.
focused	She closed her eyes and focused again.
fodder	The leaves are used as fodder in northern latitudes.
foible	The man could tolerate his companion's foible because it was covered by his many admirable qualities.
foiled	A papal and Spanish attempt upon Ireland in the same year was foiled at Smerwick.
fold	I took it off so I could fold these towels.
foldable	While foldable diapers can be folded down to any size, including diapers for recently-born babies, there are also specific newborn cloth diapers that are just the right size for newborn babies without the necessity of adding bulky folds.
foliaceous	Body flattened, the two dorsal borders prominent and foliaceous.
foliate	A Victorian silver oval cruet stand with embossed foliate and floral scrolls, molded scroll rim and central handle.
foliar	This is the first indication of a conducting foliar strand or leaf bundle and forms an approach to leptom, though it is not so specialized as the leptom of the higher Phaeophyceae.
foliation	The development of foliation in shaly rocks is undoubtedly closely akin to the production of cleavage in slates.
folder	It printed from the web, and had a folder attached.
focal	The instrument has a focal length of 54 ft.
foliated	Most of these foliated rocks, however, are doubtless of Archean age.
foil	Foil dinners are easy to assemble and cook.
folio	His observations appeared in four large folio volumes (1776-1811).
foliose	Lower infralittoral Sparse kelp park, dominated by foliose algae except where grazed.
folkland	But the privileged class alone are eligible to the greatest offices of the state; they have in their hands the exclusive control of the national religion; they have the exclusive enjoyment of the common land of the state - in Teutonic phrase, the folkland.
folding	He leaned against the counter, folding his arms across his chest.
foliage	There is beautiful foliage and stunning children everywhere.
folksy	He wants results. I don't want to sound too folksy about it but all you can do is your best.
folklorist	In the 1100s, Irish folklorist Giraldus of Cambrensis tells the story of The Werewolves of Ossory where a priest and a young novice encounter werewolves while traveling in Ireland.
follow	I'll follow you back to the house.
follicular	Also the helper T lymphocytes induce the formation of CD8+ (cytotoxic) T lymphocytes which can directly kill the thyroid follicular epithelial cells.
folkmoot	In Anglo-Saxon England in the 7th and 8th centuries it seems certain that each of the larger kingdoms, Kent, Wessex, Mercia and Northumbria, had its separate witan, or council, but there is a difference of opinion as to whether this was identical with, or distinct from, the folkmoot, in which, theoretically at least, all freemen had the right to appear.
following	He must have been following us.
folklore	The native folklore and poetry of the Albanians can hardly compare with that of the neighbouring nations in originality and beauty.
fond	Your aunt and uncle seem pretty fond of you.
folk	These mountaineering folk talked a different language.
follicle	No regular follicle is formed, but the odcyte absorbs nutriment from the remaining odgonia.
folly	I saw the folly of my forefathers in the histories.
fondle	Completely fireproof and with locking safety eyes, Piggy Chris is the toy you'll want to take home and fondle.
foment	The younger sister knows exactly how to foment a disagreement between her older brothers.
fondly	Bordeaux had one arm wrapped fondly around the shoulders of a saloon girl.
fondue	Savoyarde specialities, including a fondue, are served two nights per week.
follower	No follower of the Blanco regime was safe.
food	Lisa ate the food and washed the dishes.
fontanelle	The fontanelle (soft spot) of the newborn is wide, but facial features are usually normal.
fondness	All the early writers dwell with great fondness on the origin and adventures of this race.
fondant	If this is not recommended, should I feed soft fondant instead?
foodstuff	The manufacture of macaroni and similar foodstuff is a characteristic Italian industry.
foolery	Those who, as it has been happily put, identify Rabelais with Pantagruel, strive in vain, on any view intellectually consistent or morally respectable, to account for the vast ocean of pure or impure laughter and foolery which surrounds the few solid islets of sense and reason and devotion.
foolishly	So you must be careful not to spend these foolishly.
foolishness	He'd put a stop to this foolishness.
foot	He put his foot in the stirrup.
foolhardy	Three shops down, and my decision not to pre-order Twilight Princess suddenly looked a little foolhardy.
foolproof	Cream blush is practically foolproof to apply.
foolish	It was a foolish thing to say.
footballer	A truly remarkable footballer, David Speed pays a special tribute to a legend.
footboard	No cutout designs in the headboard or footboard.
footed	Even drunk, Sam was sure footed on the dance floor.
fool	You're a bigger fool than I thought.
footer	I would like to start building a eventide 24 footer in June.
font	In the centre is an octagonal font bearing date 1294.
footage	It had the combined square footage of every apartment she.d ever rented.
footgear	Scarcely leaving his troops time to restore their worn-out footgear, or for the cavalry to replace their jaded horses from captured Prussian resources, he set Davout in motion towards Warsaw on the 2nd of November, and the remainder of the army followed in successive echelons as rapidly as they could be despatched.
footlights	This is the first time I've seen the footlights in action, so maybe after a while I'll get used them.
footie	There's nothing like a night in with the lads watching the footie with a few dozen cans.
footfall	The owners of London institution Liberty saw a reduced footfall in the West End by a downturn in shopper numbers in the capital.
football	Quinn, still steaming, plopped down and switched on the television to a college football game, turning off the sound.
footless	Metamorphosis in Diptera is complete; the larvae are utterly different from the perfect insects in appearance, and, although varying greatly in outward form, are usually footless grubs; those of the Muscidae are generally known as maggots.
footman	A footman moved the chair for her.
footprint	I am happy to discuss my carbon footprint with the hon.
foothold	With another look down, she found her first foothold along the side of the cave and began to climb.
footling	The others include complete breech, in which the baby's legs are crossed under and in front of the body, and footling breech, in which one leg or both legs are positioned to enter the birth canal.
footpad	Take our 2 day footpad trial for only £ 2.45!
footnote	The reference was cited in footnote 46.
footstool	Do not smite thy footstool or Eden will remain hidden from you.
footrest	If you are putting the armchair in a formal sitting room, you may opt not to have a footrest.
footstep	A light footstep and the clinking of spurs were heard at the door, and the young count, handsome, rosy, with a dark little mustache, evidently rested and made sleeker by his easy life in Moscow, entered the room.
footsie	Which con artists web site at the footsie flotation to the kentucky.
footy	In fact it's one of the best multiplayer footy experiences to be had.
for	I've waited at that station for five hours.
footwork	The have the light, quick footwork of a rabbit.
footing	I may be footing the bill, but you're working for Mom, not me.
foppish	He was very careful about his personal appearance, and paid an almost foppish attention to dress and gait.
fora	The way women come together in fora to discuss the obstacles to their own betterment is an example to others.
fop	But only a literary fop can be detained by specks like these.
forager	At lunchtime Fergus the Forager had a queue lining up for his range of wild food quiches and nettle soup.
foramina	Most of these extend through narrow apertures foramina pneumatica - into the hollow bones, sometimes, e.g.
foramen	In the cervical region the ribs are much reduced, fused with their verte brae and enclosing the transverse canal or foramen.
forbear	A woman could not forbear declaring openly that her faith had saved her.
forage	Water and forage have to be carried for them on camels.
forbearing	A forbearing of events to come reflects parental anxiety inherent in the circumstances of birth, providing an apt background for what follows.
forbearance	He treated them all with forbearance, and it is said that when the correspondence of Cassius was brought him he burnt it without reading it.
forbid	There are ancient laws that forbid it.
foray	He appears to have conducted an expedition to Ireland in 1327, and on his return led a foray into England.
forbade	No grant was necessary; it was assumed by all and sundry who had occasion to use it, though a reasonable convention forbade one man to assume the device of another.
footwear	Come suitably dressed for the weather with stout footwear.
force	The sun was trying to force its way through the curtains.
forced	An arcing kick forced him to release her.
forceful	Alex's voice began forceful and then lost purpose - as if he thought it wiser not to say what was on his mind.
forborne	The reasons why the claims of the line of Clarence had been so long forborne are not difficult to explain.
forbidding	She opened her eyes, forbidding herself from screaming as the pavement below grew closer.
forcefully	With that, she launched Cassandra at Victor so forcefully he fell back into the wall.
forceps	In at least one genus the unjointed pincers of the forceps are preceded, in the youngest instar by jointed cerci.
forcible	The argument was forcible, but the courts decided against them.
fordable	It is a rapid and muddy stream, dangerous to cross when swollen by the melting of the snows in Armenia, but fordable in its ordinary state.
forbidden	There are many things I'm forbidden from telling you.
fording	The Tagliamento was falling, however, and a number of troops succeeded in fording the river.
forcibly	Why Children Become Soldiers Many children are forcibly abducted to fight in wars.
foreboding	She wandered around the house with a foreboding that this was the last time she would see it.
forecast	Spain presented a forecast of the anarchy of Poland.
forcing	They are forcing us to exterminate them.
fore	The hair in front is combed down over the fore.
foreclose	Both the owner and bank have the ability to foreclose if you do not pay as agreed.
forecasting	Sometimes, he kept himself entertained by forecasting what happened without letting himself peek at the details.
forebrain	Failure of division is termed holoprosencephaly (literally whole forebrain).
forearm	She covered her eyes with one forearm and succumbed to tears.
forecourt	Wesley's statue was placed in the forecourt.
forecastle	A poop deck aft had cabins below and she probably had a high forecastle over the stem.
foredeck	There is an enclosed cabin and an open foredeck (with curtains ), a toilet, a sink and a small cooker.
forefather	Sir Maurice Berkeley of Bruton, a cadet of Stoke Giffard, was forefather of the Viscounts Fitzhardinge, the Lords Berkeley of Stratton (1658-1773) and the earls of Falmouth, all extinct, the Berkeleys of Stratton bequeathing their great London estate, including Berkeley Square and Stratton Street, to the main line.
foreclosure	Look into all your options and rights if you face foreclosure.
forefoot	The function of the projecting forefoot has given rise to argument.
foregone	The result was a foregone conclusion.
foreground	This party was in the foreground, chiefly in the first period.
forego	I'll forego the pleasure and take Carmen's advice.
forefathers	Your forefathers were barbarians.
foreign	Large movements in any large foreign market are newsworthy.
forefinger	The officer on duty was a handsome, elegantly dressed man with a diamond ring on his forefinger.
forehand	Every bowler should learn both forehand and backhand play.
foregoing	Still, the close relationship of the existing Liberian pigmy hippopotamus to the fossil Mediterranean species is significant, in relation to the foregoing observations on the elephant.
forefront	As a publicist he stood in the forefront of reform.
foreigner	The power of the foreigner in Arabia was broken..
ford	The order was to find a ford and to cross the river.
foreknowledge	The fifth and last book takes up the question of man's free will and God's foreknowledge, and, by an exposition of the nature of God, attempts to show that these doctrines are not subversive of each other; and the conclusion is drawn that God remains a foreknowing spectator of all events, and the ever-present eternity of his vision agrees with the future quality of our actions, dispensing rewards to the good and punishments to the wicked.
forel	The colour of sea-water as it is seen on board ship is most readily determined by comparison with the tints of Forel's xanthometer or colour scale, which consists of a series of glass tubes fixed like the rungs of a ladder in a frame and filled with a mixture of blue and yellow liquids in varying proportions.
foreknown	Premonition A premonition occurs when future events, often calamitous in nature, are foreknown via individual psychic experience.
foreleg	He glanced up at her, his hand still running the brush down Ed's foreleg.
foreland	The estuary may be taken to extend to the North Foreland of Kent.
forelimb	The muscular sling that holds the forelimb onto the body serves as a shock absorber during locomotion.
foremast	A Topsail Schooner has a square topsail on the foremast.
forelock	The fine white fleece of long wavy wool gives the Cotswold an attractive appearance, which is enhanced by its topknot or forelock.
foreman	You must be the young lady who is renting the Foreman place.
forenoon	It was most frequented in the forenoon, and then only by men.
forename	Always use the forename by which the holder wishes to be known.
forensic	In this he defended the forensic aspect of the gospel.
foreplay	After a little clumsy verbal foreplay, he asked to kiss me.
forepart	Young samurai only shaved the forepart of the crown leaving the forelock intact.
foremost	That should be foremost in all of your minds.
foresaid	Edinburgh was still doubtful, and the queen regent held the castle; but a truce between her and the lords for six months to the 1st of January 1560 was arranged on the footing that every man there may have freedom to use his own conscience to the day foresaid - a freedom interpreted to let Knox and his brethren preach publicly and incessantly.
forehead	The soft forehead was moist.
foreseeable	These trends will continue into the foreseeable future.
foreseeing	In 1866 he refused to enter the Ricasoli cabinet; in 1867 he worked to impede the Garibaldian invasion of the papal states, foreseeing the French occupation of Rome and the disaster of Mentana.
foreshadow	Music also can help to foreshadow events in a movie, such as the infamous Jaws theme, which signaled impending danger.
foresail	The original sailing rig is a large balanced lug foresail with a small mizzen, but a gunter sloop rig is now also available.
foresaw	Months ago, I foresaw you coming here today.
foresee	I foresee you winning your deal.
forerunner	But this alliance, like its forerunner, was of very short duration.
foreshore	Elsewhere the narrow foreshore is thickly wooded.
forest	The forest air was cool and damp.
foreseen	It was, so far as now can be foreseen, the final collapse of the old Radical party.
foreskin	The operation This is designed to remove the foreskin.
forestall	But to forestall the French with his whole army was impossible.
forestalling	The benefit of the disafforestment existed only for the owner of the lands; as to all other persons the land was forest still, and the king's wild beasts were to have free recourse therein and safe return to the forest, without any hurt or destruction other than by the owners of the lands in the purlieu where they shall be found, and that only to hunt and chase them back again towards the forest without any forestalling (Manwood, On the Forest Laws - article Purlieu) .
forester	Previously he trained as a commercial production forester in Scotland.
foresight	Betsy had the foresight to take her computer.
forestay	With minor modification to the existing fittings, Future Fibers was able to replace the rod forestay with a stretch equivalent PBO cable.
forestation	It has been yearly observed by the public schools of the state, and no state has done more than Nebraska for the forestation of its waste and prairie lands.
foretelling	According to Knox, Grindal distinguished himself from most of the court preachers in 1553 by denouncing the worldliness of the courtiers and foretelling the evils to follow on the king's death.
forethought	It was due to this forethought that resistance on the line now chosen was possible.
foretaste	Katie, she said to the maid, bring the princess her gray dress, and you'll see, Mademoiselle Bourienne, how I shall arrange it, she added, smiling with a foretaste of artistic pleasure.
forever	I will forever be grateful.
foretell	They foretell glory and prosperity beyond those of all his predecessors.
foretold	I was against this marriage even then and foretold all that has happened.
forewarn	Remember to also forewarn your neighbors to ensure they are not inconvenienced.
forfeit	If you don't, you will forfeit the deposit.
forewing	The female also has two spots on the upper forewing.
forestry	The damage to forestry by deer herds is considerable.
foreword	A very brief foreword is all that is necessary.
forfeiture	The law merely prescribes the forfeiture of all remission.
forgave	But you forgave your mother, didn't you?
forge	Thomas Bunyan had a forge and workshop at Elstow.
forgery	The letter of Macarius, therefore, if a forgery, must be a very early one.'
forgetful	Forgetful of the tomb, you lay the foundation of your palaces.
forger	Sackler and DeLeo were packing up, off to follow a lead on the whereabouts of a forger of Social Security checks who had been working overtime in recent months.
forgetfulness	But the angel of forgetfulness has gathered up and carried away much of the misery and all the bitterness of those sad days.
forging	Many of the patent bronzes are by slight variations in the proportions of the constituents made suitable for casting, for forging, and for rolling into sheets.
forgivable	At times it is very obvious that the actors are on a sound stage, but this is forgivable because they are in an imagined fantasy world in which anything is acceptable.
forged	The district is the seat of an extensive manufacture of forged antiques.
forgiven	You have not forgiven him.
forgo	Why not forgo the hotel room and rent a vacation apartment instead?
forgiveness	Even now, as his eyes sought her forgiveness, his chin stayed up proudly.
forgettable	What had been so forgettable earlier was now irresistible.
forgive	He was quick to forgive her father.
forgiving	Fortunately she had a forgiving nature.
forgone	He'd forgone the trip to pick me up, afraid he'd miss a call for information on his sister's death.
forgot	I forgot about her.
forlorn	His face looked forlorn.
form	As she reached the tree, a large black furry form crashed into the trees ahead of her.
forking	As in Gymnosperms, branching is monopodial; dichotomy or the forking of the growing point into two equivalent branches which replace the main stem, is absent both in the case able variety in form (see Leaf), but are generally small in comparison with the size of the plant; exceptions occur in some Monocotyledons, e.g.
formal	No. Do they ever have a formal dinner?
forked	She forked some hay into each of the stalls and checked the herd again.
formalin	The more important of those in use to-day are carbolic acid, the perchloride and biniodide of mercury, iodoform, formalin, salicylic acid, &c. Carbolic acid is germicidal in strong solution, inhibitory in weaker ones.
fork	She dropped her fork and stood.
forget	Don't forget your manners.
formalistic	Many questions of tactical and strategical character will appear insoluble if approached in a formalistic way.
formalism	This formalism shows itself in many ways.
formalist	Yet Malachi himself is no mere formalist.
format	Advice leaflets are available which you can download in pdf format.
formation	Their formation is carboniferous limestone.
formaldehyde	The metal can be reduced by magnesium, zinc, cadmium, iron, tin, copper and substances like hypophosphorous acid from acid solutions or from alkaline ones by formaldehyde.
formalize	With that odious chore behind him, Dean began to formalize his notes on yesterday's interviews.
forgotten	Yeah, I'd forgotten about that.
former	She felt too bad for the former goddess to walk away.
formerly	Formerly he had feared the end.
forme	Usually three or four such rollers are required to ink the forme.
formative	An organism was to him something controlled by a formative organizing principle.
formalization	It is the third criterion that is often called into question by Shaffer's classification of stochasticity primarily because of formalization indeterminacy.
formant	David Smith and Roy Patterson An analysis of Peterson and Barney's vowel formant data to investigate the evidence for scaling in human vowel formant data to investigate the evidence for scaling in human vowels.
formatting	They just want to write, not futz with formatting.
formality	The words of formality trailed off as she stared at the room.
formic	The sharp, broken end penetrates the skin, and into the slight wound thus formed the formic acid contained by the hair is injected.
formidably	It is not uncommon for infants to nap formidably during the day and wake many times throughout the night.
formication	The initial indications of the disease were cutaneous itching, tingling and formication, which gave place to actual loss of cutaneous sensation, first observed in the extremities.
formlessness	Hence he could only find expression for himself in forms of this or that earlier philosophy, and hence too the frequent formlessness of his own thought, the tendency to relapse into mere impatient despair of ever finding an adequate vehicle for transmitting thought.
formica	For example, a minute species (Solenopsis fugax) lives in a compound nest with various species of Formica, forming narrow galleries which open into the larger galleries of its host.
formulaic	Its formulaic design features a standard collar and either two or three buttons down the front.
formless	They believed that there were in the beginning no heavenly bodies, air or earth, only water everywhere, over which at first hovered a formless Supreme Being called Pha.
formulate	Jenn couldn't formulate the words.
formidable	He does have a formidable temper, you know.
formulae	Traditionalists would prefer to follow formulae that they know work, rather than try new methods.
forming	Dusty asked, a knot forming in his stomach.
formulary	He also edited a Formulary of the Papal Penitentiary in the 13th century (Philadelphia, 1892), and in 1908 was published his Inquisition in the Spanish Dependencies.
formulation	The formulation of this definition of chemistry was due to Robert Boyle.
formula	Every morning before I went to school I had chores to do, which began with mixing up the formula and feeding the calves.
formally	We haven't formally met.
forsake	He won't forsake his duty, she said and rose, agitated.
fornication	Three groups of sins, classified as (I) idolatry, which included apostasy, (2) adultery or fornication, and (3) murder, were held to exclude the guilty person from sharing in the eucharist until death, that is to say, if he had committed the sin after baptism.
forsaking	From Giant's Castle to 1'lont-auxSources, in which, forsaking their general direction, the Drakensberg run S.E.
forsook	The church practically forsook the field about 1828.
forte	The first note was a top G double forte.
forth	He paced back and forth across the room, deep in thought.
forsythia	Forsythia Do not prune forsythia Do not prune forsythia during the first few years after planting.
forsaken	He squeezed her harder, and she opened her eyes, watching the forsaken book burn.
forthright	Perhaps being forthright was the best course of action.
fortification	With this fortification, Victor will have no power over you.
fortify	They are made chiefly from grapes, and are used to fortify wines.
forthwith	This untoward disaster led to the abandonment of the expedition, which forthwith returned to Spain, bringing with them the news of the discovery of a fresh-water sea.
fortnight	A fortnight later he wrote to Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick, The sky begins to clear.
fortis	In March 1905, feeling himself no longer secure, he resigned, indicating Fortis as his successor.
fortitude	He showed fortitude in the face of a hostile society.
fortnightly	It came out fortnightly to the 12th of September 1747.
fortieth	That the district of the author is the north-east of Scotland cannot be doubted in the face of a passage such as this, in the fortieth legend (St Ninian), 1, 1359 et seq.
fortran	All other device specific routines which are not directly callable from Fortran have the routine name prefixed by the letter ' F ' .
fortunate	She was so fortunate to have such a wonderful family.
fortuitous	Neither is it merely fortuitous that the reaction proceeded from France itself.
fortune	There must be a fortune right here in this building.
forthcoming	You weren't exactly forthcoming about who you are.
forty	The bones are probably forty years old.
fortuna	The coin shows Fortuna, the goddess of good luck, holding a ship's rudder.
forwardly	Then later on, I teasingly asked my crush if he liked one of my friends and he forwardly answered yes.
forwards	The lower incisors are partially inclined forwards, compressed and tapering, bevelled at the ends.
fortress	She ran outside the walls of the fortress into the forest.
fossae	The bones of the skeleton generally more resemble those of the Indian elephant than of any other species, but the skull differs in the narrower summit, narrower temporal fossae, and more prolonged incisive sheaths, supporting the roots of the enormous tusks.
foss	See Holliday's Life (1797); Campbell's Chief Justices; Foss's Judges; Greville's Memoirs, passim; Horace Walpole's Letters; and other memoirs and works on the period.
fortunately	Fortunately, breakfast was nothing like she imagined.
fossa	The squamosals form the posterior outer margin of the orbits and are frequently continued into two lateral downward processes across the temporal fossa.
fossiliferous	In the centre of the folds fossiliferous beds with crinoids have been found, and the black slates at the top of the series contain Myophoria and other fossils, indicating that the rocks are of Triassic age.
forum	Of the ancient Forum Livii, which lay on the Via Aemilia, hardly anything is known.
fort	He's been up in Fort Collins doing an estate auction.
fosse	The fosse has been planted, and part of it used as an experimental garden.
forward	She stepped forward and hugged him.
fossilization	This second method of fossilization is termed petrifaction.
fosterage	Fosterage began when the child was a year old and ended when the marriageable age was reached, unless previously terminated by death or crime.
fossorial	The prey is sometimes stung in the neighbourhood of the nerve ganglia, so that it is paralysed but not killed, the grub of the fossorial wasp devouring its victim alive; but this instinct varies in perfection, and in many cases the larva flourishes equally whether its prey be killed or not.
foully	Ishbaal lost hope, and after he had been foully assassinated by two of his own followers, all Israel sought David as king.
foulness	There are, however, a good many instances recorded of what has been called a fumigatory use of frankincense in churches, by which it was sought to purify the air, in times of public sickness, or to dispel the foulness caused by large congregations, or poisonous gases arising from ill-constructed vaults under the church floor.
found	We just found out.
foundation	The Code had always been his foundation in a world that adopted him despite his origins.
founded	Theveste was founded towards the close of the 1st century A.D.
foul	The foul smelling grease turned her stomach.
fossil	Fossil fuels are, without a doubt, scarce.
fouling	Looking the other way, showing the trap point to prevent runaways fouling the junction.
foundling	According to another account he was a foundling in the village from which he derived his name.
foster	She was an awful foster mom.
foundress	She then succeeded Heiu, the foundress, as abbess of Hartlepool, where she remained several years.
foundering	Tasmania and Victoria were separated by the foundering of Bass Strait, and at the same time the formation of the rift valley of Spencer Gulf, and Lake Torrens, isolated the South Australian highlands from the Eyre Peninsula and the Westralian plateau.
fount	But perhaps the great glory of Nuremberg lies in its claim to be the principal fount of German art.
fourfold	Resting stage of the same, with fourfold division of the cell-contents.
foundry	There are a large foundry and several large brickyards here.
fours	He hit the floor on all fours and snapped at the hen as she rolled by.
foursome	The foursome headed to the kitchen and sat around the table.
fought	She hadn't fought him since.
fourteenth	In his fourteenth year he was.
fourthly	Fourthly, the study of Aristotle also exercised an influence on Neoplatonism.
foursquare	Many beautiful, vintage foursquare style homes and bungalows were constructed from the popular kit homes of that era.
four	We actually have four children now.
fountain	Damian crossed his arms and leaned against the wall around the trickling fountain at his back.
fovea	Near the posterior pole of the fundus, but somewhat excentrically placed towards the temporal or outer side, is the fovea centralis, a slight depression in the retina, composed almost entirely of cones, the spot of most acute vision.
fowl	Domestic and wild fowl are generally abundant.
fox	The fox was already in your chicken house.
fourteen	For her, the last fourteen months had been nothing short of heaven on earth.
fowler	The story that he received the surname of Fowler because the nobles, sent to inform him of his election to the throne, found him engaged in laying snares for the birds, appears to be mythical.
foxhound	The modern English foxhound has been bred from the old northern and southern hounds, and is more lightly built, having been bred for speed and endurance.
fowling	I speak of fishing only now, for I had long felt differently about fowling, and sold my gun before I went to the woods.
fourth	This is the fourth event in the past few days.
foxglove	Digitalis (Foxglove) This plant actually gives us the heart medicine digitalis (Foxglove) This plant actually gives us the heart medicine digitalis, but ingested in uncontrolled quantities, it can be deadly.
foxtrot	Thankfully the Texas Two Step is the term commonly used today, as having another version of the Foxtrot would lend itself to even more confusion.
founder	It dates from 1817 and bears the name of its founder, James Duff, 4th earl of Fife.
foxy	The foxy red colouring of the typical race of north-western Europe is too well known to require description.
foxtail	Phleum has a cylindrical spike-like inflorescence; P. pratense (timothy) is a valuable fodder grass, as also is Alopecurus pratensis (foxtail).
fra	Here about 1566 his enemies renewed their activity, and in 1567 he was formally accused by Fra Angelo the inquisitor of Milan.
fracas	The resulting fracas ended with riotous fighting in the streets.
fractal	Click on an image to see each beautiful fractal in more detail.
fracture	It is only a fracture, but she's going to have to stay off it for six weeks.
fractious	For some unaccountable reason they had suddenly decided to become fractious.
foyer	She looked around at the quiet foyer of a massive house.
fragile	You can't protect someone so fragile from what's coming.
fractional	When, by practice with logarithms, we become familiar with the correspondence between additions of length on the logarithmic scale (on a slide-rule) and multiplication of numbers in the natural scale (including fractional numbers), A /5 acquires a definite meaning as the number corresponding to the extremity of a length x, on the logarithmic scale, such that 5 corresponds to the extremity of 2X.
fragility	These include severe skin fragility and sagging or aged-appearing skin.
fragrant	The fragrant ocean was too dark to see.
frail	Dean noticed her frail form near the front, seated alone.
frag	There will be no frag limit, each map will be played out for 20 minutes.
fragmentation	There will be 4 Fragmentation Grenades, A Camera, and The Skull.
frame	The time frame on this is all wrong.
fragmentary	It gave unity to the detached and fragmentary parts of his knowledge and beliefs.
frailty	Fighting their own frailty, they tend the needs of others.
fragment	Australia is essentially the fragment of a great plateau land of Archean rocks.
frameless	Walk-in showers are easier to implement because they include several frameless glass walls or panels.
fraction	His expression was bewildered for only a fraction of a second, and then he made a face.
franc	The monetary unit is the dinar (franc) of loo paras (centimes).
framing	This method can only be carried out in still water, and where strong and tight framing can be built which will prevent the concrete from escaping.
framework	The framework would have to be redesigned now, but it wasn't thoroughly destroyed.
francolin	The larger birds are the bittern, great and small bustard, eagle, francolin, goose; giant, grey and redlegged partridge, sand grouse, pelican, pheasant, stork and swan.
francophone	Finding people to speak French with is not at all difficult if you are willing to take online courses or join online communities, track down francophone neighbors, and are willing to travel.
franciscan	Of the old castle, called Nenagh Round, dating from the time of King John, there still exists the circular donjon or keep. There are no remains of the hospital founded in 1200 for Austin canons, nor of the Franciscan friary, founded in the reign of Henry III.
fragrance	A distinct fragrance emanated from them all.
frangipani	The site also sells the Plumeria Collection, which features gold jewelry with the beautiful plumeria, or frangipani, flower.
frankfurt	In the words of Dr Kriegk, Geschichte von Frankfurt, (1871), the insurrection completely destroyed the political power of the gilds, gave new strength to the supremacy of the patriciate, and brought no further advantage to the rest of the citizens than a few improvements in the organization and administration of the magistracy.
frankly	Quite frankly, he was never sure he could trust her.
frankfurter	The Frankfurter Journal was founded in 1615, the Postzeitung in 1616, the Neue Frankfurter Zeitung in 1859, and the Frankfurter Presse in 1866.
franklinite	Other zinc minerals are willemite, Zn 2 SiO 4, hydrozincite or zinc bloom, ZnCO 3.2Zn(OH)2, zincite or red zinc ore, ZnO, and franklinite, 3(Fe,Zn)0 (Fe,Mn) 2 0 3 .
frantic	She controlled her breathing to keep her frantic emotions from consuming her.
frantically	Her heart raced as she frantically searched for a place to hide.
franchise	The franchise is somewhat wider than the parliamentary.
frankincense	Libanus, for frankincense, occurs only in the Vulgate.
frankpledge	Ultimately the laws of the 10th and 11th centuries show the beginnings of the frankpledge associations, which came to act so important a part in the local police and administration of the feudal age.
frankness	The men of this party had both the quality and the defect of frankness in their opinions.
frater	This has been mostly rebuilt, and but little now remains except ruins of some of the towers, a great part of the monks' dormitory and frater, and the splendid cloister, completed about 1200.
frank	I will be frank with you.
fraternal	Its communities were bound together by a sense of close fraternal relation.
fraternization	It was only to be expected that the Germans, whose very existence was in question, should show themselves to be patriotic. But it was somewhat surprising that at Prague, after the declaration of war, Germans and Czechs sang Die TV acht am Rhein together in the streets, and the burgomaster, a Czech, made a speech in German before the town hall in which he called for cheers for the Emperor William and the fraternization of Germans and Czechs.
fratricide	This piece was played after the fall of the Terror, but the fratricide of Timoleon became the text for insinuations to the effect that by his silence Joseph de Chenier had connived at the judicial murder of Andre, whom Joseph's enemies alluded to as Abel.
frankish	Saxon was at this period the common title of all the north German tribes; there was but little difference between Frisians and Saxons either in race or language, and they were closely united for some four centuries in common resistance to the encroachments of the Frankish power.
fraternity	This latter aspect of the fraternity was to be satisfied by the contribution from each fellow of five dollars by way of initiation fee.
fratricidal	This was finally achieved, after a hideous story of fratricidal hatred and murder by poison, by Peter IV.
fraught	Romantic relationships with humans were fraught with difficulties.
fraudulently	American ships were fraudulently transferred to neutral flags.
fraudulent	I wouldn't dream of going into business with that fraudulent insurance company.
fraulein	A few years later he married Fraulein Loisinger, an actress, and assumed the style of Count Hartenau (February 6, 1889).
freak	They freak me out.
fraxinella	Fraxinella is a very characteristic and attractive plant, 2 to 3 ft., with bold pinnate leaves, and tall racemes of irregular-shaped purple or white flowers.
freaked	We were going to confirm, but he freaked out.
freakish	Panic stirred at the idea of Gabriel dragging her to some freakish underworld.
fraying	But only Seldon can see the signs that the empire is fraying.
freckled	Her brilliant hair topped a freckled face and mile-wide smile.
fraud	Lucian's own close investigations into Alexander's methods of fraud led to a serious attempt on his life.
fray	Martha jumped into the fray.
freaky	She sensed danger and promise from the freaky guy loitering in the shadow world.
franklin	Franklin was seized and imprisoned, under a warrant from the State Supreme Court.
freckle	Lastly, I examined a brown freckle of mine near my left ear.
freedom	It's my freedom of choice.
freebooting	The conquest of Apulia, won bit by bit in many years of what we can only call freebooting, was not a national Norman enterprise like the conquest of England, and the settlement to which it led could not be a national Norman settlement in the same sense.
freebooter	A Turkish freebooter named Tsacha seized Smyrna in '1084, but it was recovered by the generals of Alexius Comnenus.
freedman	The most celebrated of the Latin adapters is Phaedrus, a freedman of Augustus.
freelancer	I am a freelancer and need ad hock child care as the days I work very considerably.
freebie	Fred's freebie hookup was the only show in town, in the mind of the rich old cheapskate.
freehold	Under the first constitution there were property qualifications for voting which amounted in the election of the governor and senators to a freehold estate worth boo ($500) and in the election of assemblymen to a freehold estate worth X20.
freeholder	The first and second state constitutions required that every senator should be a freeholder, but since 1846 no property qualifications have been prescribed for membership in either house; the only persons disqualified are those who at the time of the election or within one hundred days before the election were members of Congress, civil or military officers under the United States, or officers under any city government.
freeing	He smiled, freeing one hand to caress the curve of her throat.
freemason	An ardent freemason himself, he conceived in 1809 the idea of reorganizing the order in Russia, with the special object of using it to educate and elevate the Orthodox clergy.
freeman	It must be performed by a freeman.
freemasonry	Other encyclicals, such as those on Christian marriage (Arcanum divinae sapientiae, 10th February 1880), on the Rosary (Supremi apostolatus oficii, 1st September 1883, and Superiore anno, 5th September 1898), and on Freemasonry (Humanism genus, 20th April 1884), dealt with subjects on which his predecessor had been accustomed to pronounce allocutions, and were on similar lines.
freestone	Dover has a fine city hall of red brick and freestone; a public library containing (1907) 34,000 volumes; the Wentworth hospital; the Wentworth home for the aged; a children's and an orphans' home.
freesia	Ixia, Freesia (q.v.) and Tritonia (including Montbretia), FIG.
freeway	Then we got gas and hopped back on the freeway.
free	Hey, I really am free this time.
freestyle	Rachel I must also admit, however, no ladies swam the 50m freestyle.
freewheel	Recently fitted with new derailleur, new freewheel and new chain.
freeware	No Technical Support BlueSweep is a freeware utility, so does NOT include any technical support.
freelance	Jane Adams is a freelance journalist and marketing copywriter.
freighter	The men were put into crammed holds on a Japanese freighter.
freezer	We used magic on their minds and the freezer for their bodies.
freight	The four freight wagons pulled into a single line behind her.
freeze	Did they freeze off?
freezing	It's freezing in here!
frenchwoman	The wife of John Casimir, a Frenchwoman, Marie Louise, hired a troop of French actors and first familiarized the Poles with something which resembled the modern stage.
frenetic	Do some good thinking about youth work before life gets frenetic again.
freely	Tears were running freely down her face.
frenchman	The dusty captain surveyed the gathering with red rimed eyes that came to rest on the Frenchman.
frenulum	The baby is gently wrapped up and the frenulum quickly snipped with sharp, blunt-ended scissors.
frequent	I'll do what I can to get you more frequent updates, but I can't guarantee anything.
freon	Eco-friendly design uses water to cool air, in lieu of Freon or other cooling agents.
frenzied	His hands moved over her body possessively, his hot kisses on her lips and skin working her into a frenzied state of desire unlike anything she'd felt before.
frenzy	Every day she worked in a frenzy, trying to keep him out of her mind.
frequently	Martha and Betsy spoke frequently on the phone.
french	I study French, too.
fresh	I could smell fresh muffins.
freshener	When you have a new air freshener you throw away the old.
freshet	In 1878 and again in 1889 it was wrecked by a freshet, and since then has been of little service.'
fresco	The fresco paintings in the galleries are perhaps the most interesting of the extant remains.
freshman	My daughter is a freshman in high school.
frescoes	The frescoes are interesting works of the early 13th century.
freshen	Well, I do need to freshen up, but I'll be back.
fret	I wonder if you fret all day about things being done right.
freshness	I like Scott for his freshness, dash and large honesty.
fresher	Its water is considerably fresher than the Black Sea, varying from 1.55 to 0.68 70.
fretful	She is never fretful or irritable, and I have never seen her impatient with her playmates because they failed to understand her.
fresno	In excessively dry years the limits of this last division may include all of the state below Fresno and the entire Central Valley as well.
fresnel	It is true that the dioptric apparatus was perfected independently by Fresnel, who had also the satisfaction of being the first to put it into operation.
fretted	For keyed or fretted instruments a compromise is indispensable.
freshly	He slapped the magazine on a freshly polished end table and stood.
frequency	The difference in this case is that it is getting to be a pattern — increasing in frequency and violence.
fretwork	Combining electric and acoustic guitar there is some impressive fretwork.
freudian	It was one of those Freudian slips that caused her to blush fiercely.
friable	When heated to nearly a red heat it gives a porous friable mass which is known as burnt alum.
friction	The hinge was oiled and didn't squeak because the friction had been reduced.
friary	In 1550 the town and friary were burned by O'Carroll.
fri	Fra Domenico stepped forward, but neither Rondinelli nor Fri.
fricative	The use of the velar fricative is dying out all over the place.
friend	You're my most perfect friend in the entire world.
frictional	Motion is communicated to the rope by frictional contact with the drum,.
friendly	You weren't exactly friendly.
friendship	I don't think our friendship will survive what is coming.
friar	A brother Robert, the friar, was a Vermont citizen.
frictionless	Frictionless coatings that never wear out in machines that last for centuries.
friendliness	Then comes gentleness - the virtue regulative of anger; and the list is concluded by the excellences of social intercourse, friendliness (as a mean between obsequiousness and surliness), truthfulness and decorous wit.
friendless	The city has two well-equipped hospitals, a home for aged women, a home for the friendless, and four parks.
fright	Filled with fright he opened his eyes and lifted his head from under his cloak.
freshwater	On the Llano Estacado there are both freshwater and salt lakes, and there are a few salt lakes in the Trans-Pecos Province and near the mouth of the Rio Grande on the Coastal Plain.
frighten	Maybe a little noise would frighten the animal away.
fridge	Not much here, the fridge is empty.
frigate	He was the son of a naval officer, and nephew of David Porter of the frigate Essex.
frieze	The man in the frieze coat was reading the broadsheet of August 31.
frightening	All this talk about bears was frightening her.
frigidaire	Frigidaire manufactures a select few over-the-range microwave ovens; however, the company owns the Electrolux brand.
frightful	Frightful executions in the island followed his fall.
frigid	His look was one of frigid anger as he stormed out.
frightfully	Characterisation has never been so much frightfully fiendish fun!
frightened	I've never been so frightened in my life.
frill	The white frill is said to be the rarest, and birds exhibiting it have white necks even in winter.
friday	I was busting up a Friday night drink-out.
frisbee	Engage him in a game of fetch or Frisbee.
frilled	The curtain often shows several conspicuous folds, and the lower edge often resembles frilled drapery.
frippery	Most are actually getting larger, sprouting LCD screens, card readers and all sorts of other frippery.
frisco	The clincher was your not knowing about the Byrnes' dream of sipping manhattans in Frisco.
frisky	I guess I'm just frisky because it's so quiet around here.
fringing	Gold-dust is found in almost all the alpine regions fringing the great plateau.
frith	There he probably met Patrick Hamilton, and was joined by John Frith.
frit	The best-known dipterous pests are the Hessian fly (Cecidosnyia destructor), the pear midge (Diplosis pyrivora), the fruit flies (Tephritis Tyroni of Queensland and Halterophora capitata or the Mediterranean fruit fly), the onion fly (Phorbia cepetorum), and numerous corn pests, such as the gout fly (Chloropstaeniopus) and the frit fly (Oscinis frit).
fritillary	Dark Green fritillary Argynnis aglaja The dark green fritillary is very similar to the silver washed fritillary.
fritter	Just as bad was their cod fish fritter appetizer.
frisson	And yet whenever I see the Festival program for the first time I get the same frisson of excitement and anticipation.
frivolously	Acting on this principle he ruled frivolously, and with a wanton indulgence of whims. In 1820 his misrule provoked a revolt, and he remained in the hands of insurgents till he was released by foreign intervention in 1823.
frivolity	He did not like to combine frivolity with the serious business of hunting.
frivolous	Less frivolous than someone I know.
frizzly	They usually have the frizzly hair of the Melanesians, and paint their bodies in brilliant colours, especially yellow.
frock	Truly? she said, quickly smoothing her frock and hair.
fringe	Most of the swamp fringe is reclaimable.
fritz	Royce and Fritz left the fire together.
frizzy	The underwool is of a very close frizzy nature, and nearly white, with long bluish grey mixed with some black top hair.
fro	His whole career was taken up with marchings to and fro within the lands, first of the Eastern, then of the Western empire.
frolic	We had a good frolic this morning out in the garden.
from	Is the ranch far from here?
frond	The large frond of Cycadites represented in fig.
frog	The perfect frog, after transformation, is smaller than the larva.
frontier	The quiet, uneventful scene on the frontier appeared.
frons	Ia, frons; b, clypeus (the pointed labrum beneath it); II, mandible; III, first maxilla; (a, base; b, sheath; c, piercer), III', inner view of sheath; IV, second maxillae forming rostrum (b, mentum; c, ligula).
frontage	This dockyard covers an area of 516 acres, and has a river frontage of over 3 m.
frontal	Thus the downfall of the monarchy and of the ancient cults have been nearly fatal to some of the more beautiful birds; feather ornaments, formerly worn only by nobles, came to be a common decoration; and many species (for example the Hawaiian gallinule, Gallinula sandwicensis, which, because of its crimson frontal plate and bill, was said by the natives to have played the part of Prometheus, burning its head with fire stolen from the gods and bestowed on mortals) have been nearly destroyed by the mongoose, or have been driven from their lowland homes to the mountains, such being the fate of the mamo, mentioned above, and of the Sandwich Island goose (Bernicla sandwicensis), which is here a remarkable example of adaptation, as its present habitat is quite arid.
frontispiece	A figure of Atlas supporting the heavens is often found as a frontispiece in early collections of maps, and is said to have been first thus used by Mercator.
fronted	Or perhaps one of the species of ' blue fronted Amazons ' .
fronton	Callao is the principal port of the republic, its harbour being a large bay sheltered by a tongue of land on the south called La Punta, and by the islands of San Lorenzo and Fronton.
frosty	The nights in winter are frosty and snow falls occasionally.
front	He parked the truck in front of the house and headed down the hill.
froth	When cold, froth can be immediately dissipated by adding a few drops of ether.
frosted	Put it on top of the frosted buttercream layer.
frothing	The engine turned over and backfired, black smoke frothing out of the tail pipe.
frothy	The object of his surveillance was seated at a back table in the coffee shop, sipping a cup of something with frothy cream atop it.
frosting	Cookies can feature a simple frosting or include delicate icing details.
frozen	She stood frozen, searching for him.
frs	This was introduced in 1852, carries a yearly pension of ioo frs.
frost	The look Claire gave her sister would frost a barbeque.
frown	Harmony's frown was fierce.
froze	She froze for a second.
fructification	According to Grand' Eury, the Palaeostachya fructification was most commonly associated with Asterophyllites foliage.
fructidor	Proscribed at the coup d'etat of the 18th Fructidor (4th of September 1797) he escaped to Basel.
frugivorous	Both the insectivorous and frugivorous divisions of the bats are well represented.
fruitage	Great thoughts burn within us like fiery seeds, Swift to flame out a red fruitage of deeds.
frugality	For the rest, frugality, industry and patience characteffize all the bread-winners; courage and burning patriotism are attributes of the whole nation.
fructose	If you want to use pure fructose, search the supermarket in the sweeteners section.
fruition	All my dreams and longings have come to fruition in a single instant when dearest Joshua held me close and my world was sunshine.
fruitfulness	The neighbouring plain is famous for its fruitfulness, and the quince is said to derive its name Cydonia from the town.
frugally	There he could live frugally and achieve some real work.
fruitfully	It opens up a new series of questions upon which subsequent philosophic reflection has been directed, and gives to them the form, under which it is possible that they should be fruitfully regarded.
fruitiness	Bursting with fruitiness and fuller in body than most, it almost resembles a light red wine.
fruitlessly	Nine times out of ten, the victim will fruitlessly search for the damage done to the car.
frugal	In business transactions Alex was frugal with his money, but when it came to his family, he was generous.
frustrated	I'm so frustrated right now.
frumpy	Rainy skies are no excuse for looking frumpy.
frustrate	Rather than frustrate him, he found it entertaining.
fruitless	He must have thought it fruitless to pursue that angle so he moved on.
fruitful	It wasn't a fruitful day.
fruit	Jackson picked up an apple from the bowl of fruit, tossed it in the air, caught it, then bit into it.
frusta	The Frusta letteraria (1763-1765) was brought out at Venice by Giuseppe Baretti under the pseudonym of Aristarco Scannabue.
fruity	An American Hawaii cruise may be your little slice of heaven, especially during the colder months when all you long for is some sunshine and a fruity drink, but you don't want to leave the country.
frustrating	It's just a very frustrating situation.
ft	From Mafu to the sea, a distance of 215 m., the Senegal is navigable all the year round by vessels drawing not more than to ft.
frustum	Hence the area of an ellipse whose axes are 2a and 2b is Trab; and the volume of an ellipsoid whose axes are 2a, 2b and 2c is t rabc. The area of a strip of an ellipse between two lines parallel to an axis, or the volume of the portion (frustum) of an ellipsoid between two planes parallel to a principal section, may be found in the same way.
frustration	I'm sure he could read the frustration in my voice.
fryer	Check the manufacturer's directions of your fryer for additional hints and safeguards.
fry	We used to fry them for supper.
ftp	One way to accomplish this is to open up an FTP connection for your website and then create a separate section of the directory just for podcasts.
fuchsine	P. Leroux discovered that iodine vapour refracted the red rays more than the violet, the intermediate colours not being transmitted; and in 1870 Christiansen found that an alcoholic solution of fuchsine refracted the violet less than the red, the order of the successive colours being violet, red, orange, yellow; the green being absorbed and a dark interval occurring between the violet and red.
fuel	The fuel used is fir-wood.
fucoid	The Cambrian system - including the Upper (Durness-Eriboll Limestone) and the Lower (Serpulite grit, Fucoid Beds, Quartzite) - forms a narrow band which can be traced for too m.
fuchsia	He had made his leap, he had seen the great world, and was content to stay in his pretty glass house under the big fuchsia tree until he attained the dignity of froghood.
fudge	Make sure they do n't fudge the truth AT ALL.
fucus	In Fucus and allied forms the spindle-fibres between the daughter nuclei disappear early and the new cell-wall is formed in the cytoplasm.
fulfill	You must fulfill your duty to the humans.
fulfilled	In three days we all fulfilled our dreams.
fugitive	This was a famous fugitive slave case.
fulcrum	The power is represented by the wing, the fulcrum by the air, and the weight by the body of the flying animal.
full	How full of life and motion it was!
fugue	Do you know what a dissociative fugue state is?
fulfil	When at last it was possible to them to fulfil his wish, it was in fact too late.
fulfilment	He is obliged to give a guarantee for the fulfilment of his engagements.
fulminant	Individual cases of fulminant hepatitis with fatal outcome have been reported in Japan.
fulham	Bounded by the Thames - Fulham, Chelsea, the City of Westminster (here the City of London intervenes), Stepney, Poplar.
fulminating	This substance is to be distinguished from the black fulminating 1 A name misapplied in the southern hemisphere to Diomedea naelanophrys, one of the albatrosses.
fulminate	I do not let my children fulminate against what their mother says.
fulmar	They catch puffins, fulmar petrels, guillemots, razorbirds, Manx shearwaters and solan geese both for their oil and for food.
fulminic	The constitution of fulminic acid has been investigated by many experimenters, but apparently without definitive results.
fullness	This is worthy of consideration in any attempt made to sketch the mind of a man who was above all other masters of recent literature an artist, and who must be studied in the vast and orbic fullness of his accomplishment in order to be appreciated at all.
fulsome	His collected works, prefaced by a fulsome panegyric, in the course of which it is said that he was a miracle of nature, and rather seemed to be the immediate production of God Almighty than born of a woman, were produced by his son-in-law, Thomas Wilson, in 1619.
fumble	She bit her lip and began to fumble with a small purse.
fulness	The eighty-one canons which were adopted reflect with considerable fulness the internal life and external relations of the Spanish Church of the 4th century.
fulvous	Other Indian cats with a tawny or fulvous type of colouring are probably the more or less modified descendants of the jungle-cat.
fully	He was fully clothed and wore a light jacket.
fume	Much fume is thus produced.
fumigation	Among other things Hales invented a sea-gauge for sounding, and processes for distilling fresh from sea water, for preserving corn from weevils by fumigation with brimstone, and for salting animals whole by passing brine into their arteries.
fuller	He was by occupation a fuller, and tradition still points out the site of his mill.
fun	We had fun together.
fumigate	When sulphur is burned in air or oxygen, sulphur dioxide is produced, which is a powerful disinfectant, used to fumigate rooms which have been occupied by persons suffering from some infectious disease.
fumed	He was amused and she fumed, her emotions scattered by his mere presence.
functional	The first step consists in the functional treatment of equations.
fumitory	Ashes particularly rich in potash are those of burning nettles, wormwood (Artemisia absinthium), tansy (Tanacetum vulgare), fumitory (Fumaria officinalis), and tobacco.
fuming	She was fuming in the hallway when he pulled the door closed behind him.
functionalism	There is no real way of doing functionalism with rapid prototyping, for example, because you can make anything.
fund	I certainly couldn't fund the whole group.
functionally	Both the milk and the permanent dentition display the aforesaid complexity of the hinder teeth as compared with those in front, and since the number of milk-teeth is always considerably less than that of the permanent set, it follows that the hinder milkteeth are usually more complex than the teeth of which they are the predecessors in the permanent series, and represent functionally, not their immediate successors, but those more posterior permanent teeth which have no direct predecessors.
functionary	The president of this tribunal is the highest legal functionary in Belgium.
fundament	His main principles will be found in his Dat Fundament des Christelycken Leers (1 539, 8vo).
functionless	Neither male nor female has wings; the rostrum is replaced by a functionless tubercle; and there is no alimentary canal.
fundamentalist	I don't know what ' fundamentalist atheism ' would be... but again it smells of atheism as alternative religion.
fundamentalism	Extreme religious fundamentalism is very far removed from Humanism.
fundamentally	It is fundamentally necessary, in order to avoid such floundering, that the knowledge of things sensible should be kept distinct from the knowledge of things spiritual; yet in practice they are constantly confused.
fundus	At the fundus are placed the concrement-cells with their conspicuous otoliths (con) and the inconspicuous auditory cells, which are connected with the subumbral nerve - ring.
funereal	These latter, however, tend to be funereal rather than uplifting.
funded	The following table shows the increase of the funded debt since 1814.
funerary	The subject-matter is funerary, i.e.
function	But that, too, is a function of present technology.
fungicide	Care must be taken in using this fungicide not to wet the painted wood, as it is sure to become discoloured.
fundamental	The fundamental substance or stroma is colorless and homogeneous.
fungal	The Plum is subject to several diseases of fungal origin.
fungiform	There are no fungiform papillae on the dorsum, but a few inconspicuous ones scattered along the sides of the organ.
funeral	The next morning they helped Lori make funeral arrangements.
fungoid	P. alba suffers much from the ravages of wood-eating larvae, and also from fungoid growths, especially where the branches have been removed by pruning or accident.
funicle	Ovular characters determine the grouping in the Dicotyledons, van Tieghem supporting the view that the integument, the outer if there be two, is the lamina of a leaf of which the funicle is the petiole, whilst the nucellus is an outgrowth of this leaf, and the inner integument, if present, an indusium.
funicular	A climate station is established on the hill of Brunate (2350 ft.) above the town to the E., reached by a funicular railway.
funk	He can beat this funk out of you.
funnel	We went to the other side of the country to find her more funnel cakes.
funnily	Funnily enough, no other bayonet fencers turned up.
fur	The animals were sleek and their black fur shined in the sunlight.
fungi	These two fungi usually grow in woods, but sometimes in hedges and in shady places in meadows, or even, as has been said, as invaders on mushroom-beds.
fungus	Grapes attacked by the fungus; the fruit becomes black, hard and shrivelled.
furcula	The furcula is complete and strong, the feet very passerine in appearance.
furious	Now Alex is furious with me.
funky	The lyrics are masterfully crafted around a funky beat and a tempo that is entirely apt.
furlong	Frankie Dettori settled the 5-1 second-favourite back in the field but steadily made headway to go past Westerner entering the final furlong.
furies	And now I'm in flight--pursued by furies of my own invoking--threatened with love in its most hideous form-- matrimony!
furl	Alan decided to furl the genoa and hoist the blade jib.
furiously	And furiously popular it remained.
furlough	Rostov lived, as before, with Denisov, and since their furlough they had become more friendly than ever.
furore	The town, as Gray (who, like Horace Walpole, at first held out against the furore) declared, was horn-mad about him.
furnishing	In the Civil War Ohio loyally supported the Union, furnishing 319,659 men for the army.
furnish	The marriage registers furnish another test of education.
furrier	He was without scholarly training, and first appears as a furrier at Livland.
funny	He's acting funny today.
furred	In a word, he loved his kind as animals, but did not seem to find them as interesting as those furred and feathered.
furring	Give me a hammer, and let me feel for the furring.
further	The assistant asked some further questions.
furnace	The furnace is to make iron.
furthermore	Furthermore, in North Carolina the governor has no veto power.
furnishings	The furnishings were of a dark wood, possibly cherry, with hand carved designs.
furrow	A narrow deep furrow is usually run immediately in advance of the planter, to break up the soil under the seed.
furrowed	The man stepped out and those piercing blue eyes questioned her silently from under furrowed bows.
furnished	How, then, could I have a furnished house?
furtive	The records showed furtive criminal activity.
furtherance	He spent his whole strength in the furtherance of his ideas.
furtively	Paul looked around furtively.
furry	Furry displaced her stupor.
fury	Fury turned her face bright red.
furze	In most nurseries the double Furze is kept in pots, and can be planted at any time.
furthest	As they are pursued furthest in the last case, this may be used as an example.
fuse	Martha quickly explained, leaving Quinn's short fuse unlit.
fuselage	This can include wings, the tail and the fuselage.
fusillade	The Swiss Guard stood firm, and, possibly by accident, a fusillade began.
furniture	I didn't get any curtains or furniture yet.
fusilier	He was the son of General James Lindsay of Balcarres, but took the additional surname of Loyd in 1858 on marrying the heiress of Lord Overstone, the banker; he fought with his regiment the Scots Fusilier Guards in the Crimea and won the V.C., retiring as lieutenant-colonel.
fuss	They are too young to fly, and the mother bird is making a great fuss about it.
fusible	The oxide is fusible only in the oxy-hydrogen flame.
fussy	I'm not that fussy about his coming there to get it.
fusiform	They are spherical, oval, fusiform, or rod-like, and are always found in the cytoplasm, never in the cell-sap. They appear to be permanent organs of the cell, and are transmitted from one cell to another by division.
fusee	Replace the fusee box with the spring detached from the fusee box with the spring detached from the fusee.
fustian	The once considerable manufacture of fustian has declined.
fusibility	If now we wish to represent the variations in some property, such as fusibility, we determine the freezing-points of a number of alloys distributed fairly uniformly over the area of the triangle, and, at each point corresponding to an alloy, we erect an ordinate at right angles to the plane of the paper and proportional in length to the freezing temperature of that alloy.
fussiness	Parents also should be aware of symptoms that may accompany jaundice, including fussiness, unusual sleepiness, or difficulty feeding.
futility	She didn't want to face the futility of her situation, not yet!
fust	That art had been introduced into Italy by the German printers, Sweynheym and Pannartz, who had worked under Fust at Mainz.
future	What a future that will be!
futhark	The three best known runic alphabets are the elder futhark, the younger futhark, and the Anglo-Saxon futhorc.
futurist	The art of Fascist Italy came from the ideology of the Italian futurist.
fuze	The tangent sight was graduated in yards as well as degrees and had also a fuze scale.
fuzziness	This will help reduce shutter lag and image fuzziness.
futile	She sighed at the futile thoughts.
futuristic	I know it sounds all futuristic and expensive now, but what if this technology falls to just a few dollars per acre?
fuzz	The spoiled fruit may have white fuzz or mold growing on it.
fyrd	Again, the fird (fyrd) was composed of mounted warriors during the 9th century, though apparently they fought on foot, and there are indications that such was the case also in the 7th century.
fye	For electronics and music, you can shop at fye (For Your Entertainment), GameStop, Radio Shack and various cell phone kiosks and stores.
fuzzy	At no time were the images blurred or fuzzy.
gabardine	Items purchased at JCPenney will not be as upscale as their Neiman Marcus contemporaries, but many mothers are not looking to buy a wool gabardine suit for their toddler.
fusion	Incomplete fusion occurs in sieve tubes.
gabble	As he got closer the gander heard the feeding gabble of other geese.
gabbro	With the J urassic beds is associated an extensive series of eruptive rocks (gabbro, peridotite, serpentine, diorite, granite, &c.); they are chiefly of Jurassic age, but the eruptions may have continued into the Lower Cretaceous.
gabby	This green anole lizard was snapped by the last year's overall winner of Young Wildlife Photographer of the Year, Gabby Salazar.
gabelle	Through Latinized forms it appears in gabelle.
gab	Carmen said he had learned the gift of gab from his Dad, but Jonathan had always been perceptive about people.
gabled	The old town is irregularly built, with narrow streets and old-fashioned gabled houses.
gaby	Julie oversteps the mark - with dire results for Gaby.
gable	On this side of Gable is the fine detached rock, Napes Needle.
gad	Webster gives the etymology gad well =go about well.
gadgetry	They are usually tech addicts who always have the latest gadgetry.
gadget	To me, a gadget freak, it scores 10/10 easily!
gadwall	The spelling gadwall seems to be first found in Willughby in 1676, and has been generally adopted by later writers; but Merrett, in 1667, has gaddel (Pinax rerum naturalium Britannicarum, p. 180), saying that it was so called by bird-dealers.
gaff	The next page deals with what tools are needed to make the gaff.
gaffer	I'm looking forward to working with the new gaffer.
g	When the band moves to the C chord, you slide your fingers along the same strings until you're at the eighth fret of the E (which is C) and the ninth fret of the G (which is E) and you've created the same sort of harmony for the G chord.
gael	A Celtic origin has been suggested, connecting the word with Gael.
gaffe	So they'll spot a gaffe a mile off.
gaga	Preval- worship still prevails largely in India, and a writer e p ee in in 1896 remarks that the previous census showed in varying the North-West Provinces over 25,000 Naga (serpent) forms. worshippers, 123,000 votaries of the snake-god Gaga, and, in the Punjab, some 35,000 special votaries of the snake godlings.'
gaiety	Pierre's gaiety vanished completely.
gagging	For the most part, any pet that contracts this virus will have to endure the hacking cough, runny nose and gagging until the respiratory infection runs its course.
gag	I'll gag him and mop up the blood, too.
gaelic	Its Gaelic name was Dunedin.
gaily	The people dressed themselves gaily, some in the disguise of the mythical personages in the suite of Dionysus, and paid a round of visits to their acquaintances.
gage	He was silent and she glanced around to gage his response.
gaggle	The gaggle behind Smyth was starting to get ferocious.
gainfully	Simple is often better, and graphics more gainfully employed as snazzy effects like in Lumines.
gainful	You could be giving someone a second chance at gainful employment by providing a means of transportation.
gainer	Artists have been known to use the left hand in the hope of checking the fatal facility which practice had conferred on the right; and if Hood had been able to place under some restraint the curious and complex machinery of words and syllables which his fancy was incessantly producing, his style would have been a great gainer, and much real earnestness of object, which now lies confused by the brilliant kaleidoscope of language, would have remained definite and clear.
gait	Gerald was tall and lean, his gait casual.
gaiter	A gaiter is a complete boot, not just a slipover piece.
gainsaid	But the result could not be gainsaid; it was for the French a complete and costly failure.
gala	I would like to thank you all for attending our gala this evening.
galactic	On these the belt of greatest density can be easily traced, and it follows very closely the course of the Milky Way; but, whereas the latter is a belt having rather sharply defined boundaries, the star-density decreases gradually and continuously from the galactic equator to the galactic poles.
galactose	Of the ketoses, we notice d-sorbose, found in the berries of mountain-ash, and d-tagatose, obtained by Lobry de Bruyn and van Ekenstein on treating galactose with dilute alkalis, talose and l-sorbose being formed at the same time.
gal	Sure. He was like those guys in the musicals—loveable rogues who roll into town and catch the eye of the local star-struck gal and sweep them off their feet.
gain	All they gain is a sense of contributing.
galea	I, C, ca, st) bearing a distinct inner and outer lobe (lacinia and galea, fig.
gale	The Monitor was lost in a gale off Cape Hatteras on the 31st of December 1862.
galaxy	We have hidden on this moon in an unoccupied galaxy since.
galenic	The Latin medical writers were necessarily unknown to the Arabs; and this was partly the cause that even in Europe Galenic medicine assumed such a preponderance, the methodic school and Celsus being forgotten or neglected.
galenical	Through the Arabs the Galenical system found its way back again to western Europe.
gallant	The most famous episode of the town's history is its gallant and successful defence in the war of 1870-1871.
gallantly	After gallantly fighting for eighteen months he was compelled by the defection of his troops to surrender on the 21st of April 1884 to Karamalla, the dervish amir of the province.
galena	The government let the mines to contractors for forty years and then took them over; but in the period from 1720 to 1840 only 14,620 tons of galena were extracted and 2772 of lead.
gallantry	Gallantry and inexperience induced the U.S. Div.
gall	By this means a gall is produced on the under side of the leaf.
galleon	The other popular style is the galleon coat associated with pirates.
galley	Ali Pasha was slain and his galley taken.
galilee	The prince of Tyre occupied part of Galilee.
gallican	The concordat was solemnly promulgated on Easter Day 1802, but the government had added to it unilateral provisions of Gallican tendencies, which were known as the Organic Articles.
gallicanism	In reality it was Gallicanism alone which was condemned at the Vatican Council, and it is Gallicanism which is aimed at in the last phrase of the definition we have quoted.
gallinaceous	The gallinaceous birds are represented by a quail, Coturnix novae zealandiae, now exterminated.
gallium	The elements gallium and indium were discovered in blende.
gallon	How much does a gallon of milk weigh?
gallic	In the time of Caesar the Arverni were a powerful confederation, the Arvernian Vercingetorix being the most famous of the Gallic chieftains who fought against the Romans.
gallop	As fast as ever the horses can gallop, so fast we'll go!
galling	Obedience he made one of his great instruments, yet he never intended it to be a galling yoke.
gallows	Quinn was the first to vocalize what dominated all our minds like a walk up the gallows steps.
galloping	A handful of men came galloping toward him.
gallery	I wouldn't own an art gallery if I didn't love artists.
galloway	The work contains nothing that cannot be learned from Ptolemy, whom he follows in calling the promontory of the Novantae (Mull of Galloway) the most northern point of Britain.
galore	If you're shopping online, there are outfits galore to be had.
galvanize	His efforts to galvanize the deal were very effective.
galvanic	Page of Salem, Mass., drew attention to the sound given out by an electromagnet at the instant when the electric circuit is closed or broken, and in October of the same year he discussed, in a short article a entitled Galvanic Music, the musical note pro- covery.
galvanism	Among the most illustrious natives of Bologna may be noted Luigi Galvani (1737-1798), the discoverer of galvanism, and Prospero Lambertini (Pope Benedict XIV.).
gamble	He'd taken a gamble by entrusting it to her.
gambler	At the Elysee, Morny, adulterine son of Hortense, a hero of the Bourse and successful gambler, supported his half-brother by his energy and counsels.
galvanometer	The strength of the field is proportional to the swing of the galvanometer-needle, and, when the galvanometer is calibrated, can be expressed in C.G.S.
game	It's a game, like a treasure hunt.
gam	Machynlleth (perhaps Maglona in Roman times) has Owen Glendower's senate house (1402), and is known as the scene of Glendower's attempted assassination by Dafydd Gam.
gambit	As described earlier, interjecting humor into the opening gambit of your conversation invites her to smile and laugh.
gamekeeper	It is a case of the poacher turned gamekeeper with the help of the governor.
gamboge	The plumage of the male is of a uniform black colour, that of the female various shades of brown, while the bill of the male, especially during the breeding season, is of a bright gamboge yellow.
gamete	Ectocarpus siliculosus, female gamete surrounded by male gametes.
gametic	It may be carried as a somatic character, when it will be visible in the body tissues, or it may be carried as a gametic character, and its presence can only then be detected in subsequent generations, by adequately devised breeding tests.
gamey	Also quite delicate, with cherry flavors and a slightly gamey background, is Oracle Shiraz 2001 (Oddbins ).
gametophyte	The gametophyte is a small thalloid structure which shows varying degrees of independence affording an interesting transition to the next group.
gammon	While not as impressive as Gammon Empire, Play65 does offer an alternative.
gammer	Contemporary Puritan writers in the Marprelate tracts allude to Dr John Bridges, dean of Salisbury, author of A Defence of the Government of the Church of England, as the reputed author of Gammer Gurton's Needle, but he obviously could not be properly described as Mr S.
gamopetalous	Amongst Dicotyledons the gamopetalous forms are admitted to be the highest development and a dominant one of our epoch.
gan	Aa wad be laith ti gan win him - wouldn't go with him.
gamma	These include the austenitic or gamma non-magnetic manganese steel, already patented b y Robert Hadfield in 1883, the first important known substance which combined great malleableness with great hardness, and the martensitic or beta high speed tool steel of White and Taylor, which retains its hardness and cutting power even at a red heat.
gander	What was good for the goose wasn't necessarily good for the gander, it seemed.
ganger	Among them were Earl Hrollaug (half-brother of Hrolf Ganger and of the first earl of Orkney), Hialti, Hrafnkell Frey's priest, and the sons of Asbiorn.
ganging	The latter is in the north of England still called Gang Week or Ganging Days from this ganging or procession.
ganglia	The eyes are indicated as black dots behind the cerebral ganglia.
gang	I think she might be involved in some sort of gang or something.
gaming	All voting is a sort of gaming, like checkers or backgammon, with a slight moral tinge to it, a playing with right and wrong, with moral questions; and betting naturally accompanies it.
ganglionic	The nervous system of the embryonic head exhibits three ganglionic masses, anterior to the thoracic ganglionic masses; these three masses subsequently amalgamate and form the sub-oesophageal ganglion, which supplies the trophal segments.
ganglionated	In all Chaetopods this system consists of cerebral ganglia connected by a circumoesophageal commissure with a ventral ganglionated cord.
gamut	Its membership encompasses the whole gamut of science, technology and medicine.
gangplank	When he crossed the gangplank to board the steamer, his gaze was skeptical and his pen ascerbic.
ganglion	D, Oesophageal ganglion connected with the buccal.
gangster	There are songs from such people as Missy Elliot (Lose Control), Gwen Stefani (Hollaback Girl), Beck (Black Tambourine), Fatboy Slim (Gangster Trippin), and Hoobastank (Born To Lead).
gangway	The central gangway is about 3 ft.
gangrenous	On the day of the funeral Peter addressed to Alexius a stern letter of warning and remonstrance, urging him no longer to resemble the slothful servant in the parable, and threatening to cut him off, as though he were a gangrenous swelling, if he did not acquiesce in his father's plans.
gangrene	He died of gangrene of the leg in his seventieth year.
gannet	Laura introduced us to some of the seabirds which included a very cool gannet.
gangue	The lodes are most frequently of great size, containing huge masses of galena, and so little gangue that the ore can very easily be dressed to 83 or 84%.
ganoid	It is almost made up of fragments of spines, teeth and scales of ganoid fish.
gaoler	When Queen Isabella took up arms against her husband in 1326 she was joined at once by the earl, who took a leading part in the proceedings against the king and his favourites, the Despensers, being Edward's gaoler at Kenilworth castle.
ganister	Silica is used in furnace-building in the forms of sand, ganister, a finely ground sandstone from the Coal Measures of Yorkshire, and the analogous substance known as Dinas clay, which is really nearly pure silica, containing at most about 2-1% of bases.
gantry	The signal gantry across the station throat is now installed.
gape	She dashed around, pausing to gape at the storm as she closed each window securely against its fury.
garb	With shaking hands, she dressed in the simple garb of a page and pulled her hood to cover her face.
gaol	In 1730 William Morgan, an Irish student, visited the gaol and reported that there was a great opening for work among the prisoners.
gapping	Lisa half dragged her gapping friend down the hall.
garbo	Two-Faced Woman (1941 ), in which a newly happy Garbo does the rumba and goes swimming, was a disaster.
garden	Today, I have a vegetable garden in my backyard.
gardening	Market gardening is an important industry.
garda	In this lower part it receives the smaller streams of the Mella, which flows by Brescia, and the Chiese, which proceeds from the small Lago d'Idro, between the Lago d'Iseo and that of Garda.
garbage	I thought you left some garbage and I burned it.
gargantuan	The student misses payments and suddenly has a gargantuan interest rate.
gardenia	There are flower borders filled with colorful shrubs, gardenia and scarlet hibiscus.
gardener	Hurry off and tell Maksim, the gardener, to set the serfs to work.
gargle	Gargle with cayenne tea to cure a sore throat.
gargoyle	She approached the window, amazed at the snow, until her gaze fell to a figure kneeling like a dark gargoyle in the middle of the white lawn.
garishly	Baby boys typically wear dubiously manly pastel blue booties and girls boast the dignity of garishly ruffled socks.
garish	All nature responds in rich and rapid growth to the garish light and intense heat of the long, splendid days.
gap	There was already a sizable gap between her wagon and the one in front of her.
garage	In the garage, she paused at the old car.
garibaldi	The plot being discovered, Garibaldi fled, but was condemned to death by default on the 3rd of June 1834.
garland	The little book, a garland of fifty of these gems, has been translated by General Strong.
garnish	Don't forget to garnish with a Maraschino cherry in the middle of the creamy top.
garlicky	You'll need vegan mayo for the garlicky dip.
garlic	He put a tray of garlic bread into the oven and the pungent smell of warming cheese filled the room.
garnishing	Be prepared to spend an ample amount of time garnishing the information you need.
garret	He should have gone up garret at once.
garniture	For all kinds of ceremonial he has all a lawyer's respect, and his pages are often adorned and encumbered with the pageantry and material garniture of the story.
garrulous	He is a very shrewd and garrulous fellow.
garner	After all, your outfit shouldn't garner more attention than the bride.
garment	The length of the garment varied considerably.
garnet	In 1602 Garnet received briefs from Pope Clement VIII.
gascon	In later years Winchelsea became a great resort for smugglers, and the vaults originally constructed for the Gascon wine trade were used for storing contraband goods.
gasconade	But the phrase Campanian arrogance seems to have been used proverbially for gasconade; and, as there was a plebeian gens Naevia in Rome, it is quite as probable that he was by birth a Roman citizen.
garth	All were linked by a continuous alley around a cloister garth.
gash	Andrew threw out his hand and received an ugly gash across the knuckles.
gaseous	The stomata serve for all gaseous interchange between the plant and the surrounding air.
gasket	I blew a head gasket on mine.
garter	He was appointed the same year lord-lieutenant of the West Riding of Yorkshire, and in 1677 received the Garter.
gaslight	Patty and Adam gaslight Ashley, making her believe that Sabrina's ghost is haunting her.
gasolene	The principal manufactures are belting, woollens, tinners' hardware, iron and gasolene motors.
gasp	She caught her breath in a startled gasp of pain.
garrison	The harbour is protected by forts and there is a garrison in the town.
gas	At the gas station there were only two cars.
gassed	They are thrown in the bin and then either crushed or gassed.
gassy	Occasionally, at very gassy and dangerous collieries, two fans and driving engines are erected at the same air shaft, and in case of accident to the fan in operation the other can be started within a few minutes.
gassiness	Although many pet owners report being happy after switching to Blue, others report that their dogs experienced digestive problems, including gassiness and diarrhea.
gasoline	I've got some gasoline I use in the lawn mower.
gassing	The fibre and nibs have to be cleaned off by means of a gassing machine so constructed that the end of silk (silk yarn) is frictioned to throw off the nibs, and at the same time is run very rapidly through a gas flame a sufficient number of times to burn off the hairy and fibrous matter without injuring the main thread.
gastritis	This effect is the same however the drug be administered, as, even after subcutaneous injection, the arsenic is excreted into the stomach after absorption, and thus sets up gastritis in its passage through the mucous membrane.
gastrectomy	On 1 October a consultant surgeon performed a subtotal gastrectomy (surgical removal of part of the stomach ).
gastrin	Other effects related to acid inhibition During treatment with antisecretory drugs, serum gastrin increases in response to the decreased acid secretion.
gastroenteritis	I've got a little scar under my chin from when I had gastroenteritis.
gastric	The diluted acid is used internally to relieve vomiting or gastric pain.
gastroenterologist	It accounts for approximately 3 percent of pediatric outpatient visits and 25 percent of visits to a pediatric gastroenterologist.
gastronomic	Orta's response was to persuade a famous chef to turn the leftover food into a gastronomic feast and invite passers-by to eat it.
gastronomy	The restaurants reflects the best traditional gastronomy of the Romagna area.
gat	Quhar Thai com, thai maid thaim gat; Barb. xiii.
gastrulation	Gastrulation takes place by epiboly, and the stomodaeum (oral invagination - mastax pharynx) takes place in two stages of the region of the closed blastopore.
gastrula	If the embryo is set free as a free-swimming, so-called planula-larva, in the blastula, parenchymula, or gastrula stage, then a free actinula stage is not found; if, on the other hand, a free actinula occurs, then there is no free planula stage.
gateau	Then the somewhat artificial scent of Black Forest Gateau emerges strongly, with a dusting of coconut.
gatecrasher	The new version of ` The Gatecrasher ' could be seamlessly segued to ` Overcome ' or ` Poems ' .
gather	I need to gather the eggs.
gatehouse	One of the daughters, Anne Bellamy, was arrested and imprisoned in the gatehouse of Holborn.
gastrointestinal	We report a case of Brunner's gland adenoma in which the patient presented with major gastrointestinal bleeding.
gated	The town car moved at a quick pace, bringing them to a mansion atop one of the private, gated drives tucked away from sight along Skyline Drive.
gathers	I would rather sit in the open air, for no dust gathers on the grass, unless where man has broken ground.
gauche	So how do you let guests know where you registered without seeming gauche?
gateway	A shockwave exploded from the gateway and knocked her back.
gaudy	The decorations were of somewhat gaudy stucco.
gauge	You can gauge the risk.
gaucho	The Gaucho is no longer able to protect him and 3 small green aphids now lurk in his foliage.
gauged	He couldn't tell the time in the windowless room, but he gauged it to be after midnight.
gate	He opened the gate for her and she went straight to his waiting arms.
gaulish	Ancyra was the centre of the Tectosages, one of the three Gaulish tribes which settled in Galatia in the 3rd century B.C., and became the capital of the Roman province of Galatia when it was formally constituted in 25 B.C. During the Byzantine period, throughout which it occupied a position of great importance, it was captured by Persians and Arabs; then it fell into the hands of the Seljuk Turks, was held for eighteen years by the Latin Crusaders, and finally passed to the Ottoman Turks in 1360.
gault	The carbonaceous sandstone contains Gault fossils.
gaunt	He walked with a slight limp and his gaunt frame was gangly.
gauze	On the removal of any plug, this wire gauze prevented the sand from flowing with the water into the well; but while the finer particles of sand remained in the neighbourhood of the orifice, the flow of water through the contracted area was very small.
gauntlet	I wouldn't throw down the gauntlet with him, Gerry said with gravity.
gathering	Lisa was silent a moment, gathering courage.
gave	They asked him, 'Who gave it you?'
gauzy	The color here is periwinkle haze, a gauzy sky to deep blue.
gavage	Further consideration was given to the negative results in the single dose UDS assay in the forestomach of mice using gavage dosing.
gauss	He was also the author of important papers in which he extended to complex quadratic forms many of Gauss's investigations relating to real quadratic forms. After 1864 he devoted himself chiefly to elliptic functions, and numerous papers on this subject were published by him in the Proc. Lond.
gaur	The gaur, which reaches a height of nearly 6 ft.
gavel	Music that doesn't bang a gavel to bring you to order.
gaul	Cisalpine Gaul, including the whole of northern Italy, still constituted a province, an appellation never applied to Italy itself.
gay	It was a gay and brilliant fete.
gavelkind	The old Welsh land tenure by gavelkind was, however, still permitted to remain in force amongst the natives of all Wales, whilst it was henceforth arranged to administer justice in the eight counties by special royal judges, and in the Marches by the officers appointed by the various lords-marchers according to the terms of their tenure.
gaze	His gaze shifted away from her.
gawk	The newborn continued to gawk at his hand.
gayal	Gayal are kept by the natives of the hill-districts of Assam and parts of Tenasserim and Upper Burma.
gazetteer	See The Imperial Gazetteer of India (Oxford, 1908), x.
gavial	C. cataphractus is the common crocodile of West Africa, easily recognised by the slender snout which resembles that of the gavial, but the mandibular symphysis does not reach beyond the eighth tooth.
gazebo	If the garden has a gazebo, it makes sense to have the wedding staged on the steps.
gawp	All members are welcome; whether to cave, climb, walk or just gawp at the scenery.
gazelle	Is this the horse or the gazelle?
gazette	The first newspaper, the Bermuda Gazette, was published in 1784.
gazpacho	I started with a chilled gazpacho soup with cucumber red onion salsa, £ 4.00.
gc	This expression shows that as a increases y increases until when Wa = gc, y becomes infinitely large.
gdp	China 's GDP reached 18.23 trillion yuan in 2005, an increase of 9.9 percent over the previous year.
gearshift	About three or four years ago, everybody wanted a sequential gearshift.
geek	Actually, Rick doesn't mind being called a geek.
geese	Geese, duck and teal are abundant.
gcse	At GCSE, at least 20% of marks are given for grammatical accuracy.
gb	Previous EYOF Gold medal winners from Great Britain include the current GB athletics captain Dwain Chambers.
gecko	I found a gecko behind my waste bin this morning, that's probably what has been keeping down the mosquitoes.
gee	Gee, I can't remember.
geezer	The old geezer is probably just pulling our legs.
gel	He injected the gel into her arm, and warmth spread through her.
gearing	It took her a few minutes to become accustomed to the gearing, but she was shifting smoothly much quicker than he expected.
geisha	In Japan, the elusive geisha wore silk robes called kimonos.
geest	The natural division into dunes, geest grounds, and clay and low fen holds for South as well as for North Holland.
geist	While much that Herder produced after settling in Weimar has little value, he wrote also some of his best works, among others his collection of popular poetry on which he had been engaged for many years, Stimmen der Volker in Liedern (1778-1779); his translation of the Spanish romances of the Cid (1805); his celebrated work on Hebrew poetry, Vom Geist der hebrdischen Poesie (1782-1783); and his opus magnum, the Ideen zur Philosophie der Geschichte der Menschheit (1784-1791).
gelatine	The culture of such algae may prove of economic importance; gelatine, glue and agar-agar would be valuable by-products.
gelatinoid	The middle layer or mesogloea is not originally a cellular layer, but a gelatinoid structureless substance, secreted by the two cellular layers.
gelatin	Typical albuminoids are gelatin, keratin, elastin, fibroin, spongin and conchiolin.
geld	According to Domesday, Ashburton was held in chief by Osbern, bishop of Exeter, and rendered geld for six hides.
gear	I guess your gear is back in your car.
gelatinous	It consists of a thin sheet of transparent gelatinous material 2 or 3 f t.
gelding	It was a sorrel gelding named Red.
gemma	Chris has also deployed his other SAR dog Gemma to the Turkish earthquake which took place in 1999 and the Algerian Earthquake of 2003.
gem	A diamond is the hardest, most resilient, most beautiful gem of all.
gena	Gena, foot elongated posteriorly, no operculum.
gendarmerie	The gendarmerie consists of about 150 men.
gemini	Thus Mercury, as the planet nearest the sun, obtained Virgo, the sign adjacent to Leo, with the corresponding lunar house in Gemini; Venus had Libra (solar) and Taurus (lunar); and so for the rest.
gen	According to Gen.
genealogy	The genealogy of Jesus here given is peculiar to this Gospel.
genealogically	Especially in the case of manifest adaptations, organs possessed by creatures far apart genealogically may be moulded into conditions that are extremely alike.
gemstone	There are many places where you can buy affordable natural gemstone jewelry.
genealogist	These cover every location and every subject of interest to a genealogist.
genealogical	See the genealogical table to the article Bourbon.
generalize	That said, it is still impossible to generalize.
generalization	However, this is a generalization that does not apply in many specific instances.
generality	In the 18th century it was capital of Gascony, and seat of a generality.
generalissimo	The vice-president is the destined commander-in-chief of the field armies and is styled the generalissimo.
generalized	This order of discovery shows that the third law was generalized.
generate	Set this keyboard to generate a scatter plot.
gender	Did you know that the female gender had a guardian?
gene	That is quite a gene pool you two have.
generalship	Any comparison between the generalship of these two great commanders would therefore be misleading, for want of a common basis.
general	She chose a trail that appeared to head in the general direction she wanted to go and began walking.
generic	In Persian Yauna was the generic term for Greeks.'
generically	The oldest of the class (i) is that generically known as a coherer, the construction of which we have already described.
generating	The latter is therefore called the generating function of the former.
generous	You've been far too generous already.
generosity	I thanked him for his generosity and donated a hundred dollar bill to his mission.
generative	Kaiser has described as kidneys two organs something like minute shrubs situated dorsally to the generative ducts into which they open.
genera	The pasto duro is largely composed of the genera Stipa and Melica.
genet	The genet and the common jackal are fairly abundant.
generator	The generator would be more than the town needed, even for winter.
generously	He also generously awarded those who helped him win battles.
geneticist	An experienced geneticist may recognize subtle differences in facial characteristics.
genial	What a genial person he was.
generally	You are fortunate, for the latter are generally the stronger!
generation	This generation has no idea.
geniality	Further he had an engaging geniality of manner and much tact in dealing with men.
genetic	This is a form of genetic modification.
genetics	Genetics seems to play a part in food allergies.
genetically	He'd had a lot of women throw themselves at him, most of them more interested in the genetically altered body that made him as good in bed as he was in battle.
geneva	Leaving the service after the war, he studied jurisprudence at Heidelberg, GÃ¶ttingen and Jena, and in 1819 went for a while to Geneva to complete his studies.
genesis	It affords a point of departure for the interpretation of the genesis of existing instincts.
genius	No man ever followed his genius till it misled him.
genocide	Before he is even an adult, Ender has committed genocide.
genie	He's a genie offering a bottle with a flying carpet tossed in.
genitive	Some phonetic characteristics of the dialect may be regarded as quite certain; (I) the change of the original short o to a (as in the last syllable of the genitive kalatoras); (2) of final -m to -n (as in g ran); (3) of -ni- -ti- -si- respectively to -nn- -to- and -ss- as in dazohonnes Dasonius, dazohonnihi Dasonii; dazetOes, gen.
genitals	Scientists have discovered fossils of the world's oldest genitals belonging to 400 million-year-old insects in ancient rocks in Scotland.
genotype	Identical twins will have the same DNA, genetic material (genotype), but it may be expressed differently (phenotype).
genitalia	The intervening segments contain the genitalia, which are on the Oligochaeta plan in that the gonads are independent of their ducts and that there are special spermathecae, one pair.
gent	Dean was reluctant to admit it, but the old gent had met with some success.
genomic	Dissociation of core particles into open core and genomic RNA The open core particles devoid of genomic dsRNAs were isolated by centrifugation through CsTFA.
genteel	A cat's tail movement is more genteel, and more like a wave than a wag.
gens	It is not known to what gens he belonged.
gentle	Her face was calm, gentle, and happy.
genital	Associated with these glands are frequently to be found bundles or pairs of long and variously modified setae which are termed penial setae,to distinguish them from other setae sometimes but not always associated with rather similarglandswhich are found anteriorly to these, and often in the immediate neighbourhood of the spermathecae; the latter are spoken of as genital setae.
gentility	There's an aura of only very slightly faded gentility about the place that I rather liked.
gentile	Mendelssohn's Phaedo, on the immortality of the soul, brought the author into immediate fame, and the simple home of the Jewish Plato was sought by many of the leaders of Gentile society in Berlin.
gentian	One medical study, using large amounts of gentian violet in rats, found that it could cause cancer.
gentlemanly	How very gentlemanly of you to give people due warning.
gentleness	His gentleness was unexpected as he examined the wrapped injury.
gentlemanliness	Gentlemanliness it regards as perfect virtue, containing all particular virtues, and all goods for the sake of the honourable.
gentlewoman	Returning home, he was disinherited by his father's will, for his marriage with Cornelia (Neeltje) Simons, a portionless gentlewoman.
gentoo	Then there are some rocky outcrops where the Gentoo penguins seem to stay.
gents	It'll be the front cover of Gents Only next month.
gentleman	A gentleman gave me a beautiful card.
genuine	Lisa hugged her with genuine feeling.
gentry	Among the gentry of the province Nicholas was respected but not liked.
genus	They are the starfish proper, and have the typical genus Asterias.
genuineness	The substantial genuineness of the discourses is now accepted by the great body of critics.
geochemistry	I am at present studying MSC geochemistry at the University of Leeds, United Kingdom.
geocentric	The relation of geocentric to apparent co-ordinates depends upon the latitude of the observer.
genuinely	Gabe asked, genuinely interested.
genre	Before you begin writing your novel, you must decide on a form and a genre.
geodesy	Hence geodesy may be regarded as a branch of practical astronomy.
geodesic	It is claimed that there are 100,000 geodesic domes in use around the world.
geographical	The small British province of Ajmere-Merwara is also included within the geographical area of Rajputana.
geography	The geography of Northern Italy is described in several popular guide books.
geodetic	It is based upon a triangulation by the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey.
geoid	The inequalities of the geoid in no case exceed 300 ft.
geologic	The climate in late geologic time was very different from that which prevails to-day.
geographically	He knows you can pop up anywhere, geographically; you've proved that to him.
geographic	Geographic isolation has somewhat fostered state industries.
geographer	The city of Kano appears on the map of the Arab geographer, Idrisi, A.D.
geologically	Geologically considered, the country may be divided into three regions - a central, and the largest, comprising the whole width of the Aravalli system, formed of very old sub-metamorphic and gneissic rocks; an eastern region, with sharply defined boundary, along which the most ancient formations are abruptly replaced by the great basin of the Vindhyan strata, or are overlaid by the still more extensive spread of the Deccan trap, forming the plateau of Malwa; and a western region, of very ill-defined margin, in which, besides some rocks of undetermined age, it is more or less known or suspected that Tertiary and Secondary strata stretch across from Sind, beneath the sands of the desert, towards the flanks of the Aravallis.
geomagnetic	The contours so obtained showed a peak in n i at, or slightly South of, the geomagnetic equator.
geologist	The geologist and the trained archaeologist are associated.
geometer	As a geometer he is classed by Eudemus, the greatest ancient authority, among those who have enriched the science with original theorems, and given it a really sound arrangement.
geometrically	Physical action is, therefore, impression, or transmission of force in lines, and must accordingly be explained geometrically.
gently	Alex gently patted her on the back.
geology	There are museums of mineralogy and geology, a lower school of mining, model room and scientific library.
geometrician	He was quite as much a geometrician as he was an analyst.
geological	They were beautiful and tiny, some sort of geological anomaly.
geomorphology	Geomorphology is the part of geography which deals with terrestrial relief, including the submarine as well as the subaerial portions of the crust.
geometric	Its edges were gilded with gold marking a lazy geometric design across the marble.
geometrical	The windows in the outer walls are filled with pierced stone screens of geometrical design.
geopolitics	During the cold war, immigration was more a question of global geopolitics.
geophysical	The new study consisted of a measured survey of the surviving earthworks, together with a geophysical survey of features below the surface.
geometry	I think we shared a geometry class the last year of school.
geophysics	In addition to boreholes, the Crossrail team is also using geophysics to study the ground conditions.
geopolitical	Peace and security, as well as aid issues, increasingly dominate the geopolitical agenda.
geostationary	The system would then be deployed in low earth orbit prior to being towed to geostationary orbit.
georgette	Long sleeved georgette tunic tops embellished with embroidery are worn layered over sexy camisoles and elegant wide-legged trousers.
georgian	The Georgian Lazes are, however, Mussulmans.
geotropic	These movements are spoken of as different kinds of geotropic curvatures.
geothermal	Geothermal energy uses the heat from the ground.
gerbil	It was then that my slowly reacting brain, flowing like cold molasses began to function, more than a gerbil driven wheel.
geriatric	Fred called as he took off at a geriatric jog toward the building.
geriatrics	My talk on the future of geriatrics provoked a lot of discussion and I was overwhelmed by the warmth of my reception.
geranium	The pelargonium group, including many varieties of geranium, is widely represented.
germanism	Germanism had so far served as the basis of the Austrian system, not as a national ideal, but because it formed a sort of unnational mediating, and common element among the contradictory and clamorous racial tendencies.
germane	The subject, needless to say, is very germane to our society today.
germanic	In these circumstances the intrusion of Germanic elements into ecclesiastical law is easy to understand.
george	George saw the tears in his mother's eyes.
germanization	This movement, extending in time from about the middle of the 11th to the middle of the 13th century and carrying a stream of settlers and traders from the Northwest, resulted not only in the Germanization of a wide territory but in the extension of German influence along the sea-coast far to the east of actual territorial settlement.
germanium	Germanium compounds on fusion with alkaline carbonates and sulphur form salts known as thiogermanates.
germanize	Basta was authorized to Germanize and Catholicize without delay, and he began by dividing the property of most of the nobles among his officers, appropriating the lion's share himself.
germ	But this small village, germ of something more, why did it fail while Concord keeps its ground?
germicide	The bacillus is non-resistant and easily killed by heat and germicide substances, particularly acids.
germinal	In this way we may distinguish, first, vegetative reproduction, the result of discontinuous growth of the tissues and cell-layers of the body as a whole, leading to (I) fission, (2) autotomy, or (3) vegetative budding; secondly, germinal reproduction, the result of the reproductive activity of the archaeocytes or germinal tissue.
german	The German doctor went up to Lorrain.
germination	The conditions for germination are much the same as for growth in general.
gerrymander	It was accomplished then after a Democratic gerrymander had been twice overthrown in the courts.
germinate	When the tuber of a potato begins to germinate the shoots which it puts out derive their food from the accumulated store of nutritive material which has been laid up in the cells of the tuber.
gerontology	However, gerontology researchers have begun to study the best practices that are in use by various centers.
gesellschaft	The Berlin Geographical Society (Gesellschaft fiir Erdkunde) is second in order of seniority, having been founded in 1827.
gestalt	Communication is a gestalt, made up of gesture, tone and the infinite vagaries of the living face.
gestapo	The Gestapo is making noises about keeping us here overnight, if you can believe it!
gesture	That was a nice gesture on someone's part.
gesticulation	His eloquence was in turn majestic, fierce, playful, insinuating; his gesticulation natural, vivid, large, powerful.
gesso	Late Minoan art in its finest aspect is best illustrated by the animated ivory figures, wall paintings, and gesso duro reliefs at Cnossus, by the painted stucco designs at Hagia Triada, and the steatite vases found on the same site with zones in reliefs exhibiting life-like scenes of warriors, toreadors, gladiators, wrestlers and pugilists, and of a festal throng perhaps representing a kind of harvest home.
getter	Of its patriotic editors the most prominent was Erik Gustaf Geijer (q.v.; 1783-1847), but he was presently joined by a young man slightly older than himself, Esaias Tegner (q.v.; 1782-1846), afterwards bishop of Getter.
gestation	The period of gestation in the mare is about eleven months.
geyser	The geyser district is held as a national domain, the Yellowstone Park.
ghastly	A fragment of the ghastly structure is in the library of Lincoln cathedral.
getaway	He offered an exchange for a later getaway weekend at Bird Song for the man and his wife.
ghat	Near the Manikarnika ghat is the well held to have been dug by Vishnu and filled with his sweat; great numbers of pilgrims bathe in its venerated water.
gherkin	The garnish was a mini gherkin, red onion and tomato slice.
ghazi	The nocturnal expedition across the Hellespont by which Suleiman, the son of Orkhan, won Galipoli and therewith a foothold in Europe for his race, was shared in and celebrated in verse by a Turkish noble or chieftain named Ghazi Fazil.
ghost	I think I saw a ghost, in the hall!
ghazal	There is now neither inlet nor outlet to the lake in this direction, the mouth of the Ghazal having become a fertile millet field.
ghee	The adult women would be making ghee from the milk and preparing food.
ghoul	These recipes are fun and are sure to get everyone in a ghoul mood.
get	Let's get in out of this cold wind.
giant	The giant pipe ran through a wooded area, away from the cliff edge.
ghetto	Severe ghetto laws led many of the Jews to emigrate.
ghoulish	Scary Halloween costume pictures can help you pick the perfect ghoulish attire this Halloween.
getting	They are getting ready to start this very night.
ghostly	It couldn't be real, and yet... she remembered the train whistle and the ghostly voice of Nick.
gibberish	He spoke in tear-filled gibberish she didn't understand, and she moved away to the door.
giantism	The condition, pituitary giantism, makes growth continue after most people stop developing.
gi	Writing D = gi d od p!
gib	Gib's action in forming the Antiburgher Synod led, after prolonged litigation, to his exclusion from the building in Bristo Street where his congregation had met.
gibbet	The executioners were ceaselessly at work with stake, sword and gibbet.
giaour	On the east, no natural boundary separates it from the Armenian plateau; but, for descriptive purposes, it will suffice to take a line drawn from the southern extremity of the Giaour Dagh, east of the Gulf of Alexandretta along the crest of that chain, then along that of the eastern Taurus to the Euphrates near Malatia, then up the river, keeping to the western arm till Erzingan is reached, and finally bending north to the Black Sea along the course of the Churuk Su, which flows out west of Batum.
gibe	The Thracian spearmen, who were watching him from the door, began to gibe at his cowardice.
gibbous	The first week after full, it is called waning gibbous.
giddy	She shook her head, feeling giddy as she gazed up at his smooth bronze features.
gift	Send the beautiful gift to him.
gifted	Each of the brothers on the Council was gifted in some way.
giblets	Take the giblets, neck, and anything else found inside the cavity of the turkey out of the turkey and either discard it, save it for soup, or prepare it.
giddiness	The attacks of giddiness and deafness to which he had always been liable increased upon him.
gif	This menu button will only appear for GIF export.
gigabytes	Despite their compact size, they are capable of holding hundreds of songs with a few gigabytes of space.
giggle	Evelyn's giggle turned into outright laughter.
gigantism	When pathological GH excess occurs before epiphyseal fusion in the long bone, the condition is known as gigantism.
gibbon	Gibbon sat and listened unobserved to their strictures.
giggly	You aren't giggly or a blabber mouth either, are you?
gigantic	From the latter there grew a gigantic gourd.
gig	Preferably in mid January when it's hot and all musicians must have a surf before the gig, followed by a beach BBQ.
gilder	I also met Mr. Richard Watson Gilder and Mr. Edmund Clarence Stedman.
gilded	He stopped to evaluate the gilded ornaments.
gilding	Gilding and enamel decoration are applied to vessels when cold, and fixed by heat.
gild	Dunstable had also a gild merchant and was affiliated to London.
gill	Naturally, it is among the free living forms that the parapodium is best developed, and least developed among the tubicolous belongs typically a long tentacle, the cirrus, which 'r podium or neuropodium, and may be developed into an arborescent gill or into a flat scale-like process, A the elytron (in Polynoe, &c.).
gilbert	The old church was destroyed in the great fire of 1842, and the new building, designed by Sir George Gilbert Scott in 13th century Gothic, was erected 18 451874.
ginger	So did Ginger, and Joseph actually smiled.
gilt	It is highly ornamented with gilt and stucco.
gimmickry	Amid all of this Japan lost none of its appetite for technological gimmickry.
gimmick	In my opinion, the cost to create the gimmick is well worth it.
gimmicky	For us politics is n't about gimmicky pledge cards with vacuous statements.
gingerly	Lisa gingerly settled her body on the couch.
gimmer	Mule gimmer lambs are sold at the annual Carlisle Luke Fair sale in September.
gingerbread	The place is well known for its gingerbread (amaretti) and is also a manufacturing town.
gingko	In adults, alternative treatments for cramps include gingko (Ginkgo biloba) or Japanese quince (Chaenomeles speciosa).
gipsy	There are also Bhil (120,000) and Gipsy (30,000) dialects.
ginny	Click here if you can help canna Lilies From Ginny, South Carolina I recently started planting canna lillies.
ginkgo	On account of the resemblance of the leaves to those of some species of Adiantum, the appellation maiden-hair tree has long been given to Ginkgo biloba.
ginseng	Paper and ginseng are the only manufactured articles on the list of Korean exports.
giraffe	In the giraffe it may be absent or present.
girl	A little girl said she would write about Summer.
gird	It was not, indeed, the first knightly Order to gird itself for the task.
girdling	Trees in containers sometimes suffer from root girdling.
girlhood	Rowland, desired to create a doll that focused on girlhood and made history interesting and fun to learn.
girlie	And I thought I was a big girlie blouse when it comes to arachnids.
girdle	Valves immersed in the girdle, with small tegmentum.
gist	This must have been the gist of the special revelation.
girder	The underside of the stiffening girder is 82 ft.
give	Give me some information.
girlish	Two girlish voices sang a musical passage--the end of some song.
girth	When full-grown the entire length of the animal is about 4 ft., and the girth 3 ft.
giver	And in the Holy Ghost, the Lord and Giver of Life, who proceedeth from the Father [and the Son], who with the Father and the Son together is worshipped and glorified, who spake by the Prophets, 9.
girt	At his accession spectators were struck by the fearless manner in which he rode, practically unattended, on his way to be girt with the sword of Eyub.
gizzard	The gizzard of various birds which are addicted to eating hairy caterpillars, e.g.
glabrous	The bright green, glabrous leaves are broad and oblong, about 6 in.
glace	This station was intended for the Transatlantic service in correspondence with a similar station at Glace Bay in Nova Scotia.
giving	You keep giving it.
glad	I'm so glad I have you.
glaciation	All the lakes of the state were formed by glaciation.
glaciated	Amongst all these high glens there is a remarkable absence of lakes and waterfalls; nor are there down in the lower valleys at the foot of the mountains, as one would naturally expect in a region so extensively glaciated, any sheets of water corresponding to the Swiss lakes.
glacier	About half a mile from the glacier the river turns S.E.
glacis	Behind the citadel, and along its glacis on the southern side, are the gardens of Kalemegdan, commanding a famous view across the river; behind Kalemegdan comes Belgrade itself, a city of white houses, among which a few great public buildings, like the high school, national bank, national theatre and the so-called New Palace, stand forth prominently.
glade	In 1895 part of Glade township was annexed.
given	Do you think they may have given up?
gladly	He gladly accepted the invitation.
gladiatorial	Inscriptions show that the inhabitants of Praeneste were especially fond of gladiatorial shows.
gladiator	The battle that started to ensue made the violent movie Gladiator look like a picnic.
gladness	Hence it was the closing feast of the harvest gladness.
glacial	The northern soils, which are glacial deposits more or less redistributed by water, are much less fertile as a rule, and consist of all possible varieties from a tough boulder clay to loose sand.
gladiolus	Those who desire their gardens to be beautiful late in the autumn should not fail to employ the Gladiolus largely.
glamorous	The job sounded quite easy, and quite glamorous too.
gladioli	Plant out gladioli, if not done, tigridias and fine stocks.
glamour	The extent and glamour of his empire exercised a potent spell on western Europe.
glance	One glance at the picture and his neck turned red.
glancing	Glancing at the road behind them he pulled back onto the highway.
glamor	Earrings - Earrings are important to give a bit of extra glamor to an outfit.
gland	They have a musk gland on top of their rump that produces a smell when they get upset.
glam	Whereas virtually all the musicians who set the styles and played the tunes of glam rock were men, 70s glam fashion allowed for an equality in dress that mirrored the growing equal rights movements of women in the US and UK.
glamorously	These unique pieces come across just as glamorously as their leather counterparts, yet exude a sense of sassy style all their own.
glare	She gave him a stern glare that made him smile.
glaring	Katie was glaring at Toby, who grinned.
glass	Could I have a glass of water?
glaringly	Deep discounts are glaringly apparent at Sierra Trading Post.
glandular	The lacrymal is always present, and perforated by a glandular duct.
glanders	In this way secondary abscesses, secondary tubercle glanders and nodules, &c., result; in typhoid fever there is secondary invasion of the mesenteric glands, and clumps of bacilli are also found in internal organs, especially the spleen, though there may be little tissue change around them.
glans	The orifice of the urethra is about an inch below the glans clitoridis and is slightly puckered.
glassworks	It is a poor and crowded district, and a large industrial population is employed in the riverside wharves and in potteries, glassworks and other manufactures.
glassmaker	During the eighteenth century hinged two piece molds were introduced, allowing the glassmaker to exert greater control over the shaping of the bottle.
glassware	The principal articles of export are wood, sugar, cattle, glass and glassware, iron and ironware, eggs, cereals, millinery, fancy goods, earthenware and pottery, and leather goods.
glauconite	Green mud differs to a greater extent from the blue mud, and owes its characteristic nature and colour to the presence of glauconite, which is formed inside the cases of foraminifera, the spines of echini and the spicules of sponges in a manner not yet understood.
glassy	Her face was white, her eyes glassy.
glaucous	The absence of the ordinary bright green colours of vegetation is another peculiarity of this flora, almost all the plants having glaucous or whitened stems. Foliage is reduced to a minimum, the moisture of the plant being stored up in massive or fleshy stems against the long-continued drought.
glazier	The infant was entrusted to the wife of a glazier named Rousseau who lived close by.
glaucoma	Perhaps his two most important discoveries were his method of treating glaucoma and his new operation for cataract.
glazed	His eye glazed over.
glc	In March 1986 the GLC was finally abolished bringing to an end almost 100 years of London Government.
glazing	The development of glazing at the beginning of the dynasties was sudden and effective.
glaze	It's ham with a maple syrup and brown sugar glaze on it.
glee	Try to get the opportunity to hear a glee.
gleefully	He asked the question almost gleefully.
glazer	Glazer's adviser, the investment bank NM Rothschild, has been conducting due diligence on Man Utd over the past month.
gleanings	Far better both as draughtsman and as authority was George Edwards, who in 1 743 began, under the same title as Albin, a series of plates with letterpress, which was continued by the name of Gleanings in Natural History, and finished in 1760, when it had reached seven parts, forming four quarto volumes, the figures of which are nearly always quoted with approval.4 The year which saw the works of Edwards completed was still further distinguished by the appearance in France, where little had been done since Belon's days,' in six quarto volumes, of the Ornithologie of MathurinJacques Brisson - a work of very great merit so far as it goes, for as a descriptive ornithologist the author stands even now unsurpassed; but it must be said that his knowledge, according to internal evidence, was confined to books and to the external parts of birds' skins.
gleam	The gleam in his gaze grew brighter.
gleeful	There was a moment of silence, then a child's gleeful laugh.
glean	I took my time to see what secrets I might glean from their abode.
glebe	One-half of the town is glebe belonging to the rectory.
glengarry	There were also the Macdonalds of Clanranald and Glengarry (descendants of Somerled), with the powerful houses of Macleod of Dunvegan and Macleod of Harris, M`Neil1 of Barra and Maclean of Mull.
glenoid	When the wing is folded the long glenoid surface of the head of the humerus is bordered above by the tuberculum externum or superius, in the middle and below by the tuberculum medium or inferius for the insertion of the coraco-brachialis posterior muscle.
gliadin	One of the main allergens in wheat is a protein called gliadin, which is found in gluten.
glib	But any such comparisons are very superficial and very glib.
glimmer	By the glimmer in his eye, he wanted her to move.
glimpse	She got a glimpse of the horse in the trailer.
glimmering	Her features were even and firm, her lips plump and glimmering with sparkly gloss.
glider	We had 4 flights in the Falke motor glider today.
glen	Outside the lower end of each large transverse glen there is a scree of sedimentary matter.
glint	Finally he sat up, a glint of humor in his eyes.
glioma	The average survival for patients with recurrent glioma is four months.
glide	He started to glide her across the floor easily.
gliding	Its gliding motion suggested the winding river.
glitch	Don't worry - this is probably a temporary glitch.
glissando	At the end, the oboe motive returns, to be dismissed by a final harp glissando.
glitterati	The event promises to be a night of glamor and style with the press and fashion glitterati in attendance.
global	All this will happen eventually, I believe, even if global hunger policy were not to change one iota.
glisten	Icicles make the world glisten and shine.
globally	Globally, about 1 to 2 million individuals have the disease.
globe	He's been globe trotting for the last three weeks.
gloat	I'm much too happy to gloat.
glitz	If you want glitz and glamor that's Moore.
glitzy	Selections include behind the scenes highlights, interviews with the company's most beloved models, auditions and a close look at all the glitzy diamonds and fancy lingerie that takes center stage during the show.
glitter	Toby was showing him the glitter drawing he'd done.
globin	This circumstance substantially reduces the amount of alpha globin that the body produces.
globule	The liver cells are seen to contain a large globule of fat which pushes the cell nucleus to one side - giving the signet-ring appearance.
globose	They have the fleshy stems characteristic of the order, these being either globose, oblong or cylindrical, and either ribbed as in Melocactus, or broken up into distinct tubercles, and most of them armed with stiff sharp pines, set in little woolly cushions occupying the place of the buds.
globular	Some are globular and others are rod-shaped; they may be grouped in clusters, stars, rosettes, rows, chains or swarms of indefinite shape.
globulin	Egg-albumin is the chief constituent of the white of egg; this fluid also contains a globulin and a mucoid.
gloom	The news of his death cast a gloom over the whole empire.
glockenspiel	He's going to play the glockenspiel cadenza too!
gloomy	He was gloomy and absent-minded.
glomerulus	It contains a closed vesicle regarded by Schepotieff as a right probosciscavity and in any case representing the pericardium of Balangolossus, the glomerulus of which is also probably represented.
glorify	You glorify your education.
glomerulonephritis	If these filtering units get inflamed (swollen) for some reason (see causes) this is called glomerulonephritis.
glorious	Only look how glorious it is!
gloomily	He became gloomily religious, and in a new volume of poems he denounced all that he valued and enjoyed before his conversion.
gloria	Music with Latin words is not excluded from the Lutheran Church, and the Kyrie and Gloria are frequently sung in succession and entitled a Mass.
glomerular	The segment that drains glomerular filtrate from the Bowman's capsule is the proximal convoluted tubule.
gloriously	Against the coalition the Republic was gloriously successful.
glossa	Southern Albania, again, is almost wholly mountainous, with the exception of the plains of Iannina and Arta; the most noteworthy feature is the rugged range of the Tchika, or Khimara mountains, which skirt the sea-coast from south-west to northeast, terminating in the lofty promontory of Glossa (ancient Acroceraunia).
gloss	Deep emotion flowed across her expression, causing Jackson's eyes to gloss over.
glossary	A small glossary of some of the more common component words is appended below.
glory	Its glory shall be greater than that of the former temple, and in this place He will give peace.
glorification	He accepted frankly the glorification of brute strength.
glottis	There are two vocal cords with a slit between them called the glottis.
glover	But this important invention was of little use until John Glover, about 1866, found that the nitrous vitriol could be most easily reintroduced into the process by subjecting it to the action of burner-gas before this enters into the lead chambers, preferably after diluting it with chamber acid, that is, acid of from 65 to 70%, H 2 SO 4, as formed in the lead chambers.
glove	There was an old-school cell phone in the glove box.
glucosamine	Replies Di - Lancashire 13/03/2006 Everyone I know who has osteo arthritis swears by glucosamine and chondroitin.
glossy	The glossy ibis is occasionally seen.
glucagon	This in turn stimulates the liver to produce glucose and the pancreas to produce glucagon and insulin.
glucoside	The enzymes which act upon glucosides are many; the best known are emul sin and myrosin, which split up respectively amygdalin, the special glucoside of certain plants of the Rosaceae; and sinfgrin, which has a wide distribution among those of the Cruciferae.
glum	The man stared at him with the same glum look.
gluing	Find a few small ladybugs at your local dollar store, and use them as tiebacks by gluing elastic to their backs.
glume	In both the fruits fall out freely from the glume, and in the latter the awns are three-pronged and shorter than the grain.
glow	Betsy said with a glow in her eyes.
glue	There are several large tobacco factories, flour mills, boot factories, sugar refineries, tanneries, tallow works, meat-preserving, glue and kerosene-oil factories and soap works.
glowing	He faced the small man with glowing green eyes.
glued	She paled, eyes glued to the vault.
glut	Research recipes and preserving methods in case you should get a glut of vegetables.
gluteal	The injection should be intra-muscular, the needle being boldly plunged into a muscular mass, such as that of the deltoid or the gluteal region.
gluteus	The hip extensor action of the lower gluteus maximus contributes to knee stability through two mechanisms.
glumly	Dean glumly tried to get his bearings.
glutton	Could do both, but Sarah would call me a glutton.
gluttony	St Augustine, in several passages, inveighs against those who thus by gluttony and insobriety buried themselves over the buried, and made themselves FIG.
glucose	The glucose provides energy to the cells of the body.
glycerine	It splits it into a fatty acid and glycerine, but seems to have no further action.
glutinous	During wet weather the clay soils can soon become churned by horses into a very glutinous mud.
glycine	This belongs to a class of medicine called the glycine antagonists.
glyceride	The corresponding decomposition of a glyceride into an acid and glycerin takes place when the glyceride is distilled in superheated steam, or by boiling in water mixed with a suitable proportion of caustic potash or soda.
glycerol	In the second trial, those who had taken glycerol reverted to water alone and vise versa.
gluten	When deprived of the gluten it constitutes oswego, maizena or corn flour.
glycoprotein	A number of potent glycoprotein IIb/IIIa antagonists have been developed for therapeutic use.
glycoside	It is a glycoside said to signal the brain that you are satisfied even when eating less.
glycogen	Within the cytoplasm are found manifestations of functional activity, in the form of digestive vacuoles, granules, fat, glycogen, pigment, and foreign bodies.
glyptic	Sacred images were not the only specimens of glyptic art produced in these six centuries; reliquaries, bells, vases, incenseburners, candlesticks, lanterns, decorated arms and armour, and many other objects, showing no less mastery of design and execution, have reached us.
glycolysis	After a few minutes aerobic glycolysis becomes dominant to prevent the build up of toxic levels of lactate in the blood.
glyph	The glyph of the Gemini symbol resembles the Roman numeral II.
gnarly	Katie touched the roots ensnaring the sleeping woman's ankle.  The mess baffled her, as if the roots themselves had reached out to grab Deidre's ankles instead of her slipping and stumbling into them.  The gnarly roots were twisted and thick, wrapped too tightly for her to pry them apart.
gnashing	She heard the sounds of fighting, grunts, growls, and gnashing of teeth.
gnat	The gnat larva, for example, breathes at the tail-end, hanging head-downwards from the surface-film.
gmt	Astigmatism problem resolved 1500 GMT 07 March 2006 The astigmatism problem resolved 1500 GMT 07 March 2006 The astigmatism problem that became apparent in LT images late last year has been resolved.
gnawing	She stared at her feet, gnawing on her lower lip.
gnarl	He was not able to cut through the gnarl of the tree.
gnarled	He tried to move laterally, away to his right, but the gnarled branches of a now-dead bush blocked his path.
gnaw	The muskrat will gnaw his third leg off to be free.
gm	We're inviting the GM to our fundraiser tomorrow night.
gneissic	Geologically considered, the country may be divided into three regions - a central, and the largest, comprising the whole width of the Aravalli system, formed of very old sub-metamorphic and gneissic rocks; an eastern region, with sharply defined boundary, along which the most ancient formations are abruptly replaced by the great basin of the Vindhyan strata, or are overlaid by the still more extensive spread of the Deccan trap, forming the plateau of Malwa; and a western region, of very ill-defined margin, in which, besides some rocks of undetermined age, it is more or less known or suspected that Tertiary and Secondary strata stretch across from Sind, beneath the sands of the desert, towards the flanks of the Aravallis.
gnome	If you just want to do one word search puzzle per day, then go to Game Gnome.
gnomon	He taught, if he did not discover, the obliquity of the ecliptic, is said to have introduced into Greece the gnomon (for determining the solstices) and the sundial, and to have invented some kind of geographical map. But his reputation is due mainly to his work on nature, few words of which remain.
gneiss	The rocks of its lower half are mainly granite and gneiss; its upper half is composed of porphyritic greenstone, and a variety of minerals occur.
gnu	The takin, which may be compared in size to a Kerry cow, is a clumsily built brute with yellowish-brown hair and curiously curved horns, which recall those of the South African white-tailed gnu.
go	Alex would make the misery go away.
gnosis	More popular in style is his Gnosis oder prof.-evang.
gnp	The higher the average income of the people (as expressed through per capita GNP), the higher the tax rate.
gneissose	Geologically, its northern half is composed of Torridonian sandstone, with basalt at points between the West coast and the centre, of gabbro in the south-east, with a belt of gneissose rocks on its east seaboard and of quartz-porphyry in the south-west.
goal	I'm too close to my goal to give up now.
goalkeeper	At present Paul would be my first choice goalkeeper.
gnostic	A Gnostic sect of the 2nd century was known by the name of Cainites.
goad	For the first time since his boyhood he no longer felt the daily goad urging him to the daily toil.
goalie	Not all the teams have goalie styles available, but there is some gear for almost every team in the world.
goalless	The first half was goalless, with all the goals coming in the second forty-five.
gnosticism	Basilides, then, represents that form of Gnosticism that is closest to Persian dualism in its final form.
goatee	His dark face ended in a little black goatee.
gobble	They used to gobble the same food as the gentry.
gob	I knew I should have kept my fat gob shut.
goblet	Sasha sipped blood from a goblet, content.
goatskin	A form of cap much worn in Bengal and western India is known as Irani kullah, or Persian cap. It is made of goatskin and is shaped like a tarbush but has no tassel.
goblin	There is a goblin well at the castle.
goby	In spite of its pugilistic face, the dragon goby, or violet goby as it is also known, is a gentle fish.
gobelin	He inaugurated the new departure a few years ago by copying a Gobelin, but it may safely be asserted that no Gobelin will bear comparison with the pieces now produced in Japan.
goat	How much milk does a goat give?
godfather	Count Cyril Vladimirovich is your godfather after all, your future depends on him.
goddam	I mean, really, have a little goddam gravitas.
goddaughter	The pantaloon's little daughter was my mother's goddaughter, and my thoughts were full of her.
godhead	In the earliest periods of Christian art this splendour was confined to the figures of the persons of the Godhead, but it was afterwards extended to the Virgin Mary and to several of the saints.
godless	In 158 Jonathan began to rule as a judge in Michmash and he destroyed the godless out of Israel - so far, that is, as his power extended.
godliness	He was remarkable for his godliness, his enthusiasm for knowledge, and his prodigious memory.
godlike	How godlike, how immortal, is he?
godhood	Cyprian insists on the admixture of water, which he says represented the humanity of Jesus, as wine his godhood.
godsend	Since video games for the PC can cost anywhere from twenty to sixty dollars, the advent of free kids' games online is a proverbial godsend to parents as well as their children.
godly	Godly love is the highest of the spiritual gifts.
godling	The godling seemed surprised to see Xander last night.
goer	Odin would thus (if we admit the etymology) be the swift goer, the ganger, and it seems superfluous to make him (with Grimm) the all-powerful, all-permeating being, a very abstract and scarcely an early conception.
goddess	She felt too bad for the former goddess to walk away.
godson	Chesterfield, who had no children by his wife, Melusina von Schulemberg, illegitimate daughter of George I., whom he married in 1733, adopted his godson, a distant cousin, named Philip Stanhope (1755-1815), as heir to the title and estates.
godmother	His grandfather, who was his godfather, trembling and afraid of dropping him, carried the infant round the battered tin font and handed him over to the godmother, Princess Mary.
going	He was going to call the doctor.
god	Was God punishing Destiny because they had been greedy?
gold	To a girl who enjoyed surprises, he was a gold mine.
golden	His golden eyes swirled.
goitre	Goitre and leprosy are the only endemic diseases; but the natives, being underfed, are prone to diarrhoea and dyspepsia.
goldfinch	The adult goldfinch on the left is probably a female.
goggle	If you tend to do better with written instructions, read Taking Care of Your Goggle System from The Paintball Times.
goliath	He was called by his adversaries the Goliath of the Protestants.
goiter	The doctor may also examine the neck with the eyes and hands to see if a goiter is present.
goldfish	You can tell if your goldfish has a bacterial infection because the fin will look very ragged, while a fungal infection will cause the fin to rot away more evenly and there will be a white edge along the end of the fin.
goldsmith	Burke, like Goldsmith, achieved no academic distinction.
gomorrah	It was in this district that the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah were situated.
golfer	Like an angry golfer, she sent a huge divot into the air.
gonad	The gonads are on the radial canals or on the stomach (Ptychogastridae), and each gonad may be divided into two by a longitudinal sub-umbral muscle-tract.
golly	Well, golly gee, what have you done to me?
gonadal	Subsequently, however, researchers concluded that the rare recurrence of OI to a couple with a child with autosomal dominant OI is more likely due to gonadal mosaicism.
goggles	Dark welding goggles or glasses have to be worn.
gonadotropin	Blood tests may be run to check for a normal level of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), a pregnancy hormone that rises with pregnancy.
gone	He's gone to heaven now.
golf	A little golf, but that just frustrates me and cost money.
gondola	Dean hurried to return his skis while the others took the gondola back to the parking lot.
gondi	In 1581 it was erected into a duchy in the peerage of France (duche-pairie) for Albert de Gondi, marshal of France and general of the galleys.
gong	I was trying to come up with an exit excuse when a gong sounded from above.
goner	I thought he was a goner before we even got him out of the gorge.
gonfalonier	A new magistrate, the gonfalonier of justice, appears in some of the Guelph cities, with the special duty of keeping the insolence of the nobility in check.
gongorism	Next the taint of Gongorism appeared, and the extent to which it affected the literature of Portugal may be seen in the five volumes of the Fenix renascida, where the very titles of the poems suffice to show the futilities which occupied the attention of some of the best talents.
goniometer	This measurement can also be made with a goniometer eyepiece, in which a row of parallel double-marks are used instead of the cross threads.
good	It felt so good to be home.
goodie	Goodie bags or small party favors are a nice gesture to provide guests with a keepsake of the party.
goodness	Thank goodness someone finally settled the name problem.
gonorrhea	At this time he contracted gonorrhea, an affliction that he was to endure many times in the course of his life.
goober	Recently a goober IT guy just got promoted and all the women go crazy over him.
goodwill	They'd gone shopping at the local Goodwill for their polyester outfits.
goodly	The Apollo of the Iliad has the character of a local Asiatic deity - ruler of Chryse and goodly Cilla and Tenedos.
gonophore	In this way the medusa sinks from an independent per sonality to an organ of the polyp-colony, becoming a so-called medusoid gonophore, or bearer of the reproductive organs, and losing gradually all organs necessary for an independent existence, namely those of sense, locomotion and nutrition.
goof	While Bullseye has a certain twisted gallows humor, Foggy is a goof who realizes that he's a goof.
goody	Whoever wins the contest scores a fun-filled goody bag.
goodman	On the 19th of October 1741 he made his appearance at Goodman's Fields as Richard III.
goon	Sure beats hiring a goon to break your opponent's knees.
goo	Among the towns around Cripple Creek in the same mining district is Victor, pop. (I goo) 4986, incorporated in 1894, chartered as a city in 1898.
goose	Claire thinks I'm a silly goose about it.
gooey	It's best not to eat some foods, like things that are too gooey or too hard.
goofy	She recalled how a demon in Kris's castle had taken on Ully's appearance, down to his goofy grin.
googly	Add two googly eyes in front to complete the face.
gopher	The gopher is a resident of the dry plains.
gop	Running the gop machines royal caribbean explorer of the sea discotheques elevators.
gorgeous	She was gorgeous in the moonlight, and desire stirred his blood.
goods	They need markets to sell goods in and stable currencies.
gooseberry	I have one gooseberry bush; 3 mongrels, thought by some to grow currants.
goral	Next come the Rupicaprinae, which include several genera of mountain-dwelling ruminants, typified by the European chamois (Rupicapra); the other genera being the Asiatic serow, goral and takin, and the North American Rocky Mountain goat.
gorgeously	He is gorgeously clothed and carries shining weapons.
gorgon	He died from the bite of a serpent which sprang from the blood of the Gorgon Medusa.
gorilla	The gorilla in the room was finally introduced by Molly.
gorget	Seen in front, its white face, striped with black, and broad black gorget attract attention as it sits, often motionless, on the rocks; while in flight the white of the lower part of the back and white band across the wings are no less conspicuous even at a distance.
gore	She awoke in a sweat, the blurred scenes of gore and screams of dying from her dreams fading.
gorgonian	Large grouper and snapper tend to hang out in the crack among black coral and deep water gorgonian.
gorge	Up the gorge, there were no climbers tacked to the icy walls.
gormless	Julie Kent tried to be sweet and innocent but succeeded only in looking gormless.
gorgonzola	She had prepared tenderloin tips gorgonzola over pasta.
gorse	Like the Gorse and a few other shrubs of the Pea family, they delight in a dry, sandy soil, and when in flower, which is during several weeks in late summer and in autumn, they are pretty, their foliage being light and elegant.
gosh	Oh my gosh, it's so late.
gosling	British actor Marcus Patric was born Patrick Henry Gosling in Portsmouth, Hampshire, England on August 17, 1979.
gory	As she bent to tie her shoes, a gory vision made her stagger.
gossip	Neither would ever question nor gossip about their bosses.
gossamer	The shape of fairy wings vary from a moth's wings to a butterfly to gossamer bird -like wings that flare upwards.
goshawk	A juvenile Gabar goshawk came hurtling past one of the vehicles to perch on top of an acacia.
gossipy	The only thing I'm attracted to is his job offer - and the idea of getting out of this gossipy little town.
gotham	Call of Duty 2 sold out, as did Project Gotham Racing.
gouache	Students should have some basic ability in observational drawing skills and painting, but no previous experience of using gouache is required.
goth	She sat, taking in the Goth décor that made the study as welcoming as a graveyard.
gourd	Drums, gourd and bamboo flutes,and a kind of guitar, were known before Cook's day.
gourmet	Dean returned to his gourmet preparations.
gouda	Foreign editions were published in Italian at Verona in 1623, in Latin at Leiden in 1626 and 1628, and in Dutch at Gouda in 1626.
gourmand	From fresh, locally grown produce to quality cuts of meat, there are numerous choices for the gourmand to get exactly what he needs.
gospel	His gospel of understanding had proved effective both in domestic and foreign politics.
goulash	Non-smoking dining room upstairs, with homecooked selection including local sausages, beef goulash and lots of side dishes.
gouge	The tools employed are chisel, gouge and mallet.
government	We have no control over what the government does.
gouty	It has an extraordinary power over the pain of acute gout; it lessens the severity and frequency of the attacks when given continuously between them, and it markedly controls such symptoms of gout as eczema, bronchitis and neuritis, whilst it is entirely inoperative against these conditions when they are not of gouty origin.
governess	After dinner Speranski's daughter and her governess rose.
governance	The strong governance set up by Henry II.
govern	Money shouldn't govern your decision.
gout	Guillaume Courtois died of gout on the 15th of June 1679.
gown	She's in a night gown, in bed.
gpo	One way to do this is to copy the lockdown [GPO] and edit the copy to produce the new set of restrictions.
grab	Go grab some food.
governorship	Soon after his return Gallus died (before the spring of 67), and was succeeded in the governorship by Licinius Mucianus, the prosecution of the war being entrusted to Vespasian.
grabber	You simple choose a comparison site, such as Price Grabber, Yahoo Shopping, Shopping.com or Nextag, search for girls dresses, then wait for the results.
grace	After grace, they all started passing food.
governmental	The early Finlanders do not seem to have had any governmental organization, but to have lived in separate communities and villages independent of each other.
gp	You have the right to ask for medical advice from a GP at any time.
governing	Phocas proved entirely incapable of governing the empire.
graben	The most striking feature in the structure of Syria is the existence of long Graben, or narrow depressions formed by faulting.
governor	The governor was much pleased with this answer.
gothic	The cross, in Decorated Gothic, stands beside the town hall.
graceless	But their importunity made a hermitage in Paris impossible; a graceless friend even surprised the philosopher in bed at eleven in the morning meditating and taking notes.
gracefully	He gracefully swung her around.
gracefulness	The literary tact which is so remarkable in the extant speeches is that of a singularly flexible intelligence, always obedient to an instinct of gracefulness.
graceful	With slow graceful steps, he pulled her into dance.
grade	I don't know how you keep such a high grade average.
gradation	The physical properties of the alcohols exhibit a gradation with the increase of molecular weight.
graciously	He smiled graciously as he greeted Judge Riley and his wife.
gradient	The maximum gradient possible depends on climatic conditions, a dry climate being the most favourable.
gracious	He was gracious and gentle with the old woman.
grader	She's now a happy, well adjusted sixth grader.
grad	Other grad says she will buy an anorak for me.
graded	As a rule the mountain slopes are well graded and subdued, but a few are steep and some are rocky and precipitous.
gradually	Weeks slipped by and her body gradually healed.
graduate	I graduate next month, so I'll let her know with an invitation.
gradualism	Under pressure from its rank and file, its strategy of reformist gradualism was being replaced by calls for revolution.
grading	A peculiar industry is the grading, roasting, cleaning and shelling of peanuts.
graf	Graf also wrote, Der Segen Moses Deut.
graft	This species is frequently used as a stock on which to graft other Cacti.
graffiti	Graffiti of pilgrims to the shrine of Isis are dated as late as the end of the 5th century A.D.
gradual	In this gradual way every practical advantage on the part of the patricians was taken away.
graining	Perhaps the choicest variety is gold graining in a shakudo field.
grafting	Great confusion prevailed in the first years of American dominion owing to the diversities of languages and the grafting of such Anglo-Saxon institutions as the jury upon the older system.
grainy	His voice was as grainy as hers.
gram	Gram laid the foundation of critical history in Denmark.
grail	This was the Holy Grail for a spy!
grama	The grama, buffalo and bunch varieties cure on the stem, and furnish throughout the winter an excellent ranging food.
gramercy	The Urban Oxide Gramercy Bag is made to be carried flat across the front of your body comfortably by adjusting the shoulder strap made of nylon webbing.
grammar	There are a grammar school, a free school and a number of charities.
graduation	After graduation he began the study of law in his native town.
graminivorous	Wild animals and tame, carnivorous and graminivorous, insects, birds, fishes and man are adapted to each other.
grammatically	The dialects of Micronesia, though grammatically alike, differ widely in their vocabularies.
grammarian	The tradition was continued in the 4th century by Nonius Marcellus and C. Marius Victorinus, both Africans; Aelius Donatus, the grammarian and commentator on Terence and Virgil, Flavius Sosipater Charisius and Diomedes, and Servius, the author of a valuable commentary on Virgil.
grains	Starch grains may often be seen in contact with the pigment crystals.
gramme	The volume of a gramme of water also depends on temperature and pressure.
grammatical	It is confirmed by grammatical considerations.
grand	I had grand plans to build and run a large-scale horse ranch.
gramophone	From 1903 to1910, as gramophone records were beginning to be released, over a third of them were tango music.
granadilla	The giant granadilla is considerably larger than the passion fruit, weighing up to 5 kg.
gran	From this centre Spanish adventurers pushed east to La Guayra, beyond the Parana, and west into the Gran Chaco; and before long vast numbers of the less warlike natives were reduced to serfdom.
grandeur	I liked the simple, wild grandeur of the palisades.
grandad	In constant loving memory of a dearly loved and missed dad, grandad and great-grandad.
grandchild	Don't take his grandchild away without giving him a chance.
granary	There is an immense granary and a wool warehouse with capacity for 40,000 bales.
granddaughter	Destiny wasn't her only granddaughter, but all of the others were in their teens.
grain	He always eats the grain I leave for him.
granddad	I remember seeing some pictures of Granddad on an old rake like that.
grandee	His son Paul, called the duc de Beauvillier, was several times ambassador to England; he became' chief of the council of finance in 1685, governor of the dukes of Burgundy, Anjou and Berri from 1689 to 1693, minister of state in 1691, and grandee of Spain in 1701.
grandiose	We embarked on these car projects with grandiose visions, many as unrealistic as they were ingenious.
grandly	The drapery is grandly composed.
grandma	I never met Grandma and Grandpa Barret.
grandiosity	Since, however, other Greek temples had colonnades hardly less high, and were of equal or greater area, it has been suggested that the Ephesian temple had some distinct element of grandiosity, no longer known to us - perhaps a lofty sculptured parapet or some imposing form of podium.
grandpa	Grandpa Pulock had red hair!
grandsire	In fact, Brahma, having performed his legitimate part in the mundane evolution by his original creation of the universe, has retired into the background, being, as it were, looked upon as functus officio, like a venerable figure of a former generation, whence in epic poetry he is commonly styled pitamaha, the grandsire.
grandmother	Grandmother is going to make me two new dresses.
granger	Railway legislation first assumed importance in connection with the Granger Movement in the middle west.
grandstand	The new main grandstand is about 1km down this road.
grange	The gardens of the Grange here are celebrated for their beauty.
grandparents	He's visiting our grandparents.
grandfather	Her grandfather knew my father a long time ago.
granitoid	Most of tie Archean rocks fall into one or the other of two great series, a schistose series and a granitoid series, the latter being in large part intrusive in the former.
granitic	Similar granitic intrusions occurred in New South Wales and Queensland, and built up a mountain chain, which ran north and south across the continent; its worn-down stumps now form the east Australian highlands.
grant	Then I will grant you a favor.
granted	I don't want to take you for granted, anyway.
grandson	His death gave rise to an Abyssinian war of succession between Mangash, natural son of John, and Menelek, grandson of the Negus Sella-Sellassi.
grantor	Assets held in the trust do not have to be probated after the grantor's death.
granny	Granny made her outfit from pink spotted chiffon and net over a white bodice.
grantee	Military service and the paying of the feudal taxesaids, reliefs, &care incidents of the bargain between the crown and the grantee to whom land has been given.
granulating	By continuing the treatment of these in the ordinary way of refining, poling and granulating, all the foreign matters other than gold, copper and silver are removed, and, by exposing the granulated metal to a high oxidizing heat for a considerable time the copper may be completely oxidized while the precious metals are unaltered.
granular	If the tin is pure it splits into a mass of granular strings.
granulation	Commercial processors often solve this problem using a heat process called granulation which can degrade nutrients.
granule	Centrosome.The centrosome is a minute homogeneous granule found in the cytoplasm of some cells in the neighborhood of the nucleus.
granite	Other important granite quarries are near Williamstown, Dummerston, Berlin and Woodbury.
granulated	The box was filled nearly, but not quite full, of granulated hard carbon.
grape	Was it actually a grape, or some poisonous berry?
granulocyte	In most cases, 1 or more female donors had positive HLA and/or granulocyte antibodies.
graph	Elements of the graph are shown from an axis through 0 and at right angles to OX.
granulite	For the commoner grades of dark-coloured bottles the glass mixture is cheapened by substituting common salt for part of the sulphate of soda, and by the addition of felspar, granite, granulite, furnace slag and other substances fusible at a high temperature.
graphic	A graphic account of this is given in Livingstone's travels.
graphics	The science of graphics is closely related to that of mensuration.
graphing	Find worksheets for telling time, measurement, graphing and much more.
granuloma	This rapidly growing, pedunculated lesion is a pyogenic granuloma.
grapefruit	Red or pink grapefruit is higher in vitamin C than white grapefruit.
graphically	The View Mother Wavelet option can be used to select the wavelet and set its properties graphically.
graphitic	Again, if more than 2% of carbon is present, it passes readily into the state of pure graphitic carbon, which, in itself soft and weak, weakens and embrittles the metal as any foreign body would, by breaking up its continuity.
graphical	Class sets of graphical calculators are available on both sites.
grasp	It is important to grasp clearly the distinction between breeds.
grapple	Here we have to deal with a transformation with which we can grapple, and which can be controlled for our purposes.
graphite	The massive graphite is very easily machined and is widely used for electrodes, dynamo brushes, lead pencils and the like.
graptolite	A typical graptolite consists of an axis bearing a series of tooth-like projections, like a saw.
grass	She made grass grow.
grasshopper	I've known Brandon since he was knee-high to a grasshopper.
grapnel	Using these buoys to guide the direction of tow, a grapnel, a species of fivepronged anchor, attached to a strong compound rope formed of strands of steel and manila, is lowered to the bottom and dragged at a slow speed, as it were ploughing a furrow in the sea bottom, in a line at right angles to the cable route, until the behaviour of the dynamometer shows that the cable is hooked.
grasping	Instead, she stretched for the laser gun, grasping it.
grateful	I would be grateful to hear from anyone who may be able to help.
grassland	A hawk made a wide swing across the grassland and then suddenly dived, jerking up at the last second, its great wings straining as it pumped back into the air with added weight.
grassroots	We believe it is important to take a grassroots approach to being green and encouraging and educating your neighbors to get involved.
grappling	He paused, grappling with the truth.
gratefully	I accepted gratefully and asked him if there was any news on the camper.
grater	Grate your soap with a kitchen grater and place the shavings into a blender.
gratify	But Charles owed a grudge against Holland, and he was determined to gratify it.
gratifying	It is gratifying my dear, that you are sufficiently astute to recognize my skill and superiority.
gratitude	You have our undying gratitude for your donation!
gratin	Have the beef bourguignon, and pay extra for a side order of potatoes au gratin.
grassy	A grassy road between banks io to 12 ft.
grate	Scale be removed by falling through a grate, like ordinary coal-ashes.
gratis	Printed brochures, gratis from Myrtle Somebody whose brother-in-law was a printer, were placed about town by tiny Tonya, an eight-year-old Latina waif hired by Fred for five bucks.
gratification	During this fast they abstain from the gratification of every appetite and passion whatever.
gravel	Boots crunched on gravel behind her.
gratuitously	The school committee (who serve gratuitously) appoint the superintendent and supervisors of schools.
gratuity	He received a small gratuity for his service.
gravely	She could almost hear his gravely voice...
gratuitous	The sentence was executed with gratuitous harshness.
gravelly	His voice was gravelly from lack of use, and his arms and legs felt heavy as he tested them.
gravestone	Here is the gravestone of the wife of Dr Johnson.
grating	The heavy door opened with a grating sound.
graver	Still graver was the effect upon the regular army.
gravitate	If you have time, watch the shoppers and see what they gravitate towards or tend to like.
gravimetric	These methods have been purely chemical (either gravimetric or volumetric), physical (determinations of the density of nitrogen, nitric oxide, &c.) or physicochemical.
gravitas	His role lent a needed air of gravitas to the medical drama.
graveyard	The graveyard was probably the cemetery of Hammath.
graving	There are two graving docks.
gravitational	The crowning trophies of gravitational astronomy in the r8th century were Laplace's explanations of the great inequality .
grave	We realized very quickly we had made a grave mistake, and I don't even like to think about it.
gravy	She poured gravy over her mashed potatoes.
gravitation	The question whether this cause modifies gravitation admits of an easy test from observation.
graze	Kirghiz graze the slopes of the Tianshan.
grayling	The Teme abounds in trout and grayling, and Tenbury is in favour with anglers.
grazier	The grazier buys and sells cattle much less frequently than the butcher buys them, so that the latter is naturally more skilled in estimating the weight of a beast through the use of the eye and the hand.
grazer	The grazer tends to get quickly re-infected with the dominant standard meme for the given territory.
greaser	We had some difficulty filling the greaser; we both had a go.
grazing	The bison were grazing all around the pond.
greased	The cushions were greased and the amalgam in a state of powder spread over them.
great	You're doing a great job.
greasing	And yet the greasing may be so slight that camphor fragments move with apparently unabated vigour.
greatest	You're not exactly the greatest protector!
greatly	He was greatly depressed.
gravity	Gravity is what keeps everything from floating around.
grease	The foul smelling grease turned her stomach.
greatcoat	He wore a flat gray cloth cap, a dingy wool-colored greatcoat, and cowhide boots.
gray	He squinted down at her in the dim light, his gray eyes smoldering with unmasked anger.
greed	Ethics have gone out the door and greed is in.
greaves	The common soldiers went into battle brilliant in savage war-paint, but those of higher rank had helmets like birds and beasts of prey, armour of gold and silver, wooden greaves, and especially the ichcapilli, the quilted cotton tunic two fingers thick, so serviceable as a protection from arrows that the Spanish invaders were glad to adopt it.
grebe	A striking water bird that is seen on all the ponds all year round is the great crested grebe.
grecian	The world was henceforth viewed as a very large place stretching far on every side beyond the Midland or Mediterranean Sea, and the land journey of Alexander resulted in a voyage of discovery in the outer ocean from the mouth of the Indus to that of the Tigris, thus opening direct intercourse between Grecian and Hindu civilization.
greatness	The boy was meant for greatness-- and darkness.
greedy	Was it greedy to want one of their own as well?
greasy	The diamond has also a somewhat greasy feel.
green	A large green book caught her attention.
greedily	He had none, but looked so unhappily and greedily at the others while they were eating!
greenback	As presidential nominee of the Greenback and Anti-Monopolist parties, he polled 175,370 votes in 1884, when he had bitterly opposed the nomination by the Democratic party of Grover Cleveland, to defeat whom he tried to throw his own votes in Massachusetts and New York to the Republican candidate.
greediness	I think that punishment by depriving children of sweets only develops their greediness.
greenfly	Those that I have had, usually greenfly, I have cured using a soft soap spray.
greater	Whatever you think, it's for the greater good.
greenery	I imagined the graveyard that day, full of dense greenery.
greenfinch	Some of these relatives lead almost insensibly to the greenfinch (ut supra) and its allies, others to the goldfinch (ut supra), the redpolls and so on.
greener	The female of the more common Short-winged Cone-head is greener, fatter and has an upcurved ovipositor and shorter wings!
greengrocer	But it lacks important core shops and services, such as baker, butcher, specialist greengrocer, hardware store and bank.
greenhorn	He was no greenhorn, but what was he doing in the desert?
greening	I started greening my job straight away; I did my postal round by bike.
greenland	Along the west coast of Greenland the mountains are generally not quite so high, but even here peaks of 5000 and 6000 ft.
greenish	The dark base of the mountainous thunderheads had a greenish tinge.
greensand	Amber and certain similar substances are found to a limited extent at several localities in the United States, as in the greensand of New Jersey, but they have little or no economic value.
greenness	Those plants of whose greenness withered we make herb tea for the sick serve but a humble use, and are most employed by quacks.
greenstone	The rocks of its lower half are mainly granite and gneiss; its upper half is composed of porphyritic greenstone, and a variety of minerals occur.
greet	I thought you might wish to greet her.
greenwood	But of organized churches we can trace none in England, until we come in 1586 to Greenwood and Barrow, the men whose devotion to a cause in which they felt the imperative call of God seems to have rallied into church-fellowship the Separatists in London, whether those of Fytz's day or those later convinced by the failure of the Puritan efforts at reform and by the writings of Browne.
gregarious	Dolphins are gregarious, and large herds often follow ships.
greensward	The forest scenery much resembles that of England, with fine oaks and greensward.
gremlin	This high quality gremlin Gizmo plush doll will dance and sing whenever you clap your hands.
greeter	The greeter usually reassures the person and calms any fears.
grew	They all grew silent.
greenhouse	Many other species from different parts of the world are known in greenhouse cultivation.
grenade	They threw in a grenade last time.
grenadier	He placed himself at the disposal of the military authorities and was sent to France as a major in the Grenadier Guards.
greek	Even Greek can be embossed in it, as you know.
grenadine	New Yorker 6cl bourbon 3cl fresh lemon juice dash grenadine Pour all ingredients into a shaker filled with ice.
greeting	My sleepy greeting was met by a shout.
greyhound	The lurcher is a dog with the general shape of a greyhound, but with a heavier body, larger ears and rougher coat.
greyish	The thin greyish bark is usually removed.
grief	To the grief of his mother he left the Roman church.
gridlock	How are we to avoid gridlock becoming common place in our major metropolitan areas?
gridiron	The railway map of the state thus has roughly the appearance of a gridiron.
griddle	If using the oven, preheat a griddle pan until hot.
grievance	Nick could raise a grievance about the way he has been treated.
grid	I'll take the plunge and go off grid, I can do that stuff.
grievous	No war was ever more grievous to freedom and civilization.
grey	A large grey cat was asleep on a rocking chair.
griff	It all started 12 years ago when Griff arrived in Plymouth and met up with musically like-minded Pete via the Uni's Entertainments Officer.
griffon	The griffon and the black vulture are also frequently seen.
griffin	The Order of the Griffin, founded in 1884 by Frederick Francis III.
grieve	Quite young, I grieve to say; and all of my brothers and sisters that you see here are practically my own age.
grim	Brady and Elise exchanged a grim look.
grievously	But Elizabeth's ambition was grievously disappointed.
grime	Always clean off any dirt, grime, or chemicals promptly.
griller	If you find conventional grilling a challenge to cook food evenly, then this model will be sure to make you a perfect griller.
grille	Instead, he has been forced to fit a metal grille which has failed to deter vandals.
grind	She thought she heard him grind his teeth and frowned.
grimness	Brady asked, alarmed by the grimness of Dan's voice.
grimace	His grimace produced a chuckle from Sarah.
grimy	Her head hurt, and she felt grimy from the night sweats.
grin	His grin was infectious.
grimly	Grimly, he realized he wouldn't be catching a nap for some time.
grill	Alex and Jonathan planned to grill steaks for lunch.
grilled	Martha prepared grilled cheese sandwiches for our lunch.
gripping	Confused, she concentrated on gripping the phone.
grindstone	We've all been keeping our noses too close to the grindstone.
grippe	Usually referred to as the flu or grippe, influenza is a highly infectious respiratory disease.
gripe	My only gripe with the space battles is that there is no training at all to prepare you for it.
grippy	Graham - soft and big, quite peppery, long, even grippy if one can say that on a soft wine.
gripper	For example, there are the drop-bar, the web and the gripper methods of feeding these presses.
grinder	I used an angle grinder to dress the edges.
grinding	A grinding noise jerked her attention back to the car.
gristle	If necessary, trim the tenderloin of any excess fat or gristle.
grit	Some coals occur in the Millstone Grit horizons.
grisly	Lydia staggered to her feet and joined them, leaving the grisly sight behind.
grip	He tightened his grip slightly.
gritty	They require warm sunny spots and rich gritty soil.
griqua	The town is named after the Griqua chief Adam Kok, who founded it in 1869.
grist	It has flour and grist mills (the products of which ranked first in value among the city's manufactures in 1905), wholesale slaughtering and meat-packing establishments, cooperage works, railway repair shops, cotton compresses, lumber yards, salt works, and manufactories of cotton-seed oil and cake, boots and shoes and cotton and agricultural machinery.
gritstone	Of Derbyshire Gritstone neither sex has horns.
groan	Sarah let out a groan and started eating.
groaning	The wind blew the entire night, creaking and groaning about the old building in a mournful dirge.
grizzle	The body is formed by yellow dyed grizzle hackle palmered down the shank and then trimmed to shape.
groceries	With the groceries all put up, she started supper.
grits	Where a thick group of coarse hard grits intercalated in the sedimentary rocks crops out it rises into a chain of lofty rugged hills, of which Ben Ledi and Ben Vorlich are examples.
grizzled	Seeing the look on his face, the grizzled warrior's voice grew fatherly.
grizzly	Grizzly, black and cinnamon bears are found in the mountains and wooded districts.
grocer	The shop on the right is a family grocer.
grog	We'll sip grog and sing sea chanteys to celebrate his seventh birthday.
groat	From 1279 there was a new coinage which included the first groat or fourpence.
grogginess	She assumed it was morning in her grogginess until a squinted peek at their clock showed two AM.
groats	If they buy a drink, the price is deducted from their hoard of imperial groats.
groggily	A soft knock awoke her, and she blinked groggily.
groined	It contains five churches, one of which (St Nicholas), built in 1446-88, is a good example of the late Gothic style as developed in Saxony, with its spacious proportions, groined vaulting, and bare simple pillars.
groggy	The phone rang more than a dozen times before a man with groggy voice answered.
grommet	Unlike a pinch pleat drapery, the grommet drapes continue the pleat all the way to the top of the drapery hem.
groin	He raised a hand to block, but she kicked him in the groin, and then in the neck.
groomer	Coat Length Medium/Long grooming Requirement Once a week Trimming None Requires Professional Groomer Grooming Cavaliers should be groomed thoroughly once a week.
grooving	While some clubs cater to specific genres of dancing, such as country line dancing or salsa dancing, the traditional club scene in America, as well as any bar that has a dance floor and loud music, entails simply grooving to the music.
groomsman	Not only were the bride and groom nervous, I was anxious because I had to partner with a groomsman with whom I'd broken up a week before after a two-year relationship.
grope	He continued to grope his way forward until the first turn in the tunnel closed off what little light spilled in from the entrance.
groovy	Never the less, the room did quieten down to catch the groovy lyrics.
grooved	The softened slices are now repeatedly passed between grooved rollers, known FIG.
grosbeak	The cardinal grosbeak, or Virginian nightingale, Cardinalis virginianus, claims notice here, though doubts may be entertained as to the family to which it really belongs.
grosgrain	It has lace inset handles which measure 18 inches long and is decorated with black grosgrain ribbon.
grossness	It is difficult to allow the appositeness of this special illustration; on the other hand, Ford has even in this case shown his art of depicting sensual passion without grossness of expression; for the exception in Annabella's language to Soranzo seems to have a special intention, and is true to the pressure of the situation and the revulsion produced by it in a naturally weak and yielding mind.
grossly	Because if he is, he's either grossly mistaken, a damned liar or setting me up!
grosser	It is evident that the normal blue is more or less diluted with extraneous white light, having its origin in reflections from the grosser particles of foreign matter with which the air is usually charged.
groove	The width of the groove cut is from 2 to 3 in.
grotesquely	The sentence was grotesquely legal and unjust.
grotesqueness	Macaulay, it must be noted, exaggerated persistently the poverty of Johnson's pedigree, the squalor of his early married life, the grotesqueness of his entourage in Fleet Street, the decline and fall from complete virtue of Mrs Thrale, the novelty and success of the Dictionary, the complete failure of the Shakespeare and the political tracts.
grotesque	It was something grotesque, but definitely not a skeleton.
grottoes	Subsequently, artificial took the place of natural grottoes.
grouch	A restless night made her a morning grouch.
grocery	I've seen her grocery list.
grotto	The grotto itself, which is about 150 ft.
grouchy	I'm just in a grouchy mood this morning.
grotty	I think the surrounding area looked a bit grotty in the dark and could be better lit.
gross	The gross revenue of all the states is estimated at 24 millions sterling.
groundless	But, still clinging to the groundless belief, for which British statesmen had, of late at least, afforded Turkey no justification, that Great Britain at all events would support him, he obstinately refused to give ear to the pressing requests of the Powers that the necessary reforms should be instituted.
grounded	Darian's grounded 'til further notice.
groom	The mother of the groom deserves to look her best.
grounding	Nor were the new ships a great success, as we hear of them grounding in action and foundering in a storm.
groundsheet	The inner tent is breathable polyester with a polyethylene bathtub inner groundsheet and the groundsheet for the porch (also polyethylene) is attached.
groundwork	It also helps them develop the learning skills that lay the groundwork for success.
groupie	Or maybe I will just have to become a groupie!
ground	Jule lay on the ground a short distance away.
grouper	Other fish taken include the sheepshead, drum, grouper, striped bass and croaker.
grovel	I want someone who can contribute intelligent conversation, not grovel at my feet.
grouse	The blue grouse and partridge are the principal game birds.
grout	The grout, which he mentions as coming over to us in Holland ships, about which he desires information, was probably the same as shelled barley; and mills for manufacturing it were introduced into Scotland from Holland towards the beginning of the 18th century.
grouped	The Jewish parishes, called synagogues, are grouped into departmental consistories (Paris, Bordeaux, Nancy, Marseilles, Bayonne, Lille, Vesoul, Besancon and three in Algeria).
group	He stopped, watching a group of freight wagons.
grouping	Piper and Ficus, since the number of cosmopolitan or very widely distributed species is comparatively few, a geographical grouping is found specially convenient by those who are constantly receiving parcels of plants from known foreign sources.
grove	The grove is situate about 3 m.
grown	She had grown soft in five years of city life.
growth	Two parties had developed with the growth of the Church.
grovelling	With astonishing, and indeed misplaced, magnanimity, Richard pardoned his brother, when he made a grovelling submission, and restored him to his lordship of Ireland and to a great part of his English lands.
grower	Caird expressed the opinion that the cost of carriage from abroad would always protect the British grower, the average all-rail freight from Chicago to New York was 17.76 cents, while the summer rate (partly by water) was 13.17 cents.
growl	His growl turned to a purr.
grub	I need to grab some grub, too.
grubber	The land, having been ploughed in autumn, is prepared for sowing by working it with the grubber, harrow and roller, until a fine tilth is obtained.
grubby	He reached for her with a grubby hand, looked at it, and dropped it.
grudging	The test of their abilities is not a career-long wait for grudging acceptance.
grudge	We do not grudge them anything.
grudgingly	Dusty grudgingly faced off against Sofi once more.
gruff	Hilden's gruff voice was gentle.
gruel	So this gruel isn't to your taste?
growing	My darling little sister is growing very fast.
gruffly	A deep masculine voice commanded so gruffly that she jumped.
grumble	She sighed at the low grumble.
gruesome	When he opened his eyes, he found a gruesome sight awaiting him.
grow	They all grow up.
grumpy	He'd been in a grumpy mood since he got up.
grump	I didn't mean to be such a grump.
grunt	We'll do all the grunt work.
gryphon	It is distinguishable from the gryphon only by the absence of wings.
guarantee	There was no guarantee Gabriel wanted her, but she'd have a chance.
guaiacum	Among the large trees which are valued for their timber are redwood (Humiria balsamifera), Brazil-wood, algarrobo, palo de cruz (Jacquinea ruscifolia), guaiacum or holy wood, rosewood, cedar and walnut.
guanine	The enzyme is modulated by adenine and guanine nucleotides, although it is difficult to make much sense of the observed effects.
guacharo	One species, the guacharo (Steatornis caripensis), or oil-bird, is commonly said to occur only in Venezuela, though it is found in Colombia and Ecuador also.
guard	I heard you were a guard at Cañon City.
gt	Because of the unique motion sensitive controls on the Nintendo Wii, you can get a pretty realistic driving experience by holding the Wii Remote sideways in racing games like Excite Truck, GT Pro Series, and Need for Speed Carbon.
guarantor	Personal guarantees were often given that the debtor would repay or the guarantor become liable himself.
guardhouse	Anyway, he expired two days later in the guardhouse of the citadel of St Petersburg, two days after the senate had condemned him to death for imagining rebellion against his father, and for hoping for the co-operation of the common people and the armed intervention of his brother-in-law, the emperor.
guardedness	Brady assessed him, not sure what to think of the sudden guardedness to Tim's face.
guaranty	The unique feature of the banking system (with amendments adopted by the second legislature becoming effective on the 11th of June 1909) is a fund for the guaranty of deposits.
guava	Among the more common fruit-trees, some of which are exotics, may be mentioned cacao (Theobroma), orange, lemon, lime, pine-apple, banana, guava (Psidium), breadfruit (Artocarpus), cashew (A nacardium), alligator pear (Pers ea), with the apple, peach, pear, and other fruits of the temperate zone on the elevated plateaus.
guano	The guano beds are found on the barren islands of the Guano.
guardianship	He had further anxieties in the guardianship of his nephew.
guardsman	The guardsman drew a sword.
guardsmen	He couldn't help hoping he saw this strange, new mortal world again, and the rumors spreading throughout the ranks of guardsmen were just that—rumors.
guarded	She seemed much less guarded than when they met.
guerrilla	In the Boer War of1899-1902Winburg was one of the Boer centres in the guerrilla fighting which followed the fall of Pretoria.
guess	I guess that's a good question.
gudgeon	I fished on, catching a few more gudgeon.
gubernatorial	It was carried by the Democrats in the gubernatorial campaign of 1910.
guesstimate	I 'd guesstimate the photo to be from the 1920s.
guffaw	Stolypin gave a deep bass guffaw as he munched a piece of bread and cheese.
guerilla	Bruce is said to have proposed retreat and a guerilla war, but his council were for fighting.
guff	Do n't fob your friends off with a guff gift!
guidance	They need all the help and guidance they can get.
guide	Of course, I cannot guide the boat very well.
gui	Windows XP has what is called a Graphical User Interface, or GUI (pronounced gooey ).
guardian	We'll assign her a Guardian and bring her in.
guild	We have a member of the healing guild on staff, but her skill wasn't old enough for you.
guilder	The Dutch guilder fell against the pound by about the same amount (from 3.1 to 3.6 ).
guideline	Some couples may choose to follow this cost guideline, but in the end a couple should be comfortable with the amount they choose to spend regardless of how many or how few paychecks are needed to pay for the ring.
guileless	The guileless peasant set down his buckets and considered his alternatives.
guile	You might have to use considerable guile to find out what's going on.
guillotine	She was condemned to death by guillotine on the 8th of December 1793, and beheaded the same evening.
guilloche	On the pseudo- plinth is a simple, two-stranded guilloche.
guiding	She drove fast with Traci's directions guiding her.
guilty	The men are as guilty as she is.
guillemot	The eider-duck, guillemot and other sea-birds are in some parts valuable for food in winter, and so is the ptarmigan.
guiltless	Yet he felt guiltless, breaking the promises he had made himself.
guinness	However adverse influences may have been combated, Dublin yet produces little for export save whisky and porter, the latter from the famous Guinness brewery and others; but a considerable export trade, principally in agricultural produce, passes through Dublin from the country.
guest	He was only a guest until they reached Ashley.
guilt	She wasn't about to live with the guilt of hurting yet a third person she cared about.
guise	In this guise he passed into European worship in the 3rd and 4th centuries A.D.
guards	School crossing guards offer better protec­tion.
gulch	It's up the gulch, you say?
gujarati	To this day their vernacular language is Gujarati, which they have cultivated in literature and journalism.
guinea	Three species are inhabitants of New Guinea and the fourth is found in North Queensland.
guitarist	Part of the band 's ' A Bigger Bang ' world tour has been rescheduled to allow the guitarist time to recover.
gules	Per pale argent and sable, two bars per pale gules and of the first, in chief three pierced cinquefoils ermine.
gulden	The additional revenue gained by the Crown from Masovia was at first but 14,000 gulden per annum.
gullible	Just how gullible do you think I am?
gullet	The gullet is short, except in the Apoda.
guitar	She rose, put down the guitar, and went to the drawing room.
gull	She thought the sea gull would not help her.
gullibility	Gullibility Fuller now is interested in seeking to refute the idea that people 2000 years ago were not gullible.
gulp	She finished the remaining half of her drink in one gulp.
gumbo	In various parts of the west are small tracts of so-called gumbo soil; they are due to the Pierre shale, are poorly drained and characteristically alkaline.
gummer	Because Gummer and his fellow parliamentarians have made up their minds that fiddles are out.
gully	The gully shimmered in heat waves.
gumption	I want to put a little gumption into what we do!
gummy	Gabriel handed her the food and water gummy cubes she'd first had in Hell.
gulf	Favoured by its proximity to two great waterways and by its two ports, Nisaea on the Saronic and Pegae on the Corinthian Gulf, Megara took a prominent part in the commercial expansion of Greece from the 8th century onwards, and for two hundred years enjoyed prosperity out of proportion to the slight resources of its narrow territory.
gunfight	The gunfight gave another burst of life before winding down.
gunned	All three were gunned down.
gunboat	A gunboat for preventive service purchased from the British government and commanded by an Englishman, with native petty officers and crew, is employed by the Liberian government.
gunge	I've got tonsils streaming gunge again, which i am trying not to panic about.
gunman	I think the first shot did come from an Ira gunman.
gum	Its chief exports are rubber, gum, coffee and copper.
gunny	Gunny cloth is woven of numerous qualities, according to the purpose to which it is devoted.
gunner	Among them is the cosmopolitan Calanus finmarchicus, the earliest described (by Bishop Gunner in 1770) of all the marine free-swimming Copepoda.
gunnery	Other schools are the school of naval medicine at Bordeaux with annexes at Toulon, Brest and Rochefort; schools of torpedoes and mines and of gunnery at Toulon, &c., &c. The coles dhydro graphic established at various ports are for theoretical training for the higher grades of the merchant service.
gunshot	Almost immediately, the room erupted with a gunshot and both my assailant and I dropped to the floor.
gunpoint	In any case, how would she enforce it – chase him off at gunpoint?
gunning	Having the world's best neurologist on call was one of the perks of the rich and famous, a world unfamiliar to her except that her sister had been gunning for it since her sixteenth birthday.
gunplay	It features awesome gunplay, spectacular martial arts, insane driving, breathtaking stunts and the chance to pilot an incredibly fast hovercraft.
gurgle	I managed to gurgle.
guru	These are largely Nanakpanti Sikhs, or followers only of Guru Nanak.
gurkha	One of the chief questions which awaited him was that of relations with the Gurkha state of Nepal.
gunpowder	Some houses were at once blown up by gunpowder, and thus the fire was finally mastered.
gush	She let out the breath in a gush of air.
guppy	Dr Guppy was fortunate in reaching North Keeling Island, where a landing is only possible during the calmest weather.
gushing	Blood was gushing from its leg as from a spring.
gurnard	Among the fish may be mentioned the tunny, dolphin, mackerel, sardine, sea-bream, dentice and pagnell; wrasse, of exquisite rainbow hue and good for food; members of the herring family, sardines, anchovies, flying-fish, sea-pike; a few representatives of the cod family, and some flat fish; soles (very rare); Cernus which grows to large size; several species of grey and red mullet; eleven species of Triglidae, including the beautiful flying gurnard whose colours rival the angel-fish of the West Indies; and eighteen species of mackerel, all migratory.
gusher	Other attractions include Runoff Rapids, Slush Gusher, Snow Stormers, Summit Plummet, Teamboat Springs and Toboggan Racers.
gunwale	The boat has a high gunwale with a nice step to help you get over the side.
gust	The car rocked slightly with a gust of wind.
gusset	A cotton gusset allows you to wear them as underwear.
gun	I never shot a gun in my life.
gusto	Some dogs do this with great gusto, wagging their tail enthusiastically.
gutless	We really have become too gutless to stop folk doing covers, I feel.
gusty	Still quite gusty, no point in propping the thing up today.
gutsy	Naming your service Gametap is a gutsy move.
gut	Darian moved closer, gut sinking.
guttate	The photo on the left shows small red plaques of guttate psoriasis.
gutter	Morbid curiosity drew her from the gutter to the highway.
guttural	At the end of this piece, she let out a guttural sob.
gymnasium	At nine I go to the gymnasium with the little girls and we have great fun.
gymnast	She was a member of her high school's cheerleading squad and a gymnast for seven years.
gybe	Despite these modest successes, tho, I couldn't make a single carve gybe.
gymkhana	Our role will be to run the gymkhana over the weekend.
gymnastics	She instructed certain of her favourites in gymnastics and athletics, as a useful training for war.
guzzle	Dairy-You won't guzzle whole milk on this diet either.
gymnasia	There are besides in the island 10 gymnasia, 3 lycees, 6 technical and nautical schools and institutes (including a school of mines at Iglesias), and 9 other institutes for various branches of special education.
gymnastic	Of the education of Herodotus no more can be said than that it was thoroughly Greek, and embraced no doubt the three subjects essential to a Greek liberal education - grammar, gymnastic training and music. His studies would be regarded as completed when he attained the age of eighteen, and took rank among the eplzebi or eirenes of his native city.
gymnosperm	The ancient broad-leaved Gymnosperm Gnetum has a few surviving species scattered through the tropics of both worlds, one reaching Polynesia.
gymnospermous	A thorough examination of cycadean seeds has recently been made by Miss Stopes, more particularly with a view to a comparison of their vascular supply with that in Palaeozoic gymnospermous seeds (Flora, 1904).
gymnosperms	Gymnosperms were the highest types of plants.
gynaecology	That certain Fellows of the College of Physicians (especially in gynaecology) have personally taken operative procedures in hand is some good omen that in time the unreal and mischievous schism between medicine and surgery may be bridged over.
gynaeceum	The ovule develops into the seed; and the gynaeceum and even more remote parts of the flower, develop into the fruit.
guy	The guy is smart and does his homework.
gypsum	Some iron ore, gypsum, salt and limestone are also produced.
gypsy	Why carry you off as if you were some gypsy singing girl?...
gym	Dusty rose to pull on his gym clothes.
gyro	For the same reason the gyro compass was not working.
gyration	In the case of an axial moment, the square root of the resulting mean square is called the radius of gyration of the system about the axis in question.
gyre	The main focus of the project is the sub-tropical gyre.
gyroscopic	It is evidently a gyroscopic effect, being reversed in direction by a change from a right to a left-handed twist of rifling, and being increased by an increase of rotation of the shot.
gyroscope	The flying gyroscope has been thrown over 600 feet.
habit	They had a habit of disappearing.
haberdashery	The imports are mainly rice, wheat, cotton goods, wine, coal, hardware and haberdashery, and guano.
gyrus	The subject without psychic ability had activation in a different part of the brain instead, the left inferior frontal gyrus.
habitable	The farthest habitable spot to the south of Nejd is the Wadi Yabrin.
ha	Ha, still living in fairy-tale land, I see.
habitat	Vipera have the same habitat in British waters as certain species of soles.
habitual	Habitual crime is thus to be treated as a disease.
habitation	The same is true of habitation taxes.
habitually	Spurgeon preached habitually at the Tabernacle on Sundays and Thursdays.
habitant	The habitant, placed again under their authority, had less reason to be content.
habitus	In this paper we deploy the concept of institutional habitus in order to explore such influences.
hacienda	On its western side is the famous hacienda (farm) of Antisana, 13,306 ft.
hacker	The only way to stop a hacker is to think like one!
hackneyed	Hackneyed stereotypes are used over and over again.
hack	You're beginning to hack me off.
hackle	They are predominantly white birds with some black barring on the tail and neck hackle.
had	They had two adopted children already.
hackles	Don't get your hackles up.
hackney	The hackney type of the day is a powerfully built, short-legged, big horse, with an intelligent head, neat neck, strong, level back, powerful loins, and as perfect shoulders as can be obtained, good feet, flat-boned legs, and a height of from 15 hands 2 in.
hacking	She took a hacking swing at the grass.
hacksaw	Cut the rest of the thread away which will require a hacksaw and vise.
hades	Hades, the abode of Nin-erisgal or Allat, had been entered by Nergal, who, angered by a message sent to her by the gods of the upper world, ordered Namtar to strike off her head.
haddock	The principal catch is haddock and herring.s.
hadron	We have made the world's first measurement of exclusive c c production at a hadron collider.
hade	The hade of the fault is constantly inwards, towards the centre of the chain, and the older rocks which form the Himalaya proper, have been pushed forward over the later beds of the sub-Himalaya.
haem	But until now the way in which haem iron was taken up in the gut had been unknown.
h	Notwithstanding these however, the great similarities between a and, 3 oblige us to assume that the translator of HR used the Greek version of H a, or vice versa.
haemal	The species included are not, so far as is known, haemal parasites.
hadith	He studied the Koran and its traditions (hadith, sunna) there and on a student journey through Mesopotamia, Arabia and Syria.
hadronic	The hadronic calorimeter measures the energy carried by hadrons entering each of its segments (see figure ).
haematin	Haemoglobin is composed of a basic albumin and an acid substance haematin; it combines readily with oxygen, carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide to form loose compounds.
haematite	The quality of ore in the two ranges differs somewhat, that mined from the Vermilion Range being a hard specular or red haematite, while that taken from the Mesabi Range, largely red haematite, is much softer and in many localities quite finely comminuted.
haematuria	In Egypt 30% of the natives are affected by haematuria which arises from congestion of the bladder consequent upon the attacks of this animal.
haemoglobin	The blood is coloured red by haemoglobin in blood corpuscles.
haemorrhage	Kidney haemorrhage and albuminuria is a constant symptom.
haemoptysis	But the same symptoms (haemoptysis) have been seen, though less notably, in many
haemosiderin	The ' haemoglobin may be transformed into haematoidin, a pigment that does not contain iron, or into a pigment which does contain iron, haemosiderin.
haemorrhagic	On the second image, a haemorrhagic contusion is seen in the cerebellum.
hag	We think of an old, wrinkled hag with a nasty wart on her nose.
haemostatic	They are very astringent, haemostatic and sedative; the strong solution of the subacetate is powerfully caustic and is rarely used undiluted.
haggard	His haggard face was yellow.
haft	He spent 88% of this time making the haft, socket and strands.
haggle	You have just as much room to haggle as he does.
haggis	Haggis is often served with mashed potatoes and mashed Swede or turnips.
hagiography	The hagiography of the Eastern and the Greek church also has been the subject of important publications.
hail	I had hail damage to my car as well.
hagiology	If hagiology be considered merely in the sense in which the term has come to be understood in the later stages of its development, i.e.
hair	Long dark lashes and black curly hair - he had it all.
hah	Leopards abound in the Hah valley; deer everywhere, some of them of a very large species.
hailstorm	We were on outpost on a ridge when a terrible hailstorm broke on us.
hairbrush	David's got a hairbrush.
haiku	A haiku is a special type of short poem.
haircloth	As the prisoners, clad in penitential haircloth, were led across the bridge, wanton boys thrust sharp sticks between the planks to wound their feet.
hairiness	The hair is long, black or very dark auburn, wavy and sometimes curly, but never woolly, and the men have luxuriant beards and whiskers, often of an auburn tint, while the whole body inclines to hairiness.
hairdresser	There was a ladies hairdresser upstairs at some time too.
hairdressing	Hairdressing Scissors For the last two years I have changed my method of trimming the masks of my show team.
hairless	The hairless dogs of Central Africa are greyhounds employed chiefly in hunting antelopes, and there are somewhat similar varieties in China, Central and South America.
hake	There are local variations in the use of hake as a name; in America the silver hake (Merluccius bilinearis), sometimes called whiting, and Pacific hake (Merluccius productus) are also food -fishes of inferior quality.
hairpin	Secure the ends under the bun with a hairpin.
haired	You owe Gabriel one, the silver- haired man said.
haitian	Haitian film students were invited to be part of the video production team.
haji	In 1813 the ruthless severity of the governor-general, Haji Osman, who obtained the co-operation of the Christians, broke the power of the janissaries; but after Osman had fallen a victim.
hairstreak	There is also Elm in the hedgerow, which is the food plant of the White Letter hairstreak butterfly that is becoming quite rare.
hairy	Young Indian elephants are hairy, thus showing affinity with the mammoth.
halal	Seafood The Qur'an states that everything from the sea is halal, including carnivores such as sharks.
half	More than half the hungry people in the world live in just these three nations—nations that are all net food exporters.
halcyon	Hence the expression halcyon days, used in ancient and modern times to denote a period of calm and tranquillity.
hakim	The fanaticism of the caliph Hakim destroyed the church of the Sepulchre and ended the Frankish protectorate (Ioio); and the patronage of the Holy Places, a source of strife between the Greek and the Latin Churches as late as the beginning of the Crimean War, passed to the Byzantine empire in 1021.
halibut	The take of halibut is increasing steadily.
hale	His old soldiers, once so hale and spruce, were little more than skeletons.
halfpenny	Before silver coinage was introduced (269 B.C.) the value of the as was about 6d., in the time of Cicero less than a halfpenny.
haliotis	It is absent in the most primitive and symmetrical forms, such as Haliotis and Pleurotomaria.
halite	Pure halite consists only of sodium chloride, but salt usually contains certain magnesium ccmpounds rendering it deliquescent.
halitosis	Many of the people who have halitosis, do not even know it.
halfway	He climbed halfway up before he heard what sounded like a sob from behind him.
halide	The majority of these halide compounds are decomposed by water, with the formation of basic salts.
halftime	During the 2004 Super Bowl halftime show, Janet Jackson and Justin Timberlake took to the stage to perform a few numbers together.
hallelujah	And let all the people say Amen, Hallelujah.
halloween	Quick witted Betsy laughed, and told the man who was a frequent visitor, that it looked like a childhood picture of Howie in a Halloween costume.
hallo	So early as March 1908 Mr Hallo had laid a formal proposal before the House that the charter of the AustroHungarian bank, which was to expire on the 31st of December 19 10, should not be renewed; that negotiations should be opened with the Austrian government with a view to a convention between the banks of Austria and Hungary; and that, in the event of these negotiations failing, an entirely separate Hungarian bank should be established.
hallowed	The church was a hallowed place because of the sacred artifacts.
hallow	Among the Greeks cruciform shape sufficed of itself to hallow wood or stone.
hallucinate	Surely 500 people could not hallucinate about the same person at the same time!
hallstatt	The Hallstatt cemeteries contained weapons and ornaments from the Bronze age, through the period of transition, up to the fully-developed Iron age.
hallucinogenic	Ecstasy is a hallucinogenic amphetamine which is taken orally.
hallucination	It was not unlike any night's nocturnal hallucination.
hallmark	Even the box takes on the bottle's hallmark blue hue, with a hint of metallic sheen adding an eye-catching gleam to the mix.
hallux	The number of toes is four, unless the hallux is more or less reduced.
hallucinatory	It has not been found possible to determine, before experiment, whether any given man or woman will prove capable of the hallucinatory experiences.
hallucinogen	A universal mystical experience with life-changing effects can be produced by the hallucinogen contained in magic mushrooms, scientists claim today.
hall	As she was walking down the hall, she heard her name mentioned.
halm	Halm, p. 62.
haloid	There are various haloid derivatives of sulphurous acid.
halt	The car came to a halt and then started to roll forward.
haloperidol	Dopamine blocking drugs are frequently the first choice of treatment, Eg haloperidol chlorpromazine, trifluoperazine, sulphiride and pimozide.
hallway	She opened the stairwell door and hurried down the stairs two floors then darted into a hallway to the elevator.
halothane	The charming lady anesthetist in Tartu was the only person who I met who used halothane during general anesthesia for Caesarean Section.
halo	The angel Jeffrey's halo may be rusty.
halyard	The flagpole has an internal halyard which is accessible only through a small lockable cover.
halve	Halve the egg carton and discard the top.
halogen	It is decomposed by the halogen elements and also by sulphuretted hydrogen.
hamiltonian	Among his principal publications are An Examination of Ferrier's Knowing and Being, and the Scottish Philosophy - (a work which gave him the reputation of being an independent Hamiltonian in philosophy); Memoir of John Brown, D.D.
halves	The mouth is very narrow, and the halves of the under-jaw are not distensible.
halting	Once on the street, Dean put up a halting hand.
hammer	The two boys were there, busily working with hammer and saw.
hamburger	I'll take a hamburger and fries.
hammering	She looked up at Sasha, her heart hammering under his hungry look.
hame	If someone had told you fifteen years ago that you'd be getting a water taxi hame you'd have laughed in their face.
hamper	He likes the house spotless and the hamper empty every day.
halter	He dropped the saddle to the ground and slipped a halter over the horses' nose.
hammam	The springs are known to the Arabs as Hammam Meskutin (the accursed baths ).
hammy	For once his hammy acting is entirely appropriate, and I loved his brave possum character.
hammock	The hammock was universal in the tropics, and chairs of wood or stone.
hamlet	He also wrote incidental music to Hamlet, a symphony, and other works.
hand	Still, the feel of his hand was reassuring.
hamstring	Adding extra hamstring exercises can correct this muscular imbalance.
ham	From 1890 he was a member of the West Ham town council, being elected mayor in 1917.
handbell	They did, however, score a handbell peal for the Society over the weekend.
han	Han knows you're coming.
hampshire	I'll get the New Hampshire detective.
handbook	He was also engaged in preparing an abstract of his lectures as a handbook for his class.
hamster	The skin of the hamster is of some value, and its flesh is used as food.
handball	And don't handball either, as that is against the laws of the game.
handbrake	Modified BPW A-frame & Handbrake All Compass models feature the new modified A-frame to the BPW Swing V-Tech chassis.
handcuff	Dean could hear him jump up and he felt the left handcuff being unfastened and a key being pressed into his hand.
handcraft	The Handy Manny boys' underwear are made by Handcraft and licensed by Disney.
handgrip	The cast brass handgrip has spear head shaped mounting plates and a good, curved grip.
handhold	This girl can find a handhold on a sheet of glass and she's as strong as any man I know.
handicraft	Every member of the congregation of Israel must labour, as God has appointed, at some handicraft or profession to provide for his home.
handbag	This beautifully designed handbag is in soft satin and is accented with faux fur panels and co-ordinating sequin detail.
handedness	Everything went off peacefully, despite the heavy handedness of the police.
handily	She handily won the competition and drew the attention of the local media.
handkerchief	She took out her handkerchief and began to cry.
handicapped	His mother died and his father doesn't want to be troubled with a handicapped child.
handgun	Instead of answering, she raised her arm and steadied her breath, as if she were holding a handgun.
handiwork	The Indian women are expert weavers, and their handiwork often commands high prices.
handicap	I'd like to eliminate your handicap of life's tribulations and fund you.
handed	She handed him the wine bottle.
handful	Why do you take up a handful of dirt?
handler	In any case, hiring a handler would eat up her profits.
handmaid	To the church, reason is the handmaid of faith (ancilla fidei).
handout	A few bold pigeons strolled by, looking for a handout but they waddled on down the path.
handover	In terms of user perception, the handover is virtually seamless.
handrail	Teach children to use the handrail on stairways and to walk, not run, on the steps.
handled	He handled the baby as if it were made of crystal.
handsome	And how handsome they both are!
handsomely	Most of the public buildings are of white stone, handsomely carved.
handle	She gripped the handle tighter.
handwriting	The copy, carefully corrected in his own handwriting, is preserved in the British Museum.
handshake	Rob boldly looked her up and down, his handshake firm and lingering.
handwork	Girls are taught handwork in many schools.
handset	These suits feature hand rolled lapels, handset collar and sleeves, handmade buttonholes, and other hallmarks of a traditional bespoke suit.
handmade	He took a booth at the craft fair in order topeddlehis handmade belts.
handwoven	These dresses are made of extremely high-quality materials like rough, handwoven silk, hand-painted sateen, or woven cotton.
handwritten	The note was handwritten in Spanish.
handstand	A break to put your back into I am looking through french windows at an upside-down St Michael's Mount, doing a handstand.
handling	You're not handling this one alone.
hangar	Damian's voice was soft, but his command made everyone in the hangar jump.
hangout	Since you are starting at a university, try getting a part-time job on the weekends where other students hangout.
hanger	The closet contained a second suit and three shirts, each on its own hanger with a necktie looped over it.
hangman	A fifth, Louis Lingg, cheated the hangman by killing himself in prison.
hankering	They claimed I was secretly hankering to embrace the very ills I have condemned in my works.
hanker	The death of an uncle, who had occupied the see of Cortona with great pomp, induced the young Guicciardini to hanker after an ecclesiastical career.
hansard	One man's great oration can be a Hansard reporter's nightmare!
hangover	When it comes to serious problems that can have lifelong effects, drunk high school girls have much more to worry about than a hangover the next day.
hang	All he can do is hang up.
hanky	Fig Leaves has another half-slip from Hanky Panky.
hank	It may be washed or dyed just as required, either in hank or in warp.
hap	Then abruptly she turned and went in, leaving my cousins side by side wishing me good hap.
hansel	The brilliant success of Humperdinck's Hansel and Gretel, in which Wagnerian technique is applied to the diatonic style of nursery songs with a humorous accuracy undreamed of by Wagner's imitators, points a moral which would have charmed Wagner himself; but until the revival of some rudiments of musical common sense becomes widespread, there is little prospect of the influence of Wagner's harmonic style being productive of anything better than nonsense.
haphazard	She left her books standing precariously in a haphazard pile.
handy	All that education might come in handy if we have trouble.
hanuman	The name is probably derived from the Malay Handuman, coming from the ancient Hanuman (monkey).
hanging	It was always hanging on our wall.
happen	It will never happen again.
haploid	This process is used in the production of haploid gametes.
happily	They had been happily married for twenty years.
haphazardly	Jess haphazardly arranged the flowers in the vase.
happy	Are you trying to say that you're not happy with your success?
hapless	Henry was the most hapless of monarchs.
harassment	Her lack of optimism was probably due to her poor experiences with harassment at her previous employment.
harbour	The harbour was our joy, our paradise.
haram	He doubled the area of the enclosure round the Temple, and there can be little doubt that a great part of the walls of the Haram area date from the time of Herod, while probably the tower of David, which still exists near the Jaffa Gate, is on the same foundation as one of the towers adjoining his palace.
hard	I can see why Alex fell so hard for you.
harass	We'd better watch our step, and not give him any excuse to harass us further.
harangue	He delivered a violent harangue before Charles IX.
happenstance	However, that doesn't mean you have to hand your decision over to happenstance.
harbinger	The people seemed to regard the American flag as the harbinger of a new era.
hardback	However this is a beautiful 350 page full color hardback with a very distinct feel to it.
hardboard	This area can be a piece of painted hardboard or plastic 
hardener	Most rapid fixers do not include hardener, but it can be obtained as a separate additive, to be included if desired.
harbourage	The coast-line has few indentations sufficient to afford safe harbourage.
happening	What was happening out there?
hardening	As a result of this gradual hardening and fibrosis of the fascia, symptoms may arise many years after the original incident.
hardly	I can hardly wait for the fun to begin!
hardily	Enduring hardily great extremes of heat and moisture, it is throughout the arid South-west the most important, and in many localities the only important, native tree.
harden	This gives the cookie a chance to harden and dry out again.
happiness	I wish you all the happiness you so deserve.
hardship	There was hardship, but scarcely any opposition.
hardihood	There are several varieties in cultivation, varying in the degree of hardihood, time of ripening, thickness of shell, size and other particulars.
hardiness	On account of their hardiness and disposition to early maturity they have proved valuable for crossing purposes.
harelip	Other children may tease the child or use the term harelip.
hardness	The hardness came back into his eyes and he looked away.
harebell	Plants present in the grassland include pignut, harebell, kidney vetch and several orchids including greater butterfly orchid.
haricot	However, they don't go mushy like haricot or kidney beans.
harem	She wondered again whether or not he had a harem elsewhere.
hardwood	The hardwood floor had not been stained.
hare	The hare is increasing rapidly, as well as the fox.
harlequin	A Harlequin character reinvents himself with every real life Valentine heart he sends to an object of his desire.
hark	Hark to him jabbering!
harlotry	For a spirit of harlotry has led them astray, and they have left their God to play the harlot.
harlot	His wife is the Harlot or the Woman of Whoredom.
harmless	She'd looked harmless to him, beautiful and scared.
harmfulness	When it comes to the harmfulness of video games, the realistic violence that is portrayed rates at the top of most lists.
hardy	They possess a hardy breed of ponies, for which the Dolbahanta country is famed.
harmattan	The dry east wind known as the harmattan blows intermittently from December to March.
harmonica	It played out as smooth as an old harmonica the way we had it figured too.
harmlessly	Elkington showed that by cutting a deep drain through the clay, aided when necessary by wells or auger holes, the subjacent bed of sand or gravel in which a body of water is pent up by the clay, as in a vessel, might be tapped and the water conveyed harmlessly in the covered drain to the nearest ditch or stream.
harmonic	In Wagner's harmonic style we encounter the entire problem of modern musical texture.
harmonics	The successive terms of (21) are called the harmonics of the first term.
hardware	The price of such hardware is in free fall.
harm	I promise not to harm you.
harmonious	It is soft and harmonious, being highly vocalic in structure.
harmony	I try to live in harmony with nature.
harness	We can harness at once, your excellency.
harmoniously	The calculation that he would work harmoniously with Rodney was not altogether justified by the results.
harmonization	Grounds for a variety of developments are to be found in the imperfect harmonization of the rationalistic heritage from the Wolffian tradition which still dominates Kant's pure general logic with the manifest epistemological intention of his transcendental theory.
harmonium	It is heard, too, when two notes on the harmonium are loudly sounded.
harpoon	The harpoon for fishing was at first of bone (75), and was imitated in copper (76, 77) from S.D.
harmonize	The passages last referred to harmonize with the account given in Gen.
harp	He took off its cloth covering, and the harp gave out a jarring sound.
harpist	The Court Steward and his Ladies of the Court entertain you in song accompanied by the harpist.
harpy	Harpy eagles and king vultures soar above the canopy, while scarlet macaws as well as blue and yellow macaws feast on clay licks.
harper	President Harper was selected by him to organize the university, and it was his will that the president and two-thirds of the trustees should be always Baptists.
harmful	The Egyptian rule proved harmful to the country.
harsh	Her voice was harsh and raspy.
harpsichord	As a bonus most models now have a convincing harpsichord.
harrowing	The train crash was a harrowing experience for everyone involved.
harrow	He afterwards went to Harrow and to Balliol College, Oxford.
harrier	There are the same difficulties to be contended with as in hunting with the ordinary harrier, and a very few days' running will teach the youthful sportsman that he cannot run at the same pace over sound ground and over a deep ploughed field, up hill and down, or along and across furrows.
harshness	But the harshness certainly reflects a characteristic attitude of mind.
hartshorn	Heating spirits of hartshorn, he was able to collect alkaline air (gaseous ammonia), again because he was using mercury in his pneumatic trough; then, trying what would happen if he passed electric sparks through the gas, he decomposed it into nitrogen and hydrogen, and having a notion that mixed with hydrochloric acid gas it would produce a neutral air, perhaps much the same as common air, he synthesized sal ammoniac. Dephlogisticated air (oxygen) he prepared in August 1774 by heating red oxide of mercury with a burning-glass, and he found that in it a candle burnt with a remarkably vigorous flame and mice lived well.
has	He has lived more than eighty years.
hart	Jackson and Thomas Hart Benton were later reconciled.
hartebeest	There are few wild animals; but the eland, hartebeest and smaller antelopes are found, as well as the leopard and the jackal.
harvester	A gold medal was awarded for a harvester and self-binder (McCormick's).
harshly	Don't judge Lise harshly, she began.
hassle	Sometimes, but it's a long way to a restaurant and a lot of hassle to go.
hasp	It's best to bolt the hasp and staple to the door and frame for extra strength.
haste	In her haste, she slammed her shoulder against the stall.
hasten	I have just returned from my benefactor, and hasten to write down what I have experienced.
hastily	Carmen hastily began dressing.
hasty	I'm asking you not to make a hasty decision.
hashish	Some of the more esteemed kinds of hashish are prepared from this ganja.
hash	Maybe he needed the time to himself to hash this out in his mind.
hastiness	Altogether this work is rich in suggestion to the philosophic historian and the anthropologist, though marked by much vagueness of conception and hastiness of generalization.
harry	A change, however, came about towards the end of the century, when the Scandinavian freebooters known as Danes began to harry the coasts.
hatchet	A hatchet is a small sort of axe.
hatcher	Hatcher believes that there is no good evidence in favour of a great antiquity for man in Patagonia.
hatchling	I trained my hatchling well.
hatchback	We were looking at the MG three-door hatchback, supposedly the ' sexiest ' looking variant.
hatband	The Parking Attendants are recognizable by their peaked caps with a blue hatband.
hatchery	The New Hampshire State Fish Hatchery is in Laconia.
hatch	The parents leave the eggs to hatch where they are deposited, in sand or in mould.
hateful	He is such a hateful man.
hatless	In the market-place here Dr Johnson stood hatless in the rain doing voluntary penance for disobedience to his father.
hater	He is an earnest worshipper of the Virgin, but a bold and vigorous hater of monks and abbots.
hatching	These establishments have been principally devoted to the hatching of the eggs of plaice.
hatter	Bright yellow contacts will have your eyes resembling the Mad Hatter's from Alice in Wonderland.
hat	He pulled his hat over his eyes.
haughty	There was a soft note in the haughty woman's voice.
hauberk	Olaf leapt into the sea holding his shield edgeways, so that he sank at once and the weight of his hauberk dragged him down.
haugh	East Haugh House is a beautiful, turreted stone house set in 2 acres of gardens.
haughtily	But Charles, intent on dethroning Augustus of Poland, held haughtily aloof.
haughtiness	The papal letters were translated into Persian, and thence into Mongol, and so presented to Baiju; but the Tatars were greatly irritated by the haughtiness of the Dominicans.
haulm	Tubers are also sometimes formed on aerial branches, as in some Aroids, Begonias, &c. The production of small green tubers on the haulm, in the axils of the leaves of the potato, is not very unfrequent, and affords an interesting proof of the true morphological nature of the underground shoots and tubers.
haunch	There is a strongly marked median longitudinal ventral black stripe, to which the lower ends of the transverse side stripes are usually united, but the dorsal stripe (also strongly marked) is completely isolated in its posterior half, and the uppermost of the broad haunch stripes runs nearly parallel to it.
haul	It was the short haul that needed work.
harvest	That's a sign of a good harvest next year.
haulage	The main haulage tracks are laid at the bottom of the stope, which thus forms the level.
hate	I hate peanut butter.
hauteur	On the palate, the wine was rather more astringent, brisker perhaps, with a touch of aristocratic hauteur.
haunt	The mountains are a haunt of red deer.
have	You'll all have to walk.
haustoria	They form a superficial mycelium on the surface of the plant, the hyphae not usually penetrating the tissues but merely sending haustoria into the epidermal cells.
haversack	For daily living, soldiers carried a haversack, canteen, and mucket.
havoc	He remained content to leave such criminal havoc in the hands of the police.
hatred	His hatred of revolutionary principles was fanatical.
haw	The fruit, or haw, as in the apple, consists of the swollen floral axis, which is usually scarlet, and forms a fleshy envelope surrounding the hard stone.
havana	Cattle and pine lumber are sent to Cuba, and Havana tobacco and fine grades of Cuban timber are imported.
hawker	A large dragonfly, possibly the Southern Hawker was spotted.
haunted	A haunted look crossed her face.
hawksbill	The city center we found the hawksbill cay just.
hawthorn	The hawthorn serves as a stock for grafting other trees.
hawfinch	The woodland supports a diverse breeding bird community, including hawfinch and wood warbler.
hay	When the tines get full of hay, you lift it.
hawkweed	The main walk comprised a party of 8 and we found a few new species including annual wall rocket and leafy hawkweed.
hawk	During the Black Hawk War (1832) Zachary Taylor, then a lieutenant-colonel, was in command of Fort Crawford, and to him Black Hawk was entrusted after his capture.
hawser	The climbing plants, from the size of a whipcord to that of a man-of-war's hawser, are so numerous, that the ancient path is the only passage.
haywire	He catches shadows moving out of the corner of his eye and his electrical appliances keep going haywire.
hazard	We may find a fair parallel by imagining two plays drawn at hazard from the works of the great tragic writers.
hayloft	The Stable has a double bedroom and first floor hayloft with twin beds.
haze	Jule awoke in a haze of hot and cold.
haystack	The two boys were playing in front of a large haystack.
haven	As thus founded, New Haven was town and colony combined.
he	He will save Europe!
head	She leaned her head on his shoulder.
headache	She stormed out, blood pulsing and headache growing.
haziness	Certain crystals from Cumberland are beautifully fluorescent, appearing purple with a bluish internal haziness by reflected light, and greenish by transmitted light.
headband	If the headband matches the outfit, so much the better.
hazy	It was hazy and cool, like a beach after the evening fog rolled in.
hb	Recombivax HB, manufactured by Merck & Company, is as of 2004 available as a pediatric/adolescent formulation (orange cap) and as an adult formulation (green cap).
header	On the hour Dwyer scored again - this time a looping header beating a stranded Nower.
headgear	The headgear is very distinctive.
hazardous	This somewhat hazardous pledge was nobly redeemed.
headhunter	Now the former headhunter wants not only to keep Polish talent in Poland, but to reverse the brain drain.
hazel	She had short brown hair and kind hazel eyes.
headboard	All trains on Young Members day carried a headboard like this.
headlight	The headlight cluster incorporates four lights for perfect night riding vision.
headless	According to local tradition he was buried at Cefn-y-bedd (the ridge of the grave) close by, but it is more likely that his headless trunk was taken to Abbey Cwmhir.
headliner	The Festival has numerous tracks, but the headliner attraction is the Independent Feature Film Competition, which gives awards for dramatic and documentary films.
headed	I saw Jonathan headed for the house.
headlamp	Another element destined to give example is the front headlamp.
headline	The crime was national headline news.
headmistress	The door opened to reveal Daniela, the headmistress, a severe-looking woman wearing the brown robes of the convent.
headland	A headland close by he named Cape Tribulation.
headman	It is the residence of the Headman of the Griqua nation.
headphones	He positioned the earpiece of his communication headphones better.
headmaster	His father, William George, a Welshman of yeoman stock, had left Pembrokeshire for London at an early age and became a school teacher there, and afterwards in Liverpool and Haverfordwest, and then headmaster of an elementary school at Pwllheli, Carnarvonshire, where he married the daughter of David Lloyd, a neighbouring Baptist minister.
headphone	The cap has a connector designed to attach to the headphone jack on your tablet, making it easy to store and transport along with your iPad.
headlong	Nasr escaped only by a headlong flight to Nishapur.
headpiece	Brady hit the rally emitter on his command headpiece.
headscarf	Women wear a headscarf and dress conservatively.
headset	The best value Bluetooth headset we have ever stocked.
headstock	During that long production run there were, apart from three designs of headstock bearing, only minor changes in specification required.
headship	Perhaps male headship is more important to people than I'd realized.
headroom	The interior is extremely spacious and offers plenty of leg and headroom for all passengers, while the boot is positively cavernous.
headstone	She had left her phone on top of the headstone.
headstream	Prantl has professed to find the headstream of Nominalism also in Scotus Erigena; but beyond the fact that he discusses at considerable length the categories of thought and their mutual relations, occasionally using the term voces to express his meaning, Prantl appears to adduce no reasons for an assertion which directly contradicts Erigena's most fundamental doctrines.
heal	Why couldn't she heal her brother?
headway	Meanwhile in the Netherlands the sectaries had been making rapid headway in spite of the persecution.
headstrong	He was headstrong and determined.
health	We even have health insurance.
heady	Lost in the heady sensations, Deidre wriggled and strained beneath him.
healer	He released the healer whose arm he held.
healthily	No, I have benefited by eating healthily, because I am now rid of my carbohydrate craving.
healthful	The climate is considered to be healthful notwithstanding the excessive humidity.
hear	I wish you could hear yourself talking.
healthfulness	The valley is noted for its beauty, fertility, and healthfulness, and is the centre of thriving fruit and wine industries.
healthiness	They had probably much to do with the relative healthiness of this district in early times.
hearer	And in reality it would be difficult to account for this feature except on the supposition that one who had lived through the events had been accustomed, when required to give a comprehensive sketch of the history of the ministry and sufferings of Jesus, to relate the facts in the main as they happened; and that a hearer of his has to a considerable extent reproduced them in the same order.
heading	Unshod horses heading south.
heap	She wilted to a heap and fell to the floor.
hearken	Erza did not hearken to his appeal.
heart	Her heart was starting to flutter.
heartache	Men are heartache and more trouble than they're worth.
heartbeat	Her stomach fluttered, her heartbeat fast.
healing	Tell me about your healing ability.
hearsay	Among them are unlettered folk who know the Scripture not except from hearsay.
healthy	They grew up healthy and strong.
heartfelt	Rainy's voice was quiet, and Damian sensed his heartfelt gratitude.
hearth	He looked at the fire on the hearth.
headquarters	After showering and dressing, he wrote a short note explaining he would be at police headquarters until midmorning and slipped it under her door.
heartburn	I use a dose of Dandelion before meals to prevent heartburn.
hearse	I have been driving a hearse for the last 25 years .
heard	I heard you scream.
heartening	It was heartening to see two young people who obviously cared for one another.
heartland	Child marriage, which the new code seeks to finally eliminate, remains tenacious - and not only in Turkey's conservative heartland.
hearthstone	There are several ways to contact a representative from a Hearthstone Assisted Living Community.
heartily	The salesman heartily agreed.
heartless	Almost all that he gained by his heartless diplomacy was a seat in the council and in the star-chamber.
heathendom	On a seething mass of African heathendom, already in early times affected by primitive Semitic ideas, was.
hearty	He cut off the conversation with a hearty laugh.
heathenish	To the beginning of the 13th century the popular superstitions regarding sorcery, witchcraft and compacts with the devil were condemned by the ecclesiastical authorities as heathenish, sinful and heretical.
heater	We didn't feel safe having a kerosene heater heat my home, we were afraid of the fumes making our children sick.
heath	The greater part of Hanover is a plain with sandhills, heath and moor.
heathenism	I I) is difficult to explain, though Maimonides perhaps correctly regarded the law as a protest against heathenism (on the magical use of representatives of the animal and vegetable kingdom, in conjunction with a metal ring, see I.
heathen	This was no doubt a place of religious sacrifice in heathen times.
heathery	Even collecting water proved time-consuming, the burn little more than a trickle deep-set between heathery banks.
hearing	Maybe she wasn't hearing him right.
heat	The evening heat was stifling.
heathy	Peat soil is largely employed for the culture of such plants as rhododendrons, azaleas, heaths, &c. In districts where heather and gritty soil predominate, the peat soil is poor and unprofitable, but selections from both the heathy and the richer peat soils, collected with judgment, and stored in a dry part of the compost yard, are essential ingredients in the cultivation of many choice pot plants, such as the Cape heaths and many of the Australian plants.
heathland	You are most likely to come across a basking adder by accident while walking on a narrow heathland track.
heavenly	It was a heavenly day.
heatproof	Spray a large heatproof bowl with non-stick spray and put your dough into the bowl.
heated	He left the basement and entered the heated first floor.
heavy	The suitcase didn't seem that heavy at the time.
heave	Its throes will heave our exuviae from their graves.
heather	The soil is quartz sand and is chiefly covered with heather and brushwood.
heaviness	Heaviness settled into the pit of his stomach.
heavyweight	Mel Gibson soared to the A-list as an affable cinematic heavyweight with starring roles in Mad Max and Lethal Weapon, as well as directing and producing credits for Braveheart and The Passion of the Christ.
hebe	The immortal part of Hercules passes to Olympus, where he is reconciled to Hera and weds her daughter Hebe.
hebdomadal	His chief public activity at Oxford was in connexion with the hebdomadal council, and with the Clarendon Press, of which he was for many years secretary.
hebraic	Some critics, however, hold that it is wholly Luke's own composition, and that the Hebraic style - in which he was able to write in consequence of his familiarity with the LXX.
heating	He takes long weekends every time the weather starts heating up.
hebraism	Though the intellectual world of the sages is different from that of the prophetic and legal Hebraism, they do not break with the fundamental Jewish theistic and ethical creeds.
hebraist	As authors of special works on philosophy, we find Samuel Koteles, John Imre, Joseph Ruszek, Daniel Ercsei and Paul Sarvari; as a theologian and Hebraist John Somossy; as an historian and philologist Stephen Horvath, who endeavoured to trace the Magyar descent from the earliest historic times; as writers on jurisprudence Alexander Kovy and Paul Szlemenics.
heavily	Snow fell heavily outside.
hectic	Modern life is becoming more hectic by the minute.
heck	Heck, even Japan only recently allowed imports of rice and taxes the imports at 500 percent in order to protect their rice farmers.
heaven	May the kingdom of Heaven be his!
hectare	In August we harvest the peas hope to get about 5 tons per hectare.
hedge	I just wanted some in my hedge row.
hedgehog	The polecat and hedgehog also occur.
hedonism	A second type of hedonism - less ignoble, but perhaps also less logical - calls men to seek the happiness of others.
hedonist	On ethics, Locke says very little, although that little is hedonist and determinist.
heed	Take heed of being sharp. ..
heedless	This was a heedless piece of chivalry on Edward's part.
hedonistic	Won't all people (or at least most people) waste their lives on narcissistic, hedonistic pleasure?
heel	She turned on her heel and walked.
hector	He engaged Hector in single combat and, with the aid of Athene, rescued the body of Achilles from the hands of the Trojans.
heft	The demon righted him and tried to heft him but stopped.
hebrew	With the Talmud, the anonymous period of Hebrew literature may be considered to end.
hegemony	The principalenjoyedhishegemony over the staff of the school.
heifer	A maiden heifer has not yet had a calf.
hedgerow	There is also Elm in the hedgerow, which is the food plant of the White Letter hairstreak butterfly that is becoming quite rare.
heeled	If the only way your feet touch the floor is whilst wearing heeled shoes, then you need a footrest.
hegira	A passage in Ferishta seems to imply that the Afghans in the Sulimani mountains were already known by that name in the first century of the Hegira, but it is uncertain how far this may be built on.
hefty	There's a hefty reward out for her, too.
heighten	These are cleverly employed in order to heighten the impression of its instability.
hegemonic	From the 1760s or 1770s onwards, moral tales and heavily didactic texts had exerted an almost hegemonic domination of children's books.
hegelian	MacTaggart (Studies in Hegelian Cosmology, p. 48; and elsewhere).
heinous	But it did not stop the heinous acts he's committing.
held	She held up the picture.
heiress	The title, like others in Spain, can pass through an heiress to her husband.
heirloom	She gasped, recognizing it as the one he wore often, the heirloom passed down through his ancestors.
heirship	The castle and lordship descended by heirship, male and female, through the families of De Clare, Despenser, Beauchamp and Neville to Richard III., on whose fall they escheated to the Crown, and were granted later, first to Jasper Tudor, and finally by Edward VI.
heist	It's John's last heist and he hopes to bring in a haul worth $ 35 million dollars in gold.
heliacal	The heliacal rising of Sirius would tell people to prepare for the floods.
helical	Crystals with a helical twist are not uncommon.
helices	It appears also from (II) that the null-lines whose distance from the central axis is r are tangent lines to a system of helices of slope tan 1(r/k); and it is to be noticed that these helices are left-handed if the given wrench is righthanded, and vice versa.
helicoid	The supposed hydrothecae may be present on one side of the axis only (monoprionid) or on both sides (diprionid); the first case may be conjectured to be the result of uniserial (helicoid) budding, the second to be produced by biserial (scorpioid) budding.
height	The mountain ridges vary in height up to 4000 ft.
helicon	The mountains of Attica, which form its most characteristic feature, are a continuation of that chain which, starting from Tymphrestus at the southern extremity of Pindus, passes through Phocis and Boeotia under the names of Parnassus and Helicon; from this proceeds the range which, as Cithaeron in its western and Parnes in its eastern portion, separates Attica from Boeotia, throwing off spurs southward towards the Saronic Gulf in Aegaleos and Hymettus, which bound the plain of Athens.
heir	Alex was the reluctant heir to an enormous amount of land and money.
helicopter	We've got a helicopter on the way.
heliocentric	But the explanation of this phenomenon is equally consistent with the geocentric as with the heliocentric theory of the solar system.
heliometer	The present writer has successfully used a similar plan in measuring position angles of a Centauri with the heliometer, viz.
heliostat	Foucault's heliostat reflects the rays horizontally in any required direction.
heliotrope	Heliotrope or cherry-pie (Heliotropium peruvianum) is a well-known garden plant.
helipad	Lana's smile remained as she crossed the helipad towards the barracks.
helleborine	The ground flora includes wood fescue Festuca altissima and violet helleborine Epipactis purpurata.
hellene	But the vital point is that the absolute superiority of the Hellene was recognized as incontestable on both hands.
helium	Helium is present in the atmosphere, of which it constitutes four parts in a million.
hellebore	For all exposed sawfly larvae hellebore washes are most fatal, but they must not be used over ripe or ripening fruit, as the hellebore is poisonous.
helix	Each wing forms a mobile helix or screw.
hellenist	At the age of fourteen he entered the Camaldulian Order in the monastery of Sta Maria degli Angeli, and rapidly became a leading theologian and Hellenist.
hellenistic	In the Hellenistic period it gained inportance as a fortress by which the Macedonian rulers controlled central Greece.
heller	In 1509 followed the Assumption of the Virgin with the Apostles gathered about her tomb, a rich altarpiece with figures of saints and portraits of the donor and his wife in the folding wings, executed for Jacob Heller, a merchant of Frankfort, in 1509.
hellhole	So, we trudge up to E3, complaining about what a hellhole it is, hating the train, hating the parking situation, but happy to be out of the office for the day, despite the overpriced food, the long lines and the deafening roar.
hellenic	We detect the dawn of that spirit which afterwards animated Hellenic art.
hello	Hello, can I help you with something?
hellenism	Greek culture had been the product of the city-state, and Hellenism could not be dissevered from the city.
helm	To the latter he replies by asserting that, just as the navigating steersman never looses the helm, so does God never remove his care from the world.
hell	Who the hell are you?
hellish	Putting him through years of hellish pain to teach him a lesson about something she knew nothing about.
help	So will help you God, and so only.
helper	So far, wee Maria stood head and shoulders over any other domestic helper Bird Song had employed.
helpful	There was nothing helpful Dean could offer.
helmeted	Dean only had a brief glance at the rider, not enough to even tell if the helmeted figure was a man or a woman, much less recognize the person.
helminth	The morphology and location of helminth eggs are a valuable aid to the diagnosis of specific helminth eggs are a valuable aid to the diagnosis of specific helminth diseases.
helpfully	It helpfully lists all of the swimwear manufacturers featured in the issue as well as contact information.
helpfulness	In only two things could they take the initiative, helpfulness and mercy; the deserving poor and the destitute were to receive instant relief; but no member could give anything to his relatives without consulting the heads of the society.
helot	The mothones or mothakes were usually the sons of Spartiates and helot mothers; they were free men sharing the Spartan training, but were not full citizens, though they might become such in recognition of special merit.
helplessly	Sofia stood helplessly for a long minute.
helmsman	The next halting-places were the country of the Maryandini, where the helmsman Tiphys died, and the land of the Amazons on the banks of the Thermodon.
helplessness	Losing a job generates feelings of helplessness, anger, frustration, and fear.
helpmate	Bill was going to get himself a fine helpmate.
hem	She pulled nervously at the hem of her too-short skirt.
helmet	The other rider doffed her helmet, spilling waves of blond hair.
helpless	He was helpless to find her.
helpmeet	This gift will be a pledge of your purity of heart to her whom you select to be your worthy helpmeet in Masonry.
hematology	In the clinic, the animals showing signs of anemia and lethargy have hematology and blood smears done virtually routinely.
hemicycle	The waning hemicycle is the yin side of the cycle.
hematite	There are large beds of hematite some 60 m.
hemiplegia	Joshua is a 15 year-old boy who has hemiplegia.
helping	He was helping, even if he did so grudgingly.
hemipterous	Eugereon is a remarkable Permian fossil, with jaws that are typically hemipterous except that the second maxillae are not fused and with cockroach-like wings.
hemoglobin	There is a reduction in cardiac output and an increase in hemoglobin oxygen affinity.
hemispherical	It consists of four hemispherical cups, mounted one on each end of a pair of horizontal arms, which lie at right angles to each other and form a cross.
hemorrhage	A burst blood vessel in the brain followed by uncontrolled bleeding (intracerebral hemorrhage) can cause a fetal stroke, or a clot (embolism) can obstruct a cerebral blood vessel.
hemlock	Cedar and hemlock also are commercially valuable.
hemorrhoids	Ronnie doesn't know any of those people and he keeps saying I should step up to the plate, like it's the least I could do 'cause he already tolerates me like a bad case of hemorrhoids.
hemophiliac	When hemophiliac children are to receive immunizations, parents should inform medical personnel in advance so that bleeding problems can be avoided.
hence	The roads were covered in ice; hence it was not safe to drive.
henbane	Henbane yields a poisonous alkaloid, hyoscyamine, which is stated to have properties almost identical with those of atropine, from which it differs in being more soluble in water.
hemisphere	You know what hemisphere you'll be in when you leave?
hempen	There is a brisk local trade in farm produce, and in the linen, hempen goods and pottery manufactured in Baza.
henchman	There's a villain, and a villain's henchman.
hen	A hen was singing in the back yard.
henceforward	The part which it plays henceforward is insignificant.
henequen	The dry season lasts from October to May, the hottest months appear to be in March and April, when the heat is increased by the burning of the corn and henequen fields.
hemp	Its chief exports are of cotton, hemp, sugar and stone.
henna	Some towns were destroyed; the people of Henna were massacred.
henceforth	The rest of Italy, however parcelled, henceforth became but a dependence upon Spain.
heparin	If disseminated intravascular coagulation is present, the patient should be treated with heparin.
henotheism	Indian Vedic henotheism (otherwise called kathenotheism); 3 Semitic monolatry, so important as the probable starting-point of religious development in Israel; the Greek use of Zeus almost as we say God - even the attempt to arrange deities in a monarchical pantheon, all show the tendency, though it so seldom attains a real victory.
hepatic	The right and left hepatic ducts, while still in the transverse fissure, unite into a single duct which joins the cystic duct from the gall bladder at an acute angle.
hep	Here are some ideas that can hep you find great deals on the items you need to make your patio comfortable and inviting.
hepatectomy	All patients who underwent extended hepatectomy presented with stage IVA disease.
hepatica	The left hepatica magna receives also the umbilical vein, which persists on the visceral surface of the abdominal wall, often anastomosing with the epigastric veins.
hepatocellular	In the mouse study, there was a significant increase in the incidence of hepatocellular adenoma or carcinoma.
heptagon	Heptagon has also produced a device that uses a semiconductor laser to project a ' virtual keyboard ' on to a surface.
her	Her father is very rich and stingy.
heptarchy	During the Heptarchy what is now the shire formed part of Mercia; by the treaty of Wedmore, however, it became Danish territory, but was recovered by King Edward (919-921).
henry	I am so glad that Lester and Henry are good little infants.
hepatitis	Hepatitis B, on the other hand, remains prevalent among drug addicts.
heraldic	The scenes are partly mythological (labours of Heracles), partly purely heraldic. Eighteen panels were transported to the Louvre in 1838; other fragments rewarded the Americans, and a scientific ground-plan was drawn.
herald	A herald sent forward to announce the coming of a king.
herbage	Another field experiment of singular interest is that relating to the mixed herbage of permanent meadow, for which seven acres of old grass land were set apart in Rothamsted Park in 1856.
herbalist	It may be a good idea to visit a professional herbalist.
heraldry	He made a special hobby of heraldry and genealogy.
herbaceous	Herbaceous plants are rare and mostly epiphytic.
herbaria	That wrought by man in destroying forests and cultivating the land will be no less effective, and already specimens in our herbaria alone represent species no longer to be found in a living state.
herbarium	The original herbarium of Linnaeus is in the possession of the Linnaean Society of London.
herbicide	Also, if you apply herbicide to kill broadleaf weeds, that should be done in October.
herb	After a quick supper, she grabbed the herb book and stepped outside.
herbivore	It is during this phase that you will determine whether your creature is a herbivore or a carnivore.
herd	This is the herd I've been developing for about five years.
here	She didn't come here to talk to me.
herbivorous	In habits the animal was cursorial and herbivorous, or possibly carnivorous.
herculean	It would indeed be a herculean task to teach the words if the ideas did not already exist in the child's mind.
herbal	The earliest representation of the plant is to be found in Gerard's Herbal, published in 1597.
herdsman	Thyrsis sings to a goatherd how Daphnis, the mythical herdsman, having defied the power of Aphrodite, dies rather than yield to a passion with which the goddess had inspired him.
hereafter	The manner in which such by-laws are made and confirmed will be hereafter noticed.
hereabouts	The sea front was swept away, and the level of the land hereabouts was lowered.
hereditament	The common law doctrine of a six months' notice being required to terminate a tenancy from year to year of a corporeal hereditament, does not apply to an incorporeal hereditament such as a right to shoot.
hercules	Desultory warfare was carried on between the colonial troops and the Basuto until 1881, when the intervention of the high commissioner, Sir Hercules Robinson (afterward Lord Rosmead), was asked for.
hereby	I hereby bequeath to you my shopping cart and all its contents.
hereditable	Four miles west by north of Stranraer is situated Lochnaw Castle, the ancient seat of the Agnews, who were hereditary sheriffs of Galloway till 1747, when hereditable jurisdictions were abolished.
herein	Herein he has been followed by many zoologists.
hereof	The terms and provisions contained in this Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof.
heredity	The general laws of heredity and variation have been proved to apply to man as well as to animals and plants.
heretic	He was declared a heretic and burnt on the 6th of July 1415.
heretofore	After the destruction of Jerusalem the Judaean Rabbinic schools took refuge in the Galilee they had heretofore despised.
heresiarch	Father Cahier would even trace the book to Tatian, and it is true that that heresiarch mentions a writing of his own upon animals.
hereupon	Hereupon Ignatius, on March 15th, 1540, told Xavier to leave Rome the next day with Mascarenhas, in order to join Rodrigues in the Indian mission.
heritage	I am a huge fan of heritage meats.
heretical	Numerous foreigners had been allowed to settle in Moscow and to build for themselves a heretical church, and their strange unholy customs had been adopted by not a few courtiers and great dignitaries.
hereditary	We have seen the end of hereditary monarchy.
heriot	There is record of a club in Haddington in 1709, of Tom Bicket's green in Kilmarnock in 1740, of greens in Candleriggs and Gallowgate, Glasgow, and of one in Lanark in 1750, of greens in the grounds of Heriot's hospital, Edinburgh, prior to 1768, and of one in Peebles in 1775.
hermeneutics	The grammatical work of Rabbi Jonah extended, moreover, to the domain of rhetoric and biblical hermeneutics, and his lexicon contains many exegetical excursuses.
herm	This Cyprian Aphrodite is the same as the later Hermaphroditos, which simply means Aphroditos in the form of a herm (see Hermae), and first occurs in the Characteres (16) of Theophrastus.
hermetic	A submarine is a hermetic environment where no water can enter and no air can escape.
hermaphrodite	The flowers are hermaphrodite and regular with parts in fives (pentamerous) throughout, though exceptions from the pentamerous arrangement occur.
heritable	The fold in the ears was caused by a heritable, dominant, mutated gene.
hermetically	They are hermetically sealed for transport.
hermaphroditism	These psychically decadent individuals appear to represent the entire male sex of a bisexual species, and become unnecessary owing to the grafting of hermaphroditism on the female sex.
hermitage	Finally, retiring to a hermitage, he ends his days in the odour of sanctity.
hermit	What else does the hermit want for his $100 a week?
herniated	Leukotriene B4, thromboxane B2 and inflammatory products also have been discovered within herniated human disks after surgery.
heroically	Louis took an active part in the campaign and fought heroically at Jarnac and Moncontour.
hernia	Marinetti suffered a hernia, Russolo was quickly injured, and thirteen other futurists were killed during the war.
heroics	It contains, however, some very fine lines, in particular, a defence of the stage and some heroics put into the mouth of a braggadocio.
heroism	Froit that time the heroism of the monarch appeared to die out.
heroine	Newly crowned heroine Lydia Larkin won the election by eight votes.
heroin	Every year around 160 people die from heroin addiction.
heresy	Leo was disturbed throughout his pontificate by heresy and schism.
heron	Wolves are numerous in the mountains; the heron, ibis, wild goose and snipe in the valley of the Wei.
heronry	The fishponds often hold Goosander and Smew in the winter, and there is a heronry and colony of nesting cormorants here.
hero	I'm no hero in my dreams.
herpesvirus	Pharmacologic treatment for herpesvirus infections has targeted the virus-specific enzyme, thymidine kinase (TK ), with nucleoside analogs.
heroes	The foremost heroes of the first crusade were Netherlanders.
herpetology	The son of Bob Irwin, a wildlife expert interested in herpetology, he began handling crocodiles at the age of nine.
herpetic	Amitriptyline has been shown to help in treatment of migraine and tension headache, post herpetic neuralgia as well as phantom limb pain.
hers	She held hers up for him to see.
herself	A woman has a right to protect herself – any way she can.
herpes	Some children have a serious primary (first episode) herpes infection called gingivostomatitis, which causes fever, swollen lymph glands, and several blisters inside the mouth and on the lips and tongue that may form large, open sores.
hesitancy	In spite of his hesitancy he wasn't about to quit.
hertz	Hertz then devised a wave detecting apparatus called a resonator.
hesitantly	She walked hesitantly to his office.
hesitant	Evelyn asked with a hesitant smile.
heroic	Morning brings back the heroic ages.
herring	The chief industry is the herring fishery.
herr	He completed it, however, and in 1842 it was produced at Dresden, where, with Madame Schroeder Devrient and Herr Tichatschek in the principal parts, it achieved a success which went far to make him famous.
hesperus	Only two communities separated Cortez and Durango; Mancos and Hesperus, and neither were memo­rable.
hesitation	This time there was no hesitation, no rush.
hessian	The second transvectant of a form over itself is called the Hessian of the form.
het	This page gives an overview of all articles in the 1911 Brittanica which are alphabetized under Het to Hir.
hesitate	She didn't hesitate and took it.
heterocyclic	Carbocyclic rings will next be treated, benzene and its allies in some detail; and finally the heterocyclic nuclei.
heterodoxy	In theology, as in ecclesiastical polity, Hofmann was a Lutheran of an extreme type, although the strongly marked individuality of some of his opinions laid him open to repeated accusations of heterodoxy.
heterogeneity	The superiority of animals to plants and metals in the possession of special organs of sense is connected with the greater complexity and heterogeneity of their structure.
heterodox	His heterodox opinions regarding the doctrine of the Trinity drew upon his works the condemnation of the church.
heterophylly	Heterophylly is rather common among aquatic plants, and is well seen in several aquatic species of Ranunculus, many species of Potamogelon, Sagittaria sagittifolia, Scir pus lacusiris, Castalia (Nymphaea) alba, Hippuris vulgaris, Callitriche spp., Sium latifolium.
heterogeneous	Its population, then as at the present day, was a heterogeneous collection of all races.
heterosexuality	Sexual orientation includes homosexuality, heterosexuality and bisexuality and also includes perceived orientation.
heterospory	Heterospory is only known in the Hydropterideae.
heuristics	Real life problems tend to be tackled by applying suitable heuristics to simplify the problem.
hew	Haue; the root is seen in hew, to cut, cleave; the word must be distinguished from hoe, promontory, tongue of land, seen in place names, e.g.
hex	The Touws (90 m.),which rises in the Great Karroo not far from the sources of the Hex river, is a tributary of the Groote river.
heterosexual	However, there are reasons why a rise in heterosexual STIS need not foreshadow a rise in heterosexual HIV.
hetman	Towards the end of his life Ivan was partially consoled for his failure in the west by the unexpected acquisition of the kingdom of Siberia in the east, which was first subdued by the Cossack hetman Ermak or Yermak in 1581.
hewn	She entered a narrow, well-lit hall and followed it through smoothly hewn walls.
hexadecimal	It can be loaded using an assembler or using the simple hexadecimal loader listed in table three.
hexagonal	The substance is usually optically isotropic, though sometimes it exhibits anomalous double refraction; fibrous zinc sulphide which is doubly refracting is to be referred to the hexagonal FIG.
heuristic	And the aim is heuristic, though often enough the search ends in no overt positive conclusion.
hexad	Mapping the hexad corresponding to 23 with these elements yields the corresponding hexads.
hexagram	The results will be the creation of a hexagram of six stacked lines that are either broken or solid and correspond to one of the I Ching Explanations.
hexameter	The peculiar rapidity of Homer is due in great measure to his use of the hexameter verse.
hexane	Reactions occurred but despite many efforts only complex mixtures of hexane soluble phosphorus containing compounds could be obtained that proved impossible to identify.
hexahydrate	In accordance with his theory of the constitution of salts Werner formulates the hexahydrate as CrC12 (OH2)4 C1.2H20.
hexagon	This is fulfilled when the opposite sides of the hexagon are parallel, and (as a still more special case) when the hexagon is regular.
hey	Hey. Where are you going?
hi	Hi guys, what's up?
hexose	If the asymmetric system adjoining the COH group, which is that introduced in synthesizing the hexose from the pentose, be eliminated, the formulae at disposal for the two pentoses are CH 2 (OH) - - - COH CH 2 (OH)+-- COH.
hiatus	After a three year hiatus, Simple Minds came back with a new CD.
hexapod	Two divergent views have been held as to the nature of the original hexapod stock.
hiatal	Some children seem to be more at risk for having GERD than others, particularly children who have hiatal hernia, cystic fibrosis, neurological impairment or delay, or an immature esophagus and LES.
hgv	They show photos handiwork in building passing points so HGV's can pass each other.
hibachi	Guests have a wide variety of food from which to choose, including hibachi steak, filet mignon, herb crusted salmon, shrimp scampi and grilled pork chops.
hf	A saturated solution of the gas, in water, is a colourless, oily, strongly fuming liquid which after a time decomposes, with separation of metaboric acid, leaving hydrofluoboric acid HF BF3 in solution.
hibernaculum	This project provides the first purpose-built hibernaculum for bats at Whipsnade, however, we are not relying on this alone.
hibernation	There was little hibernation in the town often called the Switzerland of America.
hibernian	In Ireland the Hibernian Bible Society (originally known as the Dublin Bible Society) was founded in 1806, and with it were federated kindred Irish associations formed at Cork, Belfast, Derry, &c. The Hibernian Bible Society, whose centenary was celebrated in 1906, had then issued a total of 5,713,837 copies.
heyday	In the heyday of his youth his high spirits and passion for adventure enabled him to surmount every obstacle with elan.
hibernate	The genus is common to the northern half of both hemispheres, and its members burrow and hibernate.
hidden	The hidden stranger lashed out at him.
hide	Carmen tried to hide her surprise.
hideous	She looked up to find both hideous beasts staring at her, drooling.
hibiscus	Use a hibiscus cutter to cut out a single flower.
hiccup	She struggled through a hiccup.
hideously	It is such a hideously ugly Car, we even have a newsletter we publish that provides us with lots of laughs.
hick	What did a country hick know about proprieties anyway?
hideousness	Whenever such sense is evoked it is only as a momentary relief to his prevailing sense of the hideousness of contemporary life, or in protest against what he regarded as the enervating influences of art.
hickory	But mixed with the oak and chestnut or higher up are considerable hickory, birch and maple; farther up the mountain sides are some hemlock and white pine; and on the swamp lands of the Coastal Plain are much cypress and some cedar, and on the Coastal Plain south of the Neuse there is much long-leaf pine from which resin is obtained.
hidalgo	Another institution is the college of San Nicolas de Hidalgo, which was.
hidebound	However, everything in life is a risk, and let's not get too hidebound about it.
hierarch	We follow the cry of King Wulfhere, holy hierarch Chad, have mercy on me!
hieratic	Her hieratic and most general form was still lioness-headed, but a popular form, especially in bronze, was a cat-headed women, often holding in her right hand a lion aegis, i.e.
hierarchical	There had never been an absence of protest against the hierarchical doctrine.
hieroglyph	Pierre knew very well what a hieroglyph was, but dared not speak.
hieroglyphic	The decorative value of hieroglyphic was fully appreciated in Egypt.
hierarchy	The hierarchy of dukes and marquises and counts consisted of foreign soldiers imposed on.
hierophant	The final act of the cult, the exaltation of the fig, with which Reinach compares the exaltation of the ear of corn by the hierophant at the Eleusinian mysteries, was performed by the sycophant.
hieroglyphics	There are rows of hieroglyphics on the sides and over the central design.
higher	He loved to climb hills, the higher the better.
highest	Virgil is spoken of in the highest terms in ii.
hiding	Alex had been hiding more than a father.
highbrow	Also notable are frou-frou game boutiques such as New York's highbrow gaming salon Multimedia 1.0.
highball	Cracker 5cl cranberry juice 5cl pineapple juice 5cl passion-fruit juice 5cl grapefruit juice lemonade Fill a highball with ice.
highlight	Feeding and harnessing the cantankerous mules wasn't exactly the highlight of her day.
highlander	The highlander and viking, products of the valleys raised high amid the mountains or half-drowned in the sea, are everywhere of kindred spirit.
highflyer	Pot-8-os was the sire of Waxy (1790) out of Maria (1777) by Herod out of Lisette (1772) by Snap. Waxy, who has been not inaptly termed the ace of trumps in the Stud'-Book, begat Whalebone (1807), Web (1808), Woful (1809), Wire (1811), Whisker (1812), and Waxy Pope (1806), all but the last being out of Penelope (1798) by Trumpator (1782) from Prunella (1788) by Highflyer out of Promise by Snap, while Waxy Pope was out of Prunella, dam of Parasol (1800) by Pot-8-os.
highlighter	Using the system will take trial and error, but once you've discovered the best technique for your face, the application of foundation, blush, and highlighter shouldn't take more than a few minutes.
highness	The chief of Dhrangadra, who bears the title of Raj Sahib, with the predicate of His Highness, is head of the ancient clan of Jhala Rajputs, who are said to have entered Kathiawar from Sind in the 8th century.
highland	He came of old Highland families on both sides.
highwayman	The story also has a highwayman called Lord Tom.
hike	Joseph, smiling for the first time in Dean's memory, said he and Ginger planned to walk about town and perhaps hike up to the nearby Box Canyon waterfall.
hijack	The plot involves mysterious aliens who infiltrate the Enterprise and hijack ... well, Spock's brain.
hijacking	Companies House have recently introduced measures to prevent corporate identity theft or so called ' Company Hijacking ' .
hiker	Reminded of Pumpkin Green, he wondered where the young hiker had spent the cool night.
hilariously	When he's not doing hilariously awful James Cagney impressions he's being a mad scientist or coming up with the worst of ideas.
hill	She climbed the hill with dragging steps.
hilarious	What hilarious prank had been planned at my expense?
hillbilly	I'm just a poor hillbilly.
highlands	The source of the river is in the highlands of the Vindhyas, upwards of 2000 ft.
highway	What highway was the drop on?
hilarity	This is a dinner party style where honored guests give speeches or tell stories with great hilarity, sarcasm and just a hint of bite.
hillfort	The hillfort encompasses the entirety of the hilltop, creating a roughly triangular area.
hilltop	In some lights, viewed even from a hilltop, it is of a vivid green next the shore.
hillock	Go up the hillock and you'll see.
hilary	The Latin West was scarcely less productive; it is enough to mention Hilary of Poitiers, Ambrose of Milan, Augustine of Hippo, Leo of Rome, Jerome, Rufinus, and a father lately restored to his place in patristic literature, Niceta of Remesiana.'
him	They could not give him any help.
himself	He smiled to himself, enjoying the game they always played.
highly	I am glad Mr. Anagnos thinks so highly of me as a teacher.
himyarite	The other, which has been often edited,' is an account of a severe persecution which the Himyarite Christians of Najran in south-west Arabia underwent in 523, at the hands of the king of Yemen.
hilt	One of his hands rested on the hilt of his sword.
hilum	Starch exists, in the majority of cases, in the form of grains, which are composed of stratified layers arranged around a nucleus or hilum.
hinder	He will not hinder anything useful nor allow anything harmful.
himation	A woman's head was usually covered by drawing up the iµaTCov (see above), but sometimes instead of this, a separate piece of cloth was made to perform this service, the end of it falling over the himation.
hindi	He now translated the whole of the New Testament into Hindi also, and into Persian twice.
hillside	Diamantina is built partly on a steep hillside overlooking a small tributary of the Rio Jequitinhonha (where diamond-washing was once carried on), and partly on the level plain above.
hin	The hin show wagerworks finalized its blasting the tv through keystroke cadence.
hilly	The surface of the township is generally hilly and rocky.
high	Her instincts on high alarm, she met Xander's gaze.
hindmost	The first is generally composed of three nerves, the hindmost of which, the furcalis, issues in most birds between the last two lumbo-sacral vertebrae, and then divides, one half going to the crural, the other to the sciatic portions.
hindrance	There was, of course, no hindrance to a man having more than one job.
hindsight	Hindsight bias was twice the size in the participants who saw the animation than in the participants who were shown diagrams.
hindoo	The Pilgrimage of Tender Conscience, the Pilgrimage of Good Intent, the Pilgrimage of Seek Truth, the Pilgrimage of Theophilus, the Infant Pilgrim, the Hindoo Pilgrim, are among the many feeble copies of the great original.
hind	The bear cried out and stood on its hind legs, bawling at him.
hindustani	Persian, after being itself transformed by Arabic, has in its turn largely influenced all west Asiatic Moslem literature from Hindustani to Turkish.
hinge	By this hinge one valve is closely fitted to the other.
hinduism	Hinduism was the state religion, and the number of Buddhists was very small.
hingeless	What made them exceptional was their hingeless, rimless Grilamid TR90 frame.
hindquarters	The forelegs should be straight and strong and the hindquarters moderately angulated with well turned stifles.
hipped	Steep hipped Swithland slate roofs with deep eaves and hipped dormers.
hinterland	The hinterland of Liberia has been but slightly explored for mineral wealth.
hinged	She took the tin from his hand and opened its hinged lid.
hippocampus	They have a large hippocampus, the part of the brain that stores mental maps.
hippie	Is it banal to dress up as a 1965 hippie?
hindu	The rapid and amazing success of the Mahratta confederation rendered it the largest Hindu power that ever existed in India.
hippocampal	Hippocampal atrophy is usually the most common finding in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy who are surgically treated.
hippopotamus	In the rivers are rhinoceros, hippopotamus and crocodile.
hint	Brennan offered a hint of information.
hippodrome	The modern hippodrome is more for equestrian and other displays than for horse racing.
hippo	In 725 Luidprand purchased and removed to Pavia the body of St Augustine of Hippo from Cagliari, whither it had been brought in the 6th century by the exiled bishop of Hippo.
hippocratic	It is here that the real continuation and development of Hippocratic medicine can be traced.
hippy	I am sorry if this makes me a wet old hippy.
hirsutism	Effects on sex hormones can cause hirsutism, loss of periods, acne, impotence and decreased libido.
his	Nurturing was in his personality.
hireling	There was not one hireling there.
hipster	Hipster panties are low-rise panties that are often cut slightly higher than boy shorts, but they can be done in longer lengths or cut higher on the leg, too.
hip	You need some hip boots.
hispanic	Maria was a wee bird of a woman—probably a teenager, Hispanic, and even shorter than Cynthia, who barely topped five feet.
hiss	Kris's sigh of aggravation came out as a hiss.
histamine	The document concludes that a large number of food products exceeded the government maximum permitted limit of histamine, a biogenic amine, a biogenic amine.
histidine	Deprotonation of the cysteine sulfhydryl by an adjacent histidine residue is followed by nucleophilic attack of the cysteine S on the peptide carbonyl carbonyl carbon.
hire	He had to hire someone for the job.
hired	You're a guest, not a hired hand.
histogram	Thus, every 3D histogram can be turned into a smoothed surface.
hist	For the Latin translations see Teuffel-Schwabe, Hist.
histological	From them are developed two distinct types of histological elements; the genital cells and the cnidoblasts or mothercells of the nematocysts.
histology	The histology was reported as showing moderate chronic cholecystitis.
historian	The next appearance of the historian made a deeper impression.
historic	And so it is with the purpose of historic characters and nations.
historical	I see us today in a situation like those historical ones.
histolysis	It is believed also that they secrete bactericidal substances and ferments which bring about the liquefaction of the fibrin and the damaged tissues - histolysis - and thus assist the process of absorption.
histopathological	Here we analyze the prognostic relevance of histopathological grading and the immunohistochemical detection of p53 and p21/WAF1.
histogenesis	This process can therefore only be looked on as a secondary one that hastens and perfects the destruction necessary to permit of the accompanying histogenesis.
historicity	They shall mix equally with Brahmans and beggars, with the 1 The historicity of this convention, not now usually admitted by scholars, is maintained by Bishop Copleston of Calcutta in his I Buddhism, Primitive and Present (1908).
histopathology	Research was also carried on and included bacteriology, histopathology, and, later, biochemistry.
history	Is there some history I should know about?
historiography	A second type of Arabian historiography is that in which an author combines the different traditions about one occurrence into one continuous narrative, but prefixes a statement as to the lines of authorities used and states which of them he mainly follows.
hit	A train hit their car.
histrionic	There remains to be noted the incursion of amateurs into the histrionic realm.
hither	God has brought us hither to consider the work we may do in the world as well as at home.
historicism	Rejecting historicism it had a desire to enhance the competitiveness of German products, many of its patrons had English contacts.
histrionics	He's such an effective player, he doesn't need the histrionics.
historically	Of their origin nothing is historically known.
hitch	Then they would have to hitch them back up again.
historiographer	In any case there is no ground for the old theory that he was an official historiographer.
hive	The beekeeper opens the lower part of the hive and peers in.
hitchhiker	What is the name of the ' paranoid android ' in Douglas Adams's ' Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy?
hms	The amphibious Ready Group is normally based around specialist amphibious shipping, most notably HMS OCEAN, the largest ship in the fleet.
hnd	Instead of large continuous areas, in which local characteristics sometimes blend, it occupies widely dissevered territories in which specialization, intensified by long se1/2aration, hai mostly effaced the possibility of comparing species hnd even genera and compels us to seek for points of contact in groups of a higher order.
hoarsely	Brady asked hoarsely, stopping beside Elise.
hoarfrost	As a result with the sky clearing near dusk there was heavy hoarfrost.
hoarder	Don't try to change a hoarder's mind about the reason for his compulsions or try to throw away or give away his collections; it will only make him want to push you away.
hoarding	Treatment for hoarding is a lengthy process.
hoarseness	These can include a runny nose, cough, congestion, hoarseness, conjunctivitis, and fever.
hoard	A large hoard of coins was found here in 1891.
hoax	In November 1942, a cruel hoax was played upon the Camp.
hoar	Hoar, were prominent in the later history of the country.
hoary	It has clusters of blue flowers and hoary leaves.
hob	The newly fitted kitchen has a dishwasher, microwave, ceramic hob, electric oven, fridge with freezer compartment.
hobgoblin	Vulgar materialism sneers at the problem; duty is a fraud or hobgoblin, a mere superstition.
ho	For the chronology before the year ho of the Flight Wagidi did his best, but here, the material being defective, many of his conclusions are precarious.
hoard	A large hoard of coins was found here in 1891.
hoarding	Treatment for hoarding is a lengthy process.
hoarfrost	As a result with the sky clearing near dusk there was heavy hoarfrost.
hoarder	Don't try to change a hoarder's mind about the reason for his compulsions or try to throw away or give away his collections; it will only make him want to push you away.
hoar	Hoar, were prominent in the later history of the country.
hoarsely	Brady asked hoarsely, stopping beside Elise.
hoarse	His face was red, his voice hoarse from shouting.
hoarseness	These can include a runny nose, cough, congestion, hoarseness, conjunctivitis, and fever.
hoary	It has clusters of blue flowers and hoary leaves.
hoax	In November 1942, a cruel hoax was played upon the Camp.
hob	The newly fitted kitchen has a dishwasher, microwave, ceramic hob, electric oven, fridge with freezer compartment.
hobble	It would be easier for them to hobble to town with a broken leg than with a broken pantaloon.
hobbit	Tolkien's plans with respect to the MiddleEarth universe he created in both the Hobbit and the Lord of the Rings weren't so easy to codify.
hobby	You guys are my hobby; keeping you informed and safe.
hobgoblin	Vulgar materialism sneers at the problem; duty is a fraud or hobgoblin, a mere superstition.
hock	When she recognized the deer hock in her hand, she dropped it.
hobo	Hobo bags are easy to carry and hold a variety of all your girly accessories.
hockey	Among other tools, they found one that looked like a hockey puck with a sharp blade.
hocus	Starred with Bette Midler and Kathy Najimy in Hocus Pocus in 1992.
hod	This scholar in a brochure published in 1852 produced evidence from the exchequer accounts and the court rolls of the manor of Wakefield showing that a Robyn Hod and a Robertus Hood were living in this reign.
hodge	Dr Park's sermon, The Theology of the Intellect and that of the Feelings, delivered in 1850 before the convention of the Congregational ministers of Massachusetts, and published in the Bibliotheca sacra of July 1850, was the cause of a long and bitter controversy, metaphysical rather than doctrinal, with Charles Hodge.
hodograph	If a point be in motion in any orbit and with any velocity, and if, at each instant, a line be drawn from a fixed point parallel and equal to the velocity of the moving point at that instant, the extremities of these lines will lie on a curve called the hodograph.
hog	I was thinking that we should share all this — not hog it all to ourselves.
hoe	The telephone rang and she dropped the hoe, racing for the house.
hogg	The model institution was that of Mr Quintin Hogg (1880) in Regent Street, where a striking statue by George Frampton (1906) commemorates him.
hogan	Brooke was always one of the main storylines in the Hogan Knows Best series.
hogback	St Michael's church has traces of structures more than a thousand years old, including an ancient hogback tombstone.
hogmanay	Good to see them again, we had a fairly laid-back time, including staying in for Hogmanay watching movies.
hogshead	A refill hogshead has left this the color of apple nectar.
hohenstaufen	The disorder in Germany after the fall of the Hohenstaufen afforded an opportunity for Rudolph to increase his possessions.
hohenzollern	The Wilibaldsburg, built on a neighbouring hill in the 14th century by Bishop Bertold of Hohenzollern, was long the residence of the prince bishops of Eichstatt, and now contains an historical museum.
holarctic	This cannot apparently be done for insects or foi birds; Newton accordingly unites the two into the Holarctic region.
hold	Can you hold things down for two weeks?
hokum	It was pure theater by a master and you could see it as marvelously sincere and spontaneous or absolute hokum.
hoist	They asked if he was injured and assured him they'd hoist him up to the road.
holdall	Dimensions 7'3 x 12 £ 59.99 JRC Cocoon holdall - 12ft fully padded holdall.
holden	In Chrismann the word dogma has superseded the word article ; Holden uses both, though article has the preponderance.
holder	When feudal possessions, instead of being purely personal, were vested in the families of the holder after the death of Charlemagne, Tournai was specially assigned to Baldwin of the Iron Arm by [[Charles (disambiguation)|Charles Knights Jousting With Cronells On Tt-Tfir Lances]].
holdfast	The hollow holdfast of furbelows, covered in suction pads.
holdout	That illogical, immature holdout still blamed him for winning her love before he told her.
holdover	As a consequence of these revisions, transfers into and out of trusts will potentially be eligible for capital gains tax holdover relief.
hole	He comes in through a hole in the floor.
holiday	The holiday weekend passed pleasantly.
holiness	She is one of our own who attained great holiness.
hollander	This he now endeavoured to embody in Der fliegende Hollander, for which he designed a libretto quite independent of any other treatment of the legend.
holistic	In short, we suggest that a more holistic approach to the evaluation of these packages is needed.
holding	This time there would be no holding back.
holler	Find yourself another sitter to boss and holler at!
hollowness	With the melting of the ice the more daring spirits dashed into the new current with such ardour that for them all traditions, all institutions, were thrown into hotchpot; even elderly and sober physicians took enough of the infection to liberate their minds, and, in the field of the several diseases and in that of post-mortem pathology, the hollowness of classification by superficial resemblance, the transitoriness of forms, and the flow of processes, broke upon the view.
holland	The king's attitude secured for him the good will and affection of a people, loyal by tradition to the house of Orange, and the revolutionary disturbances of 1848 found no echo in Holland.
hollow	The blue-bird makes her nest in a hollow tree and her eggs are blue.
hollyhock	Sometimes the anther has a single cavity, and becomes unilocular, or monothecal, or dimidiate, either by the disappearance of the partition between the two lobes, or by the abortion of one of its lobes, as in Styphelia laeta and Althaea officinalis (hollyhock).
holly	The green holly might be planted FIG.
holm	In the rock of Dore Holm is a natural archway, 70 ft.
holocene	Currently, many regions seem to lie midway between Holocene extremes.
holocaust	Griffin then earned a two-year suspended prison sentence for his views on the Holocaust.
hologram	The fabric is made in a stunning hologram style, so you are sure to capture a lot of attention!
holography	The image was acquired using electron holography in a field emission gun transmission electron microscope.
hollywood	You still working the Hollywood circuit?
holster	Pulling the cell phone from the holster on her side, she called Felipa.
hols	This will go down as one of my best ski hols since I started skiing some 15 years ago.
holt	British Waterways has constructed an otter holt from logs to encourage otters to return to the canal for breeding.
homage	The gift was an homage of the heart.
homebound	You must be homebound, or normally unable to leave home or it takes considerable effort.
home	Daddy went home to sleep.
homburg	Among the blockhouses was one which by various enlargements and refoundations grew into the well-known Saalburg fort on the Taunus near Homburg.
homeland	This area was homeland to a civilization dating back to the time of Christ.
homelessness	The health risks posed by homelessness are also incontrovertible.
homeless	She was a homeless girl – kind of put me in mind of you.
homeliness	Her own life was by choice, and as far as her position would admit, one of almost austere simplicity and homeliness; and her subjects were proud of a royalty which involved none of the mischiefs of caprice or ostentation, but set an example alike of motherly sympathy and of queenly dignity.
homelike	His pale and mud-stained face--fair and young, with a dimple in the chin and light-blue eyes--was not an enemy's face at all suited to a battlefield, but a most ordinary, homelike face.
homely	Wow, that is one homely kid.
homeopath	I have also taken my son regularly to see a homeopath.
homeopathy	If picking a homeopath out of a haystack seems a little overwhelming, you can always ask your traditional primary care physician about the field of homeopathy and their thoughts on a doctor.
holy	Is this a holy place?
homer	She is rarely mentioned in Homer, nor is she included amongst the Olympian gods.
homeopathic	The hospitals and charitable institutions include St Vincent's Orphan Asylum, the Lathrop Memorial (for children of working mothers), Albany City Hospital, the Homeopathic Hospital, St Peter's Hospital, the Albany City Orphan Asylum and the House of the Good Shepherd.
homeric	This advantage, recalled by an old though erroneous 1 Servus is not cognate with servare, as has often been supposed; it is really related to the Homeric E'lpepos and the verb Etpw, with which the Latin sero is to be connected.
homesick	He says she is homesick.
homespun	It is certainly a good way to keep in line with the feeling of the holiday by sharing some homespun cooking.
homesickness	An unwelcome feeling of homesickness clutched at her heart.
homewards	The Heptameron, constructed, as its name indicates, on the lines of the Decameron of Boccaccio, consists of seventy-two short stories told to each other by a company of ladies and gentlemen who are stopped in the journey homewards from Cauterets by the swelling of a river.
homeward	Of the homeward course various accounts are given.
homestead	But soon my homestead was out of their sight and thought.
homicidal	Tina did not know her date was a wanted killer and prone to sudden homicidal violence.
homey	There was dark grey and sterility in the absence of anything remotely friendly, homey, or welcoming.
homiletic	He was an extremely precocious lad, and before he was ten had written several Latin odes, a history of the Jews and a series of homiletic outlines.
homicide	Juries would not punish homicide with severity.
homiletics	The formation during recent years of such lectureships as the Lyman Beecher course at Yale University has resulted in increased attention being given to homiletics, and the published volumes of this series are the best contribution to the subject.
homily	The activity of his life left him little time for writing, but he was the author of an anaphora, sundry letters, a creed or confession of faith, preserved in Arabic and a secondary Ethiopic translation, and a homily for the Feast of the Annunciation, also extant only in an Arabic translation (Wright).
homilist	He published some 200 sermons, in most of which are displayed unobtrusive learning, fresh application of old sayings, and a high conception of Judaism and its claims. Jellinek was a powerful apologist and an accomplished homilist, at once profound and ingenious.
homing	Along with the Quaker poet's homing sense and passion for liberty of body and soul, religion and patriotism are the dominant notes of his song.
homework	Yes. You helped me with my homework a lot.
homo	Dad, the only thing Denton and I have in common is that we're both Homo Sapiens.
homoeopathic	It has a public library, which has belonged to the township since 1857; and here are the Lyman School for Boys, a state industrial institution (opened in 1886 and succeeding a state reform school opened in 1846), and the Westboro Insane Hospital (homoeopathic, 1884), which is under the general supervision of the State Board of Insanity.
homogeneity	When the lines are obtained under circumstances which tend towards sharpness and homogeneity they are often found to possess complicated structures, single lines breaking up into two or more components of varying intensities.
homogenetic	But since the general adoption of the theory of evolution, similarity of descent, that is of p/iylogeny, has come to form an essential part of this conception; in other words, in order that their homology may be established the parts compared must be proved to be homogenetic.
homogeneous	The people who finally abandoned the mainland and took their priests with them are the people who made the Venetian republic. But they were not as yet a homogeneous population.
homogeny	One point must not be omitted, namely, the homogeny of the endostyle of Amphioxus and the thyroid gland of Craniata.
homologous	By Haeckel they are considered homologous with the umbrella of a medusa.
homology	Although the name of continent was not applied to large portions of land for any physical reasons, it so happens that there is a certain physical similarity or homology between them which is not shared by the smaller islands or peninsulas.
homologue	This last tube is probably the homologue of Laurer's canal (Goto, 8).
homomorphism	This defines a natural homomorphism of C into the symmetric group of degree n.
homonym	You should be very careful about mixing up a homonym and homophone in your test.
homophone	Julie would have aced her quiz if she hadn't mixed up a homonym with a homophone.
homophonic	Accordingly, Palestrina and his great contemporaries and predecessors treated the Gloria and Credo in a style midway in polyphonic organization and rhythmic breadth between that of the elaborate motet (adopted in the Sanctus) and the homophonic reciting style of the Litany.
homopterous	Both Heteropterous and Homopterous genera have been described from the Carboniferous, but the true nature of some of these is doubtful.
homosexual	The season finales for Grey's Anatomy are always talked about with themes such as a previously straight character turning to a homosexual relationship and two favorite characters flatlining.
homosexuality	While other movies and television shows have featured gay characters, this was the first mainstream movie to deal with all the heartache and emotion surrounding the taboo of homosexuality in the 1960s.
homozygote	The profound lack of circulating a1-antitrypsin predisposes the Z a1-antitrypsin homozygote to early onset emphysema.
hone	Death is the only definite, and so it's the first vision you see until you hone your skills.
hon	Hon, this is important.
honestly	Honestly, I don't know whether I can or not.
honesty	Carmen was all about honesty and innocence.
honeycomb	The famous caves of Beit Jibrin honeycomb the hills all round.
honeydew	They live a gay life, flitting from flower to flower, sipping the drops of honeydew, without a thought for the morrow.
honeyed	Xander's honeyed growl was low and rich.
hong	The analysis of the Hong Kong flora indicates that about threefifths of the species are common to the Indian region, and nearly all the remainder are either Chinese or local forms. The number of species common to southern China, Japan and northern Asia is small.
honeysuckle	We walked down the path to the well-house, attracted by the fragrance of the honeysuckle with which it was covered.
honest	His honest answer silenced her.
honk	A honk from behind drew their attention.
honey	She tasted like honey, and he reveled in the warmth of her body, her hot mouth.
honor	When the rich believe the poor will not honor property rights.
honorably	It was bold policy to confide Frederick to his greatest enemy and rival; but the pope honorably discharged his duty, until his ward outgrew the years of tutelage, and became a fair mark for ecclesiastical hostility.
honorable	We will have ended war with an honorable peace.
honorarium	A deputy receives an annual honorarium of 4000 francs and a railway pass.
honour	His recall was greatly to his honour.
honeymoon	I won't interfere with any honeymoon plans?
honorific	They even speak of the tiger with honorific titles.
honorary	He retired with the honorary rank of colonel in 1880.
honourably	The Russian difficulty was more easily and more honourably adjusted.
hons	The hon was the usual small standard; by 8 vases which have contents stated in hons (8, 12, 20, 22, 33, 40) the mean is 29.2 cub.in.
hoodlum	I guess if they did, his hoodlum pals gave him an alibi.
hoodie	He was wearing a hoodie and dressed in black, including gloves.
hooded	He was wearing a hooded sweat shirt and gloves.
honourable	His literary and scientific reputation speedily brought him honourable recognition.
hoodoo	And where better than Germany to end England's penalty hoodoo?
hoodwink	Most places that proclaim We speak English will likely hoodwink you for your cash and give you sub-standard food.
hood	She yanked his hood off.
hoof	Within seconds the one hoof was visible again and the doe was screaming in agony.
hoofed	As instances of such combinations, some of the (probably herbivorous) Eocene monkeys with arboreal limbs have teeth so difficult to distinguish from those of the herbivorous ground-living Eocene horses with cursorial limbs that at first in France and also in America they were both classed with the hoofed animals.
hookah	Downstairs a quartet of Australians were smoking a hookah.
hook	I caught fish with hook and line and pole.
hooky	Tom is living in the house of his Aunt Polly with the irritating Sid, who turns him in for playing hooky from school.
hooligan	And the guy is no mindless hooligan like his follower.
hooked	Winston hooked a leg around a chair and sat.
hooker	I flirted like a hooker and goaded him into discussing all those sordid confessions he'd be hearing.
hoop	They decide to try leaping through a flaming hoop.
hooper	The key to his character is well given in what Hooper said of him in a letter to Bullinger, that he was too fearful about what might happen to him.
hoopoe	The lapwing's conspicuous crest seems to have been the cause of a common blunder among English writers of the middle ages, who translated the Latin word Upupa, property hoopoe, by lapwing, as being the crested bird with which they were best acquainted.
hoopla	It is possible that the media hoopla warned people.
hooray	Hooray for working out with passion, right?
hoots	Became a bit of a carpet salesman, myself... This brought hoots of derision from some of his listeners.
hoot	I don't give a hoot what he looks like.
hooter	And then that old factory hooter sounded and the French knocked off.
hooves	And then she heard the drum of hooves behind her.
hoover	In 1920 Mr. Hoover was mentioned as a possible candidate for president.
hop	Hop on my back and I'll take you across.
hopeful	He opened the passenger door with a hopeful smile.
hopelessly	Dorvad the lazy mate hopelessly missed his Queen Sinthee.
hopeless	I feel so hopeless when I can't help her.
hopelessness	I have often cried out loud in sheer misery at the hopelessness of life, my life.
hopping	I'll be right back, she said, hopping up.
hopper	The coal is dropped into a hopper by a grab.
hope	I hope you like it.
horary	The explanation of this seeming anomaly is to be found in the primitive destination of the animals to the purposes of an horary zodiac.
hopscotch	Teach them how to play hopscotch or tic tac toe.
horde	One bad plague or invading horde would leave pretty much everyone starving.
horatian	He was supported by Ben Jonson, who has some fine Horatian epistles in his Forests (1616) and his Underwoods.
horehound	Among indigenous shrubs and vines are the blackberry, dewberry, strawberry, yellow jasmine, mistletoe and poisonoak; and among medicinal herbs are horehound, ginger and peppermint.
horizontally	Horizontally stratified tableland.
horizontality	He argued also in favour of the original horizontality of sedimentary deposits.
hopefully	Hopefully they would come visit sometime.
horizon	The sun peeked over the desert horizon to the east.
horn	Somewhere in the distance a horn honked.
hormonal	However, it sounds as tho your poor old auntie may have some similar hormonal problem.
hornbill	He leads it to within meters of the trumpeter hornbill.
horizontal	A boiler with horizontal sections is shown in fig.
hornblende	The commonest hornblende is dark brown barkevicite.
hornbeam	In north and central Franee the chief trees are the oak, the beech, rare south of the Loire, and the hornbeam; less important varieties are the birch, poplar, ash, elm and walnut.
horned	Cattle-breeding is probably the most lucrative branch of stock-farming, the country being pre-eminently adapted for horned cattle.
hornet	The Essex and Hornet were not in company.
horner	The site of Ripon was purchased in 1838 by John Scott Horner (1802-1883), of Virginia, secretary and acting-governor of Michigan Territory in 1835, and the first secretary of Wisconsin Territory in 1836-37, who named the village when it was established in 1849 from the seat of his ancestors in Yorkshire.
hormone	The pituitary also produces ACTH and growth hormone, which have significant metabolic effects.
hornpipe	Cinema-goers in Oxford cheered when the result was flashed on the screens, and fans danced a hornpipe of delight at Carfax.
hornless	Hornless rhinoceroses, with five fronttoes, ranging from the Oligocene to the Lower Pliocene in Europe, represent the genus Aceratherium, which may also occur in America, as it certainly does in India.
horological	A horological conservator will advise on the care of clock cases.
horologist	Born at Foulby in Yorkshire, this English horologist invented the first practical marine chronometer.
horology	The AHS brings together those who share a common interest in antiquarian horology ranging from the earliest timepieces to 20th century mechanisms.
horoscope	Stop by today to get your free daily horoscope!
horrendous	A hollow tearing sound was followed by a horrendous crash outside the kitchen window.
horribly	His enemies in the army, chiefly the horsemen, reached Syracuse before him, plundered his house, and horribly maltreated his wife.
horrendously	The fight scenes were horrendously fake and it seemed that the green screen art was rushed.
horrible	It was turning out to be a horrible day.
horrific	The idea of bringing a new life into such a horrific world made her feel sick.
horrifying	I just had the most horrifying day of my life!
horror	It looks like something out of a horror movie.
horrid	Get out of here you horrid thing!
horse	The horse stood still.
horseback	Men on horseback were riding in haste toward the front.
horseflesh	Pierre went up to the fire, ate some roast horseflesh, lay down with his back to the fire, and immediately fell asleep.
horsemanship	To early training he also owed the skilful horsemanship for which he was conspicuous.
horsehair	According to Sharp, all Dermestid larvae probably feed on dried animal matters; he mentions one species that can find sufficient food in the horsehair of furniture, and another that eats the dried insect-skins hanging in old cobwebs.
horseman	Sam was an excellent horseman - possibly as good as Alex.
horseplay	But in private he indulged in horseplay and very coarse immorality.
horsepower	The unit produced 34 brake horsepower at 4350 rpm.
horseshoe	On the heavy horseshoe foot is a column carrying the stage.
horsewoman	Queen Elizabeth is reputed to have been an accomplished horsewoman, and to have indulged in riding late in life.
horst	His inability to handle a steed were obviously when he could not make the horst stop running.
horticultural	Purdue University's horticultural department provides background information and a nutritional chart on mangosteen fruit for those who wish to examine the exact nutritional makeup of the fruit.
hortatory	The Hortatory Address to the Greeks is an appeal to them to give up the worship of their gods, and to devote themselves to the worship of the one living and true God.
horticulturist	Many alterations in form, size, number and adhesion of parts are due to the art of the horticulturist.
horticulture	The treatment in horticulture of the peach and nectarine is the same in every respect.
hosanna	The ceremony begins with the singing by the choir of the anthem Hosanna Filio David; the collect follows; then the singing of a lesson from Exodus xv.
hospice	In 1870 a hospice for poorer pilgrims was erected.
hose	I'm leaving my black hose at home.
hosepipe	On warm summer days, the kids would get out the shampoo and hosepipe and he'd soon be a very bedraggled doggie indeed.
hosiery	The spinning and weaving of cotton and the manufacture of hosiery, of both of which Troyes is the centre, are the main industries of the department; there are also a large number of distilleries, tanneries, oil works, tile and brick works, flour-mills, saw-mills and dyeworks.
hospitable	They are hospitable to people of their own caste, but to no others.
hospitably	In Virgil he receives Aeneas hospitably, and assists him against Turnus.
hospitality	The buildings devoted to hospitality were divided into three groups.
hospitaller	At Marienburg the grand master maintained a magnificent court; round him were the five great dignitaries of the Order, the Grand Commander, the Marshal, the Hospitaller, the Treasurer (Tressler) and the Keeper of the Wardrobe (Trapier) to see to the clothing of the Order.
hospital	When they arrived at the hospital, Alex was pacing.
hospitalization	In some cases, treating mental illness requires hospitalization.
hostess	Martha, always the caring hostess, finally went upstairs and chased Quinn from his quarters, freeing up the now-dismantled lab room.
hostage	He.s taken a human hostage, and we need to know where she is.
hostel	Aberdare Hall is a hostel for the women students.
hostelry	Afterward, visit a local hostelry where you can relax beside a roaring fire.
host	Behind him walked his host and hostess.
hot	Sunday dawned a sunny hot July day.
hotbed	It is an unlovely place, surrounded by mud flats, and a hotbed of malaria.
hostile	Dulce wasn't friendly, but she wasn't hostile either.
hostility	The hostility in his voice and expression was unnerving.
hotelier	He retired after playing more than 500 career games, and became a successful hotelier in his native Cumbria.
hothouse	The Cereuses include some of our most interesting and beautiful hothouse plants.
hotly	It was on all sides hotly attacked.
hotel	Well, if they turn you out, we'll just get a room at a hotel in Bartlesville.
hotshot	Jason finally learned that Crystal and most of her in-bred kin in Hotshot were werepanthers.
hough	Hough, Papers relating to the Island of Nantucket.
hotspur	Northumberland and Hotspur barred their way at Millfield, near Wooler, and the Scots were compelled to fight at Humbledon, or Homildon Hill, on the 14th of September.
hottentot	He came to England in 1836, in company with a Kaffir convert and a Hottentot convert, and aroused public opinion against the Cape government.
houri	Of course you no longer resemble the gazelle-like houri I married in a rash moment and haven't screwed for seven years.
hound	The whine of a straggling hound could be heard.
hourglass	In the same and the following years he published a collected edition of his Plays for an Irish Theatre, comprising Where There is Nothing, The HourGlass, Cathleen ni Houlihan, The Pot of Broth, The King's Threshold and On Baile's Strand.
houseboat	She still has a houseboat in the city which she was planning to sell.
hourly	All I can say is that I am not in torture; but I daily and hourly expect it.
housebreak	The faster you housebreak your puppy, the easier life will be.
housebreaking	Attempting to teach your pet to relieve himself in several places is only going to confuse him and make successful housebreaking more difficult.
hour	We just got back about an hour ago.
house	A house without children is not a home.
houseful	If you have a houseful of athletes, then you may want to choose bold colors.
householder	Not every householder is listed, as there was widespread evasion.
houseguest	For the first few weeks every houseguest played as part of a pair.
housekeeper	It was as if I had left a cheerful housekeeper behind.
houseleek	Cobweb Houseleek (Sempervivum Arachnoideum) - One of the most singular of alpine plants, with tiny rosettes of fleshy leaves covered at the top with a thick white down, which intertwines itself all over the leaves like a spiders web.
housemaid	Richer homes would have a housemaid to do this work.
housemaster	Luke Welch leaves to become a housemaster at More House School in Surrey which specializes in children who have difficulties associated with dyslexia.
housekeeping	In the intermediate and secondary departments there is a choice of six courses; general, teaching, farming, toolwork, housekeeping and household arts and business.
houseplant	Houseplant occasional roadie whose haircut looked like Howard Jones ' houseplant.
household	Oswulf was slain by his household at a place called Mechil Wongtun in 759.
housewares	This covers books, music, movies, electronics, housewares, and more.
housewife	She'd make some man a nice housewife one day.
housewarming	Popular occasions for giving a book full of favorite recipes are wedding showers or housewarming parties.
housework	Housework was a pleasant pastime.
hove	The gap between the two ends has now to be closed by splicing on new cable and paying out until the buoyed end is reached, which is then hove up and brought on board.
hovel	The family lives in a rat-infested, decrepit hovel.
hover	This time the brows lowered to hover over brooding eyes.
hovercraft	Do you need a license to use a hovercraft?
housing	Housing is a huge industry that will reward innovative products.
howdy	So I went out to say howdy and see what news they would bring armed of course.
however	However, there were many challenges.
howe	From Cape Howe to Melbourne the fall may be taken at from 30 in.
how	How did you know you loved him?
howl	He cupped his hand to her ear so she could hear over the howl of the rising wind.
howitzer	Part of it is now used as the headquarters of the 4th Welsh (Howitzer) Brigade R.F.A.
howler	Yeah, Bibi is annoying and the PTS is a real howler, but no Bond film is without a few bobbles.
howsoever	And for the briberies and gifts wherewith I am charged, when the book of hearts shall be opened, I hope I shall not be found to have the troubled fountain of a corrupt heart in a depraved habit of taking rewards to pervert justice, howsoever I may be frail, and partake of the abuse of the times.
howling	It was a wolf howling at the full moon.
hoy	Scapa Flow contains several good anchorages, the best being Longhope in the island of Hoy.
hq	He's at HQ, not too far from here.
hrh	November - HRH joined HMS Minerva, a Leander class frigate.
html	For example, HTML uses angle brackets to enclose HTML tags.
hubbub	While darkness had descended the town was now a hubbub of activity.
hubris	Hubris leads to the downfall of many celebrities and polititians.
hubby	All the more reason for hubby to stick around.
huck	He was descended from John Aepinus (1499-1553), the first to adopt the Greek form (aipernos) of the family name Hugk or Huck, and a leading theologian and controversialist at the time of the Reformation.
hub	Greenie's holed up in the hub trying to figure out what to do.
huckleberry	Huckleberry, blackberry and raspberry bushes are common in the north sections.
huddle	The winter storm made her want to huddle under the covers.
hued	With their colored hair, richly hued clothes and luscious, expressive lips, the women appear irresistibly dazzling.
huff	She left in a huff, and Dusty crossed his arms against Ohio's fall breeze.
huffy	How come he can get familiar and you don't get all huffy?
huge	This is just a really huge place.
hue	The rich maroon hue was mixed with a ribbon of black.
hug	She gathered it in a hug and smelled deeply of it.
hugely	The whole thing just seems quite charming, and hugely entertaining.
huguenot	The boy's mother was of Huguenot descent.
huh	Huh, I guess I hadn't thought about that.
hula	However, you can also find prints with pineapples, palm trees, dancing girls in hula skirts, crashing waves and just about anything else that conjures thoughts of tropical living!
hulking	The galley was occupied by three hulking men at a table.
hullabaloo	Find out what all the hullabaloo is all about and why this wildly inventive yet intrinsically intuitive genre of computer games has become so popular.
hulk	After being released from a prison hulk in the Thames he returned to Deeside.
human	No human could've caused this.
hull	Kris's chamber was a burnt-out hull, and he lingered for a moment, regret in his belly.
hum	She smiled and began to hum, ever so quietly.
humanely	The national sport of bull-fighting is conducted as humanely as possible, for the Portuguese are lovers of animals.
humanistic	Thus the active humanistic life, called into existence by the enthusiasm of the pope, was not without its dark side.
humanism	The new humanism agreed with the Renaissance in its unreserved recognition of the old classical world as a perfect pattern of culture.
humanitarian	They were very kind; but I could not help feeling that they spoke more from a business than a humanitarian point of view.
humanitarianism	The increase of legislation for the protection of children, lunatics and animals is a proof of the growing humanitarianism of the age.
humanist	In this Italy, and especially the renowned school of Padua, took the first step, where Giovanni De Monte (Montanus), (1498-1552), already mentioned as a humanist, gave clinical lectures on the patients in the hospital of St Francis, which may still be read with interest.
humane	Together we let a dog choose us at the local humane society.
humanize	Its aim may be described shortly as an effort to humanize theology.
humanly	Each jacket requires over 50 hours of hand sewing and includes at least three partial fittings during the construction process to ensure as close to perfect a fit as humanly possible.
humankind	God didn't create humankind on the first day or on the second day.
humanness	Much of the show's appeal comes from the humanness of the cast.
humanoid	He is one of the first humans to discover that Cylons have humanoid models.
humbug	Our friend Oz is merely a humbug wizard, for he once proved it to me.
humbly	Humbly asked Him to remove our shortcomings.
humdrum	But many people's lives do follow humdrum, dispiriting patterns because we employ too many people doing work that machines should be doing.
humble	Suarez lived a very humble and simple life.
humanity	He had little pity for humanity in general.
humdinger	Either way, it looks set fair for another absolute humdinger.
humic	In order that the phosphoric acid may be the more fully liberated by the humic acid, &c., of the earth, a little silicious sand is mixed with the still molten slag after it has been poured off from the molten steel.
humectant	Wild honey - a natural humectant with healing properties, it is also naturally bactericidal.
humeral	The flexor digitorum sublimis muscle arises fleshy from the long elastic band which extends from the inner humeral condyle along the ventral surface of the ulna to the ulnar carpal bone, over which the tendon runs to insert itself on the radial anterior side of the first phalanx of the second digit.
humerus	The humerus is stout and rather short.
humid	The day had been unusually hot and humid, and she wiped sweat from her forehead.
humidifier	The air conditioning unit is fitted with a humidifier and dehumidifier to control the relative humidity in the room.
humiliate	He wanted to humiliate me because he felt humiliated.
humidor	Tampa humidor - Tampa Humidor is the leader in providing quality cigar humidors, smoking accessories, and cigar humidors, smoking accessories, and cigars at unbelievable prices.
humiliating	She must be pretty good at humiliating people.
humiliation	Anger and humiliation boiled up inside her and spilled over in a froth of rage.
humility	It requires great humility to overcome hubris.
humming	She was humming a tune I didn't recognize.
hummer	The white Hummer limo made it up the snowy slope and slowed as it crossed the cleared cobblestone drive in front of the castle.
hummel	Beethoven's Nine Symphonies; Berlioz's Symphonie fantastique, Harold en Italie ; Benediction et Serment (Benvenuto Cellini); Danse des Sylphes (Damnation de Faust); Weber's overtures, Der Freischiitz, Euryanthe, Oberon, Jubilee; Beethoven's and Hummel's Septets; Schubert's Divertissement a la Hongroise; Beethoven's Concertos in C minor, G and E flat (orchestra for a second piano); Wagner's Tannhauser overture, march, romance, chorus of pilgrims; Lohengrin, Festzug and Brautlied, Elsa's Brautgang, Elsa's Traum, Lohengrin's Verweiss an Elsa; Fliegender Hollander, Spinnlied; Rienzi, Gebet; Rheingold, Walhall; Meistersinger, Am stillen Herd ; Tristan, Isolde's Liebestod; Chopin's six Chants Polonais; Meyerbeer's Schillermarsch; Bach's six organ Preludes and Fugues; Prelude and Fugue in G minor; Beethoven, Adelaide; 6 miscellaneous and 6 Geistliche Lieder; Liederkreis; Rossini's Les Soirees musicales; Schubert, 59 songs; Schumann, 13 songs; Mendelssohn, 8 songs; Robert Franz, 13 songs.
hummock	These include shallow pools and a well-developed hummock and lawn complex.
humidity	Throughout the year the humidity of the air is very great.
hummocky	Farther to the south-west, in the shires of Perth, Inverness and Argyll, they give place to the ordinary hummocky crested ridges of Highland scenery, which, however, in Ben Nevis and Aonach Beg reach a height of over 4000 ft.
humoral	The dominating theory of disease was the humoral, which has never since ceased to influence medical thought and practice.
hummus	I make or buy hummus and send it in wraps.
humorist	As humorist, scholar and philologist, Gigli would take a high place in the literature of any land.
humorless	He studied her face with mocking eyes, and his mouth twisted into a humorless smile.
humorously	You could say something humorously like, Hey, what's with all the questions?
humour	It was only equalled in its ill humour by his attacks on Bavaria in 1870.
humorous	He has a humorous and poetic side, too.
humor	A touch of humor came into his eyes.
humoured	The dexterous Greeks humoured him to the top of his bent.
hump	The visceral hump is low and not drawn out into a spire.
humpback	Meaning you can fish, bird watch, or enjoy a gourmet meal on the upper deck while listening to the symphony of humpback whales and calving glacier ice whenever you please.
humped	He got off on it as he dry humped her and sucked her life from her.
humus	It is covered with a thick sheet of black earth, a kind of loess, that is mixed with humus.
hun	Hope you are well Hun and good luck working with the little ankle biters!
hunch	On a hunch, she called the University of Arkansas.
hunchback	Victor Hugo also wrote The Hunchback of Notre Dame.
hundredfold	Its culms and leaves afford excellent fodder for cattle; and the grain, of which the yield in favourable situations is upwards of a hundredfold, is used for the same purposes as maize, rice, corn and other cereals.
hundredth	The timing on all four attacks was the same to the hundredth of a second.
hundred	I've told myself that a hundred times.
hung	The keys hung on the wall beside the door.
hundredweight	The paper is fed from reels placed at the two ends in decks, one above the other, each reel containing about five miles of paper, and weighing about fourteen hundredweight.
hungarian	He advocated the creation of a Hungarian port at Fiume.
hungry	If you're hungry, visit the kitchen.
hungrily	She kissed him hungrily, with the passion she felt.
hunkers	After the defeat of Governor Silas Wright in 1846, however, the Democratic party split into two hostile factions known as the Hunkers, or conservatives, and the Barnburners, or radicals.
hunky	The hunky stranger spoke to Romas's oldest brother.
hunnish	These Gurjaras appear to have entered India in connexion with the Hunnish invasions.
hunk	You are one hunk of gorgeous.
hunks	We want you to let your imagination run wild and tell us which of these hunks would look best dressed in religious garb.
hunt	They hunt at night.
hunger	He grew weak from hunger and thirst.
hunting	I enjoyed hunting with my father.
hurdle	Yes, she had crossed that last hurdle of doubt.
hunter	The great white hunter was on the prowl.
huntsman	In all but the largest establishments the kennel huntsman is generally called the feeder.
huntress	The idea of Artemis '.s a virgin goddess, the queen and huntress, chaste and fair, which obtained great prominence in early times, and seems inconsistent with her association with childbirth, is generally explained as due to her connexion with Apollo, but it is suggested by Farnell that irapOE'os originally meant unmarried, and that Apreµcs 7r-ap9Evos may have been originally the goddess of a people who had not yet the advanced Hellenic institutions of settled marriage.
hurley	Don't expect Hurley board shorts to exactly replicate that style.
hurl	They hurl insults, innuendo, and threats.
hurling	Maybe hurling big boulders - even making them change into steaming chunks of lava on the way - is more your thing.
hurrah	He gave the words of greeting, and the first regiment roared Hurrah! so deafeningly, continuously, and joyfully that the men themselves were awed by their multitude and the immensity of the power they constituted.
hurried	She hurried to her bathroom.
huron	He reached Lake Huron and Lake Ontario, but not the great lakes stretching still farther west.
hurriedly	She dressed hurriedly and grabbed her spare clothes.
hurricane	Oh, and the tropical storm will become a hurricane late Saturday night.
hurst	It reduces the breadth of the Solent to a little over 4 m., and broadens at the end, on which stands Hurst Castle, an important fortification dating from the time of Henry VIII.
hurry	Well, hurry up and wrap it.
hurtful	The Westminster Directory which superseded the Book of Common Order also enjoins interment without any ceremony, such being stigmatized as no way beneficial to the dead and many ways hurtful to the living.
husband	He was a good husband and father.
hurtle	It's a great miniature motorbike that you can actually ride and will hurtle you about the place at speeds of up to 30mph.
husbandman	The husbandman was bound to carry out the proper cultivation, raise an average crop and leave the field in good tilth.
husbandry	No crop responds more readily to careful husbandry and skilful cultivation.
hush	There was a sort of awed hush around the set.
husk	Rice in the husk is known as paddy.
husky	He gave a husky laugh at her words.
huss	The Hussite movement assumed a revolutionary character as soon as the news of the death of Huss reached Prague.
hurt	Did I hurt you?
hussar	From behind him Bondarchuk, an hussar he knew, jolted against him and looked angrily at him.
hussite	In the beginning of 1409 he concluded a treaty with Jagiello at Novogrudok for the purpose, and on the 9th cf July 1410 the combined Polish-Lithuanian forces, reinforced by Hussite auxiliaries,.
hussy	Five or six days afterward, I met the little hussy at Vauxhall in company with Goudar.
hustings	Charles Dickens writer 1835 Charles Dickens visited Exeter several times, the first to attend the hustings for the Exeter City Council elections.
hustle	Why didn't you just hustle out of town when I told you she was here?
hustler	I'm a Yiddish T-shirt maker, an educated hustler, that's all.
hutch	They are relatively placid animals and are kept in a cage, hutch or vivarium.
hyacinth	This beautiful material presents a great diversity of tints, but a rich hyacinth red is common.
hyaena	The bones of Pleistocene mammals, the rhinoceros, mammoth, bison, hyaena, &c., have been found at numerous places, often in caves and fissures in the limestones, e.g.
hut	He built him a little hut for shelter at night and in stormy weather.
hyaline	The entosternites are cartilaginous in texture, but they have neither the chemical character nor the microscopic structure of the hyaline cartilage of Vertebrates.
hybridisation	The whole region has been physically mapped to porcine chromosome 6 using in situ hybridisation.
hybridity	The city is in many ways a cultural feast, the very apotheosis of hybridity.
hybridization	Comparative genomic hybridization findings showed chromosomal imbalances in 9 of 12 cases of choriocarcinoma.
hybrid	There are now several hybrid forms.
hybridism	Many of the islanders, however, show signs of hybridism.
hydatid	Inside this wall is the special covering of the embryo which shortly becomes distended with clear hydatid fluid.
hydra	Lang [29] in Hydra and other polyps.
hydrangea	Climbing hydrangea (H. anomala petiolaris) - Originating in China and Japan, Climbing hydrangea can reach up to 60 feet, using its stems to cling to walls or other supports.
hydrant	How far is the nearest fire hydrant from your home?
hydration	On Put-in-Bay Island are some interesting hydration caves, i.e.
hydrate	Precipitated aluminium hydrate finds considerable application in dyeing.
hydrazine	Nitrogen combines with hydrogen to form ammonia, NH 3, hydrazine, N 2 H 4, and azoimide, N 3 H (qq.v.); the other known hydrides, N 4 H 4 and N5H5, are salts of azoimide, viz.
hydraulics	The LEG has been studying overland flow hydraulics and soil erosion for 25 years.
hydro	These include hydro, wind and solar power and bioenergy projects.
hydride	Boron hydride has probably never been isolated in the pure condition; on heating boron trioxide with magnesium filings, a magnesium boride Mg 3 B 2 is obtained, and if this be decomposed with dilute hydrochloric acid a very evil-smelling gas, consisting of a mixture of hydrogen and boron hydride, is obtained.
hydraulic	With Fowler's hydraulic arrangement 2000 tons are raised 600 yds.
hydrocarbon	It thus possesses the same composition as the hydrocarbon of gutta-percha and as that of oil of turpentine and other terpenes which are the chief components of essential oils.
hydrocortisone	A cream or ointment containing hydrocortisone can help reduce swelling.
hydrocephalus	The reports from his doctors speak of him having hydrocephalus.
hydrodynamic	The hydrodynamic cavitation by itself killed off 99 million out of 100 million E.coli cells in a body of water.
hydrocyanic	Ustilago, and filling a greenhouse with hydrocyanic acid gas when young insects are commencing their ravages, e.g.
hydrodynamical	Hydrodynamical methods received increased attention and the investigation of the movements of the ocean by means of physico-mathematical devices developed as a result of the older work of Bjerknes, continued chiefly by Helland-Hansen and Sandstrom.
hydroelectric	The four most common types of renewable energy are solar, wind, hydroelectric and geothermal.
hydrodynamics	His researches in hydrodynamics were highly useful for marine engineering, while the reflecting and repeating circles, as improved by him, were of great service in nautical astronomy.
hydrochloric	Iridium tetrachloride, IrC1 41 is obtained by dissolving the finely divided metal in aqua regia; by dissolving the hydroxide in hydrochloric acid; and by digesting the hydrated sesquichloride with nitric acid.
hydrofoil	Some 35 miles from Palermo in Sicily, 90 minutes by fast hydrofoil, lies the island of Ustica.
hydrofluoric	Cobalt fluoride, CoF 2.2H 2 0, is formed when cobalt carbonate is evaporated with an excess of aqueous hydrofluoric acid, separating in rose-red crystalline crusts.
hydrogenation	We know hydrogenated oils are not good to eat, but the hydrogenation process makes oils solid at room temperature and makes them hardier, so it takes longer for them to go rancid.
hydrographer	Adjoining the Maria Mitchell homestead is a memorial astronomical observatory and library, containing the collections of Miss Mitchell and of her brother, Professor Henry Mitchell (1830-1902), a distinguished hydrographer.
hydrographical	On the whole, oceanographical research was being taken up most actively in Europe, but much important work was also begun in America, for instance the fine hydrographical research in the Pacific by the Scripps Institute of the university of California.
hydrographic	It need hardly be said that hydrographic surveys have been of great service to compilers of maps.
hydrokinetics	An exactly similar expression holds good in hydrokinetics, provided that for the electric potential we substitute velocity potential, and for the electric force the velocity of the liquid.
hydrogen	The gas contains a certain amount of hydrogen and oxides of carbon, also traces of nitrogen.
hydrography	The whole question of the regime of rivers and lakes is sometimes treated under the name hydrography, a name used by some writers in the sense of marine surveying, and by others as synonymous with oceanography.
hydroid	The hydroid colony shows many variations in form and architec- ture which depend simply upon differences in the methods in which polyps are budded.
hydrological	This was important in terms of ecosystem change as the increase in hydrological heterogeneity led to rejuvenated riparian ecosystems.
hydrology	Water tracing is a technique used to investigate underground hydrology, and can provide this crucial missing information.
hydrolysis	Some appear to be glucosides of gallic acid, since they yield this acid and a sugar on hydrolysis, e.g.
hydrolytic	They are yellowish-red solids, which behave as weak bases, their salts undergoing hydrolytic dissociation in aqueous solution.
hydrolyze	Hydrolyze, which also, confusingly, goes by the name Hydroleyes, claims to be the most effective treatment against dark circles found in a bottle.
hydromedusa	The morphology of the group thus falls naturally into four sections - (I) the hydropolyp, (2) the polyp-colony, (3) the hydromedusa, (4) the medusa-colonies.
hydromechanics	For the subjects of this general heading see the articles Mechanics; Dynamics, Analytical; Gyroscope; Harmonic Analysis; Wave; HYDROMechanics; Elasticity; Motion, Laws Of; Energy; Energetics; Astronomy (Celestial Mechanics); Tide.
hydrometer	In Beck's hydrometer the zero of the scale corresponds to density 1 000 and the division 30 to density.
hydropathic	There are chalybeate springs and a hydropathic establishment in the town.
hydrophilic	Hydrophilic plastics, which contain water, are used for manufacturing soft contact lenses.
hydrophobia	He began the practice of inoculation for hydrophobia in 1885.
hydrophone	The example shown is deploying an underwater hydrophone for detecting Harbor Porpoise movements.
hydroponics	Hydroponics, or using a liquid growing medium, can be a fun winter progect.
hydroponic	The following elements make up most hydroponic growing systems.
hydroponics	Hydroponics, or using a liquid growing medium, can be a fun winter progect.
hydroquinone	All four mono-hydroxyxanthones are known, and are prepared by heating salicylic acid with either resorcin, pyrocatechin or hydroquinone; they are yellow crystalline solids, which act as dyestuffs.
hydrosphere	Lakes and rivers are important sources of freshwater in the earth's hydrosphere.
hydrostatic	In hydrostatic bearing the fluid is introduced under pressure from an external source.
hydrostatics	This mechanical axiom of the normality of fluid pressure is the foundation of the mathematical theory of hydrostatics.
hydrothermal	Cohen, who regarded the pipes as of the nature of a mud volcano, and the blue ground as a kimberlite breccia altered by hydrothermal action, thought that the diamond and accompanying minerals had been brought up from deep-seated crystalline schists.
hydrotherapy	The work covers a wide range of duties including hydrotherapy.
hydrous	It is certain, however, that the finer-grained rocks are richest in alumina, and in combined water; hence the inference is clear that kaolin or some other hydrous aluminium silicate is the dominating constituent.
hyena	The striped hyena is scattered over the country sparsely.
hydrozoa	In external form and appearance the Hydrozoa exhibit such striking differences that there would seem at first sight to be little in common between the more divergent members of the group. Nevertheless there is no other class in the animal kingdom with better marked characteristics, or with more uniform morphological peculiarities underlying the utmost diversity of superficial characters.
hydroxide	Cobalt monoxide, CoO, is prepared by heating the hydroxide or carbonate in a current of air, or by heating the oxide C0304 in a current of carbon dioxide.
hygiene	The modern system of hygiene is in great part founded upon Decent pathology.
hygienic	Geneva has a public library, a city hospital and hygienic institute.
hygrometer	Most greenhouse owners purchase a simple thermometer and hygrometer that can be installed inside the greenhouse so they can keep an eye on temperature and relative humidity.
hygienist	I visit the dental hygienist every six months for a scrape and a prod.
hyksos	It comprises some of the most notable figures in Egyptian history - Ahmosi (Amasis) I., who freed Egypt from the Hyksos, Tethmosis I.
hygroscopic	It is very hygroscopic, absorbing water with the evolution of hydrochloric acid.
hymen	Occasionally the hymen is imperforate and then gives rise to trouble in menstruation.
hymenopterous	The most important Hymenopterous pests are the sawflies or Tenthredinidae, which in their larval stage attack almost all vegetation.
hylozoism	He, in fact, returns to ancient hylozoism, which has tended to revive from time to time in the history of thought.
hymnal	Early reviews concentrated on the almost hymnal qualities of the songs.
hymn	After some readings and a hymn, the priest moved to the pulpit.
hymenium	The two principal parts of which an apothecium consists are the hypothecium and the hymenium, or thecium.
hymnology	Hebrew religious poetry was revived for synagogue hymnology, and, partly in imitation of Arabian models, a secular Hebrew poetry was developed in metre and rhyme.
hymnody	The foundation of his future work as the father of Methodist hymnody was laid in Georgia.
hype	With all the media hype about healthy fat, trans fat, saturated fat, and cholesterol, it can be puzzling to understand which low fat foods are beneficial and which ones are best left untouched.
hyoid	The Hyoid apparatus is, in its detail, subject to many variations in accord with the very diverse uses to which the tongue of birds is III.
hyperactive	Activity level will vary with species, but of course, you want to avoid the runt that cowers in the corner, as well as the hyperactive one of the bunch.
hyperacidity	This is caused by hyperacidity in the esophagus, and needs the antacids to prevent pain and burning in this tube.
hyperbaric	Hyperbaric facilities are specialized and are usually available only at larger hospitals.
hyperbolic	In such a society the only way in which discourse can be used for one's social advancement is by making increasingly hyperbolic statements.
hyperbole	I suppose using such hyperbole makes him feel good about himself.
hyperactivity	There is ample evidence that a deficiency of DHA is associated with depression, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and dementia.
hyperboloid	He then supposed this cylindrical column of water to be divided into two parts, - the first, which he called the cataract, being an hyperboloid generated by the revolution of an hyperbola of the fifth degree around the axis of the cylinder which should pass through the orifice, and the second the remainder of the water in the cylindrical vessel.
hyperborean	The close connexion of the Hyperboreans with the cult of Apollo may be seen by comparing the Hyperborean myths, the characters of which by their names mostly recall Apollo or Artemis (Agyieus, Opis, Hecaergos, Loxo), with the ceremonial of the Apolline worship. No meat was eaten at the Pyanepsia; the Hyperboreans were vegetarians.
hyperbola	The hyperbola which has for its transverse and conjugate axes the transverse and conjugate axes of another hyperbola is said to be the conjugate hyperbola.
hypercritical	Most teenage girls are hypercritical of themselves and that needs to change.
hyperglycaemia	Typical signs and symptoms may include hypertension, hyperglycaemia, headache, palpitations, sweating, pallor and nausea.
hyperlink	In simple terms, a hyperlink is simply highlighted text on a page that links that page to another one.
hyperinflation	Hyperinflation of the lungs and a barrel shaped chest is very common in patients with severe emphysema.
hypericum	When there are three or more bundles the stamens are triadelphous, as in Hypericum aegyptiacum, or polyadelphous, as in Ricinus communis (castor-oil).
hypermedia	Rather than replacing either of these, hypermedia ethnography will carve out its own role.
hypermarket	So there will be time to visit a hypermarket before the train leaves.
hypermetamorphosis	The most interesting of the Heteromera, and perhaps of all the Coleoptera, are some beetles which pass through two or more larval forms in the course of the life-history (hypermetamorphosis).
hypermetropia	In hypermetropia the retina is in front of the principal focus of the eye.
hyperplasia	Conn's syndrome is also very rare, caused by a benign adenoma or hyperplasia of the zona glomerulosa producing excess aldosterone.
hypersensitive	Remember that autistic children may be hypersensitive to certain sensory stimuli.
hypersensitivity	How should we treat tophaceous gout in patients with allopurinol hypersensitivity?
hyperspace	Shoot from all directions and even go into hyperspace to get away from sticky situations.
hypertension	Certain types of exercise may also induce pulmonary hypertension.
hyperthermia	The main toxic action is the uncoupling of oxidative phosphorylation, converting all cellular energy in the form of heat and causing extreme hyperthermia.
hyperthyroidism	When production of the thyroid hormones increases despite the level of TSH being produced, hyperthyroidism occurs.
hypertext	Many people miss out on a lot of good hypertext criticism.
hypertensive	In hypertensive patients eprosartan does not affect fasting triglycerides, total cholesterol, or LDL (low density lipoprotein) cholesterol levels.
hypertonic	Hypertonic saline solution-Fluid that contains salt in a concentration higher than that of healthy blood.
hypertrophic	Increased work thrown on to a tissue may produce hypertrophy, but, if this excessive function be kept up, atrophy will follow; even the blacksmith's arm breaks down owing to the hypertrophic muscle fibres becoming markedly atrophied.
hypertrophied	Should the young die or be removed during this period, the parents are liable to die, suffering severely from the turgid congestion of the hypertrophied walls of the crop.
hyphen	The quarterback was a bright LED line, kind of like a red hyphen.
hyphenate	Have you noticed that women who spout off about things they do not understand usually hyphenate their last names?
hypertrophy	They often cause a considerable hypertrophy of the tissue.
hyperventilation	However, if a patient has a seizure disorder, a seizure may be triggered by the flashing lights or hyperventilation.
hyphenated	The error depends on how many authors with a hyphenated surname the reference has.
hypha	Whether a spore results from the sexual union of two similar gametes (zygospore) or from the fertilization of an egg-cell by the protoplasm of a male organ (oospore); or is developed asexually as a motile (zoospore) or a quiescent body cut off from a hypha (conidium) or developed along its course (oidium or chlamydospore), or in its protoplasm (endospore), are matters of importance which have their uses in the classification and terminology of spores, though in many respects they are largely of academic interest.
hypnagogic	In these respects, and in the awakeness of the scryer, crystal pictures differ from hypnagogic illusions.
hypnotism	The physiological derangement which is the basis of the abeyance of volition may, if hypnotism be profound, pass into more widespread derangement, exhibiting itself as the hypnotic lethargy.
hypnotherapy	It suggested hypnotherapy was beneficial to students under exam stress and also to patients with chronic genital herpes.
hypnotist	A traveling hypnotist came to the area and attempted to heal Cayce using hypnosis.
hypnotize	A professional therapist will hypnotize you using one of several preferred methods.
hypnosis	Hypnosis has also been used to help overcome nicotine cravings.
hypnotic	She hesitated while her silver eyes swirled with hypnotic slowness.
hypo	Aphro, hypo, who gives a damn.
hypoblast	Vezhdovsky has lately seen reasons for regarding the blood system as originating entirely from the hypoblast by the secretion of fluid, the blood, from particular intestinal cells and the consequent formation of spaces through pressure, which become lined with these cells.
hypocaust	He has a hypocaust running under the main rooms to keep them cozy in winter.
hypocotyl	In other cases the root structure of the stele continues up to the cotyledonary node, though the hypocotyl is still to be distinguished from the primary root by the character of its epidermis.
hypochlorite	The chlorine reacts with the caustic soda, forming sodium hypochlorite, and this in turn, with an excess of chlorine and at higher temperatures, becomes for the most part converted into chlorate, whilst any simultaneous electrolysis of a hydroxide or water and a chloride (so that hydroxyl and chlorine are simultaneously liberated at the anode) also produces oxygen-chlorine compounds direct.
hypocritical	We're probably all a little hypocritical at times - and we're all sinners, so I hear.
hypochondria	The hypochondria of his father left Elizabeth mistress of the palace.
hypocycloid	If the moving circle rolls internally on the fixed circle, a point on the circumference describes a hypocycloid (from inr6, under).
hypocrisy	There was no hypocrisy in the tears of the empress.
hypocrite	He is a hypocrite, a rascal who has himself roused the people to riot.
hypodermis	The hypodermis is composed of parts of two different kinds, viz.
hypodermic	I had read somewhere about using a hypodermic syringe to lay in a thin bead of paint right in the scratch.
hypoglycaemia	Hypo unawareness For some people the warning signs that usually accompany hypo unawareness For some people the warning signs that usually accompany hypoglycaemia may be lost.
hypogynous	The anomalous position of the stamens in front of the petals is explained by the abortion or non-development of an outer row of stamens, indications of which are sometimes seen on the hypogynous disk encircling the ovary.
hypomanic	Mixed states, where both manic or hypomanic symptoms and depressive symptoms occur at the same time, also occur frequently with bipolar I patients (for example, depression with the racing thoughts of mania).
hypomania	Antipsychotic drugs These drugs are used to treat hypomania.
hypopharynx	Usually there arises around the edge I form the hinder parts of the genae and the hypopharynx.
hypopituitarism	The hope is that it will cause less hypopituitarism.
hypoplastic	Although rare, hypoplastic left heart syndrome, a condition in which the left side of the heart is underdeveloped, is the most serious congenital cardiovascular defect.
hypoplasia	Rarer causes of poor response include the presence of congenital anomalies such as choanal atresia, diaphragmatic hernia or pulmonary hypoplasia.
hypostasis	Without going so far as to assert that Orpheus is a hypostasis of Dionysus, there is no doubt that a close connexion existed between them from very early times.
hypostome	On the upper face of the hydranth the crown of tentacles (t) surrounds the peristome, from which rises the conical hypostome, bearing the mouth at its extremity.
hypotension	Some of these uses, such as treatment of hypotension, can be very important.
hypostyle	The second rectangle contains a small hypostyle hall with six columns, and the sanctuary, with their subsidiary chambers.
hypotenuse	It is roughly triangular in shape, with its hypotenuse 12 m.
hyposulphite	In systematic chemistry, sodium hyposulphite is a salt of hyposulphurous acid, to which Schutzenberger gave the formula H 2 S0 2, but which Bernthsen showed to be H 2 S 2 0 4.
hypothec	It was abolished in 1880 as regards all leases entered into after the 11th of November 1881, where the land demised exceeded two acres in extent, and the landlord was left to remedies akin to ejectment (Hypothec Abolition, Scotland, Act 1880).
hypothermia	These pollutants may cause hypothermia, dehydration, or internal damage.
hypothalamus	According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the body's internal clock is located in the brain at the base of the hypothalamus.
hypotheses	Bradley and Molyneux discussed several hypotheses in the hope of fixing the solution.
hypothetically	Hypothetically speaking … Could you come home when you wanted? she asked.
hypothesize	Scholars hypothesize that tattooing was a permanent version of the desired aesthetic of body painting.
hypothyroid	Occasionally, too many cells are damaged so the patient often becomes hypothyroid a year or two later.
hypotonic	In the final phase, the patient is hypotonic for several years.
hypothetical	In that hypothetical situation, what would the defense contractor want?
hypothyroidism	A lack of thyroid hormone in the body is called hypothyroidism.
hypoxia	The latter is especially important for preventing cell hypoxia.
hypothesis	Their hypothesis explains so many facts.
hyrax	That of the alpine zone includes two species of dassy (Pr ocavia), a coney (Hyrax), and a rat (Otomys).
hyssop	Certain essential oils are good but oils to be avoided include evening primrose, rosemary, hyssop, sweet fennel and sage.
hysterical	I don't know about hysterical, but you do get emotional.
hysterectomy	Caesarean a planned cesarean instead, which ended in an emergency hysterectomy.
hysteresis	In this case there is said to be hysteresis in the readings.
hysterically	He started to laugh hysterically.
hysteria	Deidre laughed, not caring about the note of hysteria in her voice.
hysterics	One woman broke down in hysterics.
i	I will lead you to it.
iambic	Each of these hymns has eight four-line stanzas and is written in strict iambic tetrameter.
iaea	On the other, the IAEA's mandate promotes the dangerous myth of peaceful nuclear power.
iberian	Elche is usually identified with the Iberian Helike, afterwards the Roman colony of Ilici or Illici.
iatrogenic	I also feel that in order to minimize the risk of iatrogenic femoral shaft fracture, a full trial reduction should be avoided.
ibid	These might sub-delegate the whole cause or any part of it as they pleased, ibid.
ibex	The Himalayan varieties of the markhor and ibex are abundant in Kafiristan.
ibis	Sclater published in the Ibis a classification which was mainly a revision of the system of Huxley, modified by the investigations of Garrod and Forbes and by his own large acquaintance with museum specimens.
ic	Elected deputy in 1831 and member of the chamber of peers in 1839, he withdrew for the most part from politics, to devote himself to his great work, the Histoire de France sous Napoleon (IC) vols.
ice	His voice was low and ice cold.
iceberg	All stores were transferred to the iceberg, when on Feb.
ibm	Had current events not intruded maybe Lotus ' fate would have been different, but in June 1995 IBM launched a hostile takeover bid.
ibo	The country's official language is English, but tribal languages such as Hausa, Yoruba, Igbo (Ibo) and Fulani are commonly used.
icelander	Snorre the Icelander tells us that the Danes fortified Southwark with ditch and rampart, which the English assailed in vain.
iceman	Just don't tell the Iceman I cometh when he shows up.
ichneumon	The common ichneumon is rare.
iced	Why don't we go into the house for some iced tea?
icelandic	But the name (the Icelandic form of which is Bjolfr) is genuinely Scandinavian.
ichthyology	Pisces (see Ichthyology).
ichthyornis	In Ichthyornis it is very small.
icicle	Sparkly jewelry will add an icicle effect to your outfit.
ici	In the 50's ICI created acid rain in Norway, are we to go back to this?
icky	You never have to drive to another gasoline station because this one's just too icky looking.
iconic	The teased hairstyle was iconic in the 1980's.
iconoclasm	And it is important to remark that the protagonists of iconoclasm in Byzantium came from these lands where image cult offended the deepest religious instincts of the masses.
iconoclast	The worship of images never seems to have taken root among Armenians; indeed they supplied the Greek world with iconoclast soldiers and emperors.
icing	Carmen finished decorating the cake and set the icing aside.
icon	The icon was carried further, accompanied by the throng.
iconoclastic	This idea that material representation involves a profanation of divine personages, while disallowing all religious art which goes beyond scroll-work, spirals, flourishes and geometrical designs, yet admits to the full of secular art; and accordingly the iconoclastic emperors replaced the holy pictures in churches with frescoes of hunting scenes, and covered their palaces with garden scenes where men were plucking fruit and birds singing amid the foliage.
iconographic	The proportion of iconographic questions will vary enormously according to the nature of the museums's holdings.
iconography	Its influence on the iconography of medieval art was great.
icosahedral	In the great rhombicosidodecahedron the dodecahedral faces are decagons, the icosahedral hexagons and the triacontahedral squares; this solid is sometimes called the truncated icosidodecahedron.
icosahedron	This is the icosahedron.
idea	The idea came to her suddenly.
icterus	In hepatogenous pigmentation (icterus or jaundice) we have the iron-free pigment modified and transformed by the action of the liver cells into bile pigment (bilirubin).
ide	This creates problems on systems with two IDE controllers.
icy	Connie gave him an icy stare.
ideal	To this ideal he remained faithful.
id	Can you ID this guy?
idealist	To speak technically, it is an idealist monism.
idealization	But however Oriental may have been the cast of mind that welcomed this theosophic asceticism, the forms of thought by which these views were philosophically reached are essentially Greek; and it is by a thoroughly intelligible process of natural development, in which the intensification of the moral consciousness represented by Stoicism plays an important part, that the Hellenic pursuit of knowledge culminates in a preparation for ecstasy, and the Hellenic idealization of man's natural life ends in a settled antipathy to the body and its works.
ideality	He found expression in so many ways, and was apparently so inexhaustible in his resources, that his very versatility and the ease with which he gave expression to his thought sometimes stood in the way of a recognition of his large, simple political ideality and the singleness of his moral sight.
idealize	Guelph aemocracy and industry idealize the pope.
idealistically	Bradley answers idealistically that the one Real is one absolute experience, because all we know is experience.
idealism	Idealism in one way or other supposes that mind is more real than matter.
idealistic	Bruno was the precursor of the idealistic schools.
ideation	You cannot imagine what it is to have suicidal ideation from an antidepressant.
identically	Tea bag folding is a paper craft that involves connecting several identically folded sheets of paper together in order to make one larger design.
identical	The chromatin is practically identical with nuclein.
idem	Idem, Degeneration, a Chapter in Darwinism, 1878, reprinted in the Advancement of Science (Macmillan, 1890); 20.
identifiable	Antisocial behaviors may have an early onset, identifiable as soon as age four, or late onset, manifesting in middle or late adolescence.
identity	They know who I am, and that I want to keep my identity silent.
identify	She tried to identify a sound.
identifier	Map ISBNs to urns, using the ' ISBN ' URN namespace identifier.
ideally	It is obvious that the points game demands an ideally perfect green.
ideogram	The ideogram used to illustrate the twentieth hexagram is assembled using two groups.
ideographic	Some few signs ideographic of a group of ideas are made to express particular words belonging to that group by the aid of phonograms which point out the special meaning.
ideograph	Each ideograph thus came tc have two sounds, one Japanese, the other Chinesee.g.
ideographically	It was at this time that Erech received the name of the City, which it continued to bear when written ideographically.
ideological	But it is not easy to look at this evidence without ideological blinkers.
ideologically	The total subservience to the rule of capital leaves workers and their union leaders ideologically disarmed.
ideology	It was the prevalent ideology of the government.
ides	After fresh trouble with the clergy, he returned to Paris and published a defence of his theories in a work entitled Ides sur la politique de Platon et d'Aristole.
ideologue	This kind of talk is easy to counter with the claim that this is not a moral world, you starry-eyed ideologue.
idiocy	So, for all his idiocy, Adam Jasinski is facing 20 years in jail and a $1 million dollar fine if found guilty of possession with intent to distribute.
idiom	An idiom to describe heavy rain is, it's raining cats and dogs!
idiomatic	He made many alterations in the Matthew Bible, characterized by critical acumen and a happy choice of strong and idiomatic expressions.
idiopathic	Another cause of idiopathic hives is when a triggering factor is sensed by the body.
identification	He wore identification tags, and she looked closely without seeing the key fob.
idiosyncrasy	Cod-liver oil is used externally in medicine when its internal administration is rendered impossible by idiosyncrasy or the state of the patient's digestion.
idiosyncratic	Many of these evolved idiosyncratic and easily recognizable styles.
idiotic	Let them do the idiotic and maniacal hooting for men.
idiot	Xander shifted between her and Jonny, not trusting the idiot Black God.
idleness	You have spent your life in idleness.
idly	She gazed up at him, idly wondering when he was going to release her.
idler	I was told its steering idler fell off but whether that is true or not who knows.
idola	The offendicula have sometimes been looked upon as an anticipation of Francis Bacon's Idola, but the two classifications have little in common.
idle	I've been idle too long.
idolatrous	This coincides with the Hebrew use of the term as idolatrous priests, Hos.
idolatry	Kabir denounced idolatry and the ritualistic practices of the Hindus.
idolize	Yes, but I didn't idolize them the way you do yours.
idyllic	In 1888 Zola departed from his usual vein in the idyllic story of Le Rive.
idolization	Von Sybel, in his Geschichte des ersten Kreuzzuges, suggests that in the camp of the pauperes (which existed side by side with that of the knights, and grew increasingly large as the crusade told more and more heavily in its progress on the purses of the crusaders) some idolization of Peter the Hermit had already begun, during the first crusade, parallel to the similar glorification of Godfrey by the Lorrainers.
if	I'll take care of the others if you want to watch the kids.
idyl	The best of his poems is the idyl of Regnault and Jeanneton, representing his own courtship of Jeanne de Laval.
idol	The oldest idol of the Thespians was a rude stone.
idyll	The bird is often spoken of in Latin poetry, and is the subject of an idyll by Claudian.
idyllist	He was already a poet by predilection, an idyllist and steeped in the classical archaism of the time, when, in 1784, his taste for the antique was confirmed by a visit to Rome made in the company of two schoolfellows, the brothers Trudaine.
ieee	Thus the smallest and largest normal positive double-precision IEEE numbers are and, and the machine epsilon for double precision is.
iffy	If your car sounds iffy, you get it sorted.
ignite	They ignite with great ease, emitting a smoke freely, owing to the large proportion of carbon they contain.
igloo	I have a special little igloo high up in our new home.
igneous	A complex of igneous rocks of different ages covers immense areas in the central Transvaal.
igniter	The new igniter - an Aerotech motor igniter from a larger motor - only just fit in the slot, and looked very chunky.
ignition	He paused with his hand on the ignition key and glanced at her.
ignoble	The character of the first Medician pope shows a peculiar mixture of noble and ignoble qualities.
ignominious	Domitian attacked him but was compelled to make an ignominious peace.
ignominy	But on the arrival of Licinius Mucianus he was not only obliged to surrender his authority, but was treated with such ignominy that he left Rome.
ignorant	He was by no means ignorant of this.
ignorance	At the same time their ignorance was profound.
ignore	She was trying hard to ignore the sensations in her body.
ignominiously	His eldest son, Borghese Petrucci, was incapable, haughty and exceedingly corrupt; he only remained three years at the head of affairs and fled ignominiously in 1515.
ike	Mama Ike quickly retorted we are in mourning no-one has had time to cook.
iguanodon	The remains of Iguanodon occur in the Hythe beds.
iguana	We even had an iguana up a tree once.
ileostomy	This is called a colostomy or ileostomy, depending on which part of the bowel is used.
iliac	This, when fully developed, consists of two parts, but inserted by a single ribbon-like tendon upon the hinder surface of the femur, near the end of its first third; the caudal part, femoro-caudalis, expressed by Garrod by the symbol A, arises from transverse processes of the tail; the iliac part (accessorofemoro-caudal of Garrod, with the symbol B), arises mostly from the outer surface of the postacetabular ilium.
ileum	Inflammation of the terminal ileum may also occur however.
ikon	It possesses a wonderworking ikon or image of the Death of the Virgin, said to have been brought from Constantinople in 1073, and the second highest bell-tower in Russia.
ileus	Several conditions can cause ileus such as peritonitis, septicaemia or recent cord compression.
ilk	But they would long to have someone of their own ilk to be alongside.
ill	She felt ill after all Jule told her.
ilex	The woods consist chiefly of pine and hazel upon theApennines, and upon the Calabrian, Sicilian and Sardinian mountains of oak, ilex, hornbeam and similar trees.
illegal	There was nothing illegal going on, simply mysterious.
ilium	After the restoration of the temple the senate sent ambassadors in 76 to Erythrae to collect the oracles afresh and they brought back about 1000 verses; others were collected in Ilium, Samos, Sicily, Italy and Africa.
iliad	His leave-taking of Andromache in the sixth book of the Iliad, and his departure to meet Achilles for the last time, are most touchingly described.
illegality	On the 26th he was brought up for judgment, and again insisted on the illegality of his conviction.
illegally	Every legal assistance was illegally denied him.
illegible	The inscription was partly illegible.
illegitimately	The intellectual intuition of Schelling, as above consciousness, the pure being of Hegel, as an empty abstraction, unvindicated, illegitimately assumed, and arbitrarily developed, are equally useless as bases of metaphysics.
illegitimate	The cousin had to be the illegitimate daughter of the old man.
illegitimacy	The percentage of illegitimacy is about 7.
illiberal	The downfall of the town was accelerated by the illiberal policy of its patrician rulers; and the French Revolution reduced it to such a degree that in 1796 it offered itself and its territories to the king of Prussia on condition that he would pay its debts.
illicit	As a port it was notorious for its smuggling and illicit trade.
illimitable	Thus the way was opened for new developments and for illimitable extension.
illicitly	It had nothing to do with Charlie illicitly selling PMF weapons overseas.
illiteracy	Consequently the percentage of illiteracy is extremely low.
illiquid	Unlike other assets, properties have to be managed and markets can be very illiquid, he says.
illiterate	Regimental schools impart elementary education to illiterate soldiers.
illogical	It was an illogical thought, but her mind was beyond logic.
illuminate	She opened the single wardrobe, pushing the doors open enough for the room's light to illuminate the contents.
illuminant	Its earliest employment in industry was as an illuminant, and dates back to the early part of the 19th century.
illumination	There is everywhere a certain illumination due to it.
illuminance	Add or change lights to provide more even illuminance.
illuminati	His works were collected and published at Venice in 1520 under the title Praeclarissima ac multum subtilia scripta Illuminati Doctoris Francisci de Mayronis, &c.
illness	There is serious illness in her family.
illumine	At sunrise, turning to the east, they prayed that the light of truth might illumine their minds, and then returned to their studies.
illuminating	This oil was formerly used for illuminating purposes.
illuminator	It is best if the image of the light is not larger than the object examined, and to effect this, an illuminating lens with an iris diaphragm is often placed between the source of light and the illuminator.
illusion	Whether it was so, or merely chance or illusion, no one knows.
illusionary	An excellent novel about illusionary freedom and betrayal, with a powerful undercurrent of fear running the whole way through.
illusionist	Another in a succession of films made by the famous illusionist and one of the first films to utilize stop-motion techniques.
illusive	Someone claiming to be 'the illusive psychic' has gone public.
illusory	He had long passed the traditional years of Peter's pontificate, had reigned longer than any previous wearer of the tiara, and had seen some brilliant days - days of illusory glory.
illustrate	Let me illustrate this one from my own life.
illustrious	The family was illustrious and wealthy, and claimed descent from Constantine.
illustrator	They are available to Illustrator and Photoshop.
illustrative	There are many vase and wall paintings and bas-reliefs illustrative of incidents in his life.
ilmenite	Its discovery as an element was due to William Gregor in 1789 who found in the mineral ilmenite or menachinite a new earth, which was regarded as the oxide of a new metal, menachin.
illustration	In illustration of this fact a simple experiment may be mentioned.
ilo	Paita, Eten, Pacasmayo, Salaverry, Callao, Pisco, Mollendo and Ilo, five of which are ports of call for foreign coasting steamers.
imaginable	He must also acquire the ability to handle bees judiciously and well under all imaginable conditions.
imaginal	During this stage the cuticle draws away from the imaginal cuticle which is forming beneath, ultimately becoming separated as a thin transparent pellicle through which the form of the adult can be seen.
imagery	It is true, the popular imagery is unworthy of such a god.
imaginative	Probably nothing like what was on her imaginative mind.
imagine	Can you imagine that?
imaginary	He paused at the door and mimed a jump shot at an imaginary hoop.
imaginatively	The cottage has been imaginatively restored with exposed beams, washed timbers and polished floorboards.
image	They stood there for a moment, watching their image in the mirror.
imagines	He imagines certain combinations by which this triple tyranny can be abolished, but his solution seems to require the creation of families without heads, countries without governments and property without rights of possession.
imago	It may bite and devour solid food, while the imago sucks liquids.
imam	After the death of Hosain, they chose for their Imam Mahommed b.
imamate	In 1435 the people rose against the tyranny of the Bani Nebhan and restored the imamate of the tribe al-Azd.
imbalance	You can right the imbalance of our world so that evil is held in check.
imbalanced	With some machines, washing single items can be a problem, because the machine will sense an imbalanced load.
imbecility	It was saved by the imbecility and disunion of the hostile powers.
imbecile	The king was imbecile.
imbibe	From this source all soils contain small proportions of sodium in soluble forms, hence the ashes of plants, although they preferably imbibe potassium salts, contain traces and sometimes notable quantities of sodium salts.
imbedded	Nervous system often imbedded in the epidermis.
imbibition	The vitality of these cells being altered there is imbibition and accumulation of watery fluid in their cytoplasm, causing swelling and vacuolation of the cells.
imbricate	This aestivation is imbricate.
imbroglio	The curious imbroglio deceived royalists and republicans alike.
imagination	She was letting her imagination run wild again.
imbue	The precision with which the path of an eclipse is laid down years in advance cannot but imbue the minds of men with a high sense of the perfection reached by astronomical theories; and the discovery, by purely mathematical processes, of the changes which the orbits and motions of the planets are to undergo through future ages is more impressive the more fully one apprehends the nature of the problem.
imide	Both classes readily exchange the imide hydrogen for acid radicals, and give nitrosamines with nitrous acid.
imf	The IMF demanded that Seoul open Korean companies to foreign ownership.
imidazole	Like water and the amide bond in peptides, the imidazole ring can act as both a hydrogen bond acceptor and donor.
imitate	Ilyin tried to imitate Rostov in everything and adored him as a girl might have done.
imitation	Its form is peculiar, and is an imitation of a similar work by Marcianus Capella, De Nuptiis Philologiae et Mercurii.
imitative	The earliest efforts of his art (the Eclogues) reproduce the cadences, the diction and the pastoral fancies of Theocritus; but even in these imitative poems of his youth Virgil shows a perfect mastery of his materials.
imitator	Gozaemon was an imitator.
immaculate	The only immaculate carrier was the Egyptian.
immaculately	Despite his urgency, Mr. Tim was immaculately dressed, his silvered hair clashing with features rendered youthful by multiple advanced cosmetic surgeries.
immanence	The immanence of God in all things and His incarnation as the Holy Spirit in themselves appear to have been the chief doctrines of the Amalricans.
immateriality	In addition to other medical works he published anonymously Conjectures sur les memoires originaux dont it parait que Moyse s'est servi pour composer le livre de la Genese, (1753), in which he pointed out that two main sources can be traced in the book of Genesis; and two dissertations on the immateriality and immortality of the soul,.
immature	He's a nice little boy, a bit immature, but very intelligent.
immaterial	The immaterial in man is the expansive force inherent in him.
immanent	He is completely immanent in the universe.
immaturity	A condescending tone reveals a level of immaturity in a person.
immediate	He scowled at the immediate burn and taste of acid.
immeasurable	Metaphorically it is used for the immeasurable darkness, eternity, and the infinite generally.
immediately	Immediately she was alert.
immeasurably	The incident was immeasurably unfortunate for the French.
immediacy	Most times I do the first draft in longhand trying to capture the immediacy of the inspired moment.
immensely	Immensely. I missed you.
immemorially	The name of Basho is immemorially associated with this kind of lilliputian versicle, which reached the extreme of impressionism.
immensity	Looking into the immensity of space, man also looks into the depths of godhead.
immemorial	The temple of Karnak is no doubt of immemorial antiquity.
immerse	Visitors can take their meal in the outdoor eating area to fully immerse themselves in the world class atmosphere.
immersion	Mark Lucar, who was baptized by immersion in London.
immigrant	There is a large Indian immigrant population.
imminence	The financial crisis of that year caused an increase, which continued until the imminence of the Civil War, when it rose from 65 millions in 186o to 91 millions in 1861, to 514 in 1862, to 1120 in 1863, to 1816 in 1864, to 2681 in June, and its maximum (2846 millions) in August 1865.
imminent	The birth of her child was imminent, if not past due.
immigrate	As Filipinos immigrate to other countries, Tagalog films are garnering more attention and a larger fan base.
imminently	No one of the dependent dynasts found himself more imminently threatened by this peril than Juba king of Numidia.
immense	The city has immense coal piers.
immersed	She leaned back and held her nose as she completely immersed herself.
immigration	The immigration of Jews from Russia was mainly responsible for the ineffective yet oppressive Aliens Act of 1905.
immobile	Kutuzov's face as he stood in the open doorway remained perfectly immobile for a few moments.
immobilization	Immobilization can also be secured by a form of traction called skin traction.
immobilize	Casts are generally used to immobilize a broken bone.
immobility	Patients should therefore avoid other than short-term bed rest, as immobility increases bone loss.
immodest	It is unfair to say that the majority of girls' clothing is immodest.
immoderate	It was recognized that the inheritance of future generations was being recklessly sacrificed to satisfy the immoderate desire for profit.
immodesty	He dealt with the immodesty of the contemporary stage, supporting his contentions by a long series of references attesting the comparative decency of Latin and Greek drama; with the profane language indulged in by the players; the abuse of the clergy common in the drama; the encouragement of vice by representing the vicious characters as admirable and successful; and finally he supported his general position by the analysis of particular plays, Dryden's Amphitryon, Vanbrugh's Relapse and D'Urfey's Don Quixote.
immolation	Some of its enactments are purely pagan - thus one paragraph allows the mother to kill her new-born child, and another prescribes the immolation to the gods of the defiler of their temple; others are purely Christian, such as those which prohibit incestuous marriages and working on Sunday.
immoral	Miracles alone cannot vindicate the divinity of immoral doctrine.
immortalize	Still, for perfect happiness a man should prefer the speculative life of divine intellect, and immortalize (CcOavarQecv) as far as possible.
immorality	At this time ignorance and immorality abounded in Wales.
immortality	Tell me you want to spend your immortality with her, and I'll make it happen.
immune	Jonny was all but immune to them.
immovably	Throughout July and August the two armies faced each other immovably.
immunization	A vaccination is a type of immunization.
immovable	The dying man lay as lifeless and immovable as before.
immunize	The negative publicity given to the vaccine in the mass media led some parents to refuse to immunize their children with the MMR vaccine.
immunoglobulin	Immunoglobulin A (IgA) is activated early in response to invasion by bacteria and viruses.
immunological	Results from immunological assays will not be known for 23 years.
immunologic	Some doctors think that genetic and immunologic factors are involved as well as an infectious organism.
immunity	The nature of immunity is not known.
immortal	How godlike, how immortal, is he?
immutability	He alone did not obey the law of immutability in the enchanted, sleeping castle.
immutable	Almost everybody agrees that the past is fixed and immutable.
impact	He was realizing the impact the lie had on their relationship.
immunology	According to the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma, and Immunology, if one parent has an allergic disease, a child has a 48 percent risk of developing allergies.
imo	The sendmail alias solution seems a bit overkill IMO.
impaction	If his rectum becomes blocked it could cause a serious impaction that could become life threatening.
impactful	Here, they not only provide a sample letter, but also explain to you why each portion of the letter is important and impactful, from the beginning greeting to your closing statements and signature.
impacted	Too much of the on-again, off-again war has impacted your neighbors.
imp	You can watch them using a program call imp.
impala	Cantering along a track I looked to my right and smiled as I saw impala bounding alongside.
impaler	Their drummer, Anton the Impaler, describes their sound as the sonic equivalent of a ' 70s splatter movie.
impair	It would be such a terrible waste to impair a mind like his.
impale	The appendages of the second pair are large and prehensile, as in scorpions, but are armed with spines, to impale and hold prey.
impalement	The rebellion spread like lightning, principally in the central or purely Magyar provinces, where hundreds of manor-houses and castles were burnt and thousands of the gentry done to death by impalement, crucifixion and other unspeakable methods.
impalpable	Little things, almost impalpable, had happened to justify that doubt.
impairment	Not a hundredth part of the cerebellum has remained, and yet there has existed ability to stand, to walk, to handle and lift objects in a fairly normal way, without any trace of impairment of cutaneous or muscular sensitivity.
impart	As a teacher he was able not only to impart knowledge, but to kindle enthusiasm.
impartiality	Its learning and impartiality gave it much authority.
impartially	During the struggles between the Royalists and Covenanters the city was impartially plundered by both sides.
impartial	Yet it would seem as if a candid and impartial historian could not well be greatly in doubt in the matter.
impasse	Parents of teens frequently find themselves at an impasse over a variety of issues.
impassible	Snow would have made the road impassible in winter.
impassable	A few of the large streams may, when in flood, spr.ead out in a temporary shallow sheet qn a dead level of clay, or playa, in a basin centre, but the sheet of water vanishes in the warm season and the stream shrinks far up its course, the absolutely barren clay floor of the playa, impassable when wet, becomes firm enough for crossing when dry.
impassioned	When I heard the same voice, I made an impassioned plea.
impassive	He kept his own features impassive, but Vara's words pierced him to the core.
impasto	The generous glaze accretions of his pots are echoed by the thick impasto 's of many of his paintings.
impatience	She leaned back, unwilling to let her impatience show.
impatiently	When he did not continue, she sat down impatiently, facing him.
impatiens	Rare plants, such as touch-me-not balsam Impatiens noli-tangere and alpine enchanter's-nightshade Circaea alpina, also have important British occurrences here.
impeach	Each of the chambers has the right to impeach the ministers.
impatient	She grew impatient waiting for the guardsmen to return.
impeachment	For affixing the great seal to this declaration he was threatened with impeachment by the Commons.
impeccable	She had an impeccable reputation.
impeccably	She was dressed impeccably in Chanel, and definitely had the stringent experession of an ignored wife.
impecuniosity	His extreme impecuniosity made him from the first subservient to the Polish senate and nobles (szlachta), who deprived him of the control of the mint - then one of the most lucrative sources of revenue of the Polish kings - curtailed his prerogative, and generally endeavoured to reduce him to a subordinate position.
impecunious	In November 1340 Edward III., humiliated, impecunious and angry, returned suddenly to England from Flanders and vented his wrath upon the archbishop's brother, the chancellor, Robert de Stratford.
impede	The underbrush will impede the progress of the hunted animal.
impedance	Therefore it is possible to directly measure the specific acoustic impedance at the cone surface.
impediment	In the north these ranges are low and offer no great impediment to railroad building.
impel	Impel is done in a wrap style and is ultra lightweight yet durable.
impedimenta	The beach on which the landing took place proved to be satisfactory, but it lay at the foot of a steep and rugged declivity, which was therefore a most unsuitable place for putting ashore the stores and impedimenta of an army.
impending	Whatever the case, the feeling of impending doom continued.
impeller	Nine times out of ten tho, a noisy pump is caused by an obstruction colliding with the rotating impeller.
impenetrable	One hauled it open, and she peered into the impenetrable depths.
impenetrability	It has not the so-called property, of Impenetrability, for two atoms may exist in the same place.
impenitent	The handing over of impenitent persons, and those who had relapsed, to the secular power, and their punishment, did not usually take place on the occasion of an auto-da-fe, properly so called.
imperatively	While, therefore, both parties were imperatively commanded to refrain from further dispute, Latimer was invited to preach before Henry in the Lent of 1530.
imperative	It's imperative to your success.
imperator	He hastened to propitiate the former by a donative of twice the usual amount, and excused his hasty acceptance of the throne to the senate by alleging the impatient zeal of the soldiers and the necessity of an imperator for the welfare of the state.
imperceptibly	Boris smiled almost imperceptibly while listening to his mother.
imperfect	Communications are still very imperfect, but have been greatly improved of late years.
imperceptible	He heard an almost imperceptible chuckle.
imperfection	Coleridge, praising the genius in the book, blamed the metrical imperfection of it.
imperforate	In some corals the septa are solid imperforate plates of calcite, and their peripheral ends are either firmly welded together, or are united by interstitial pieces so as to form imperforate theca.
imperialism	A unified and theoretically coherent female imperialism was never on offer.
imperialistic	You see a dangerous tyrant, I see an imperialistic war just like Vietnam.
imperfectly	At that date the science of chemistry was very imperfectly known, and the real constituents of ordinary remedies so little understood that different virtues were attributed to different products containing the same constituents.
imperious	The imperious manner of Andros made him many enemies.
imperialist	Baccio Valori, a Medicean who had been in the imperialist camp, now took charge, and the city was occupied by foreign troops.
imperiously	Her boss was one who spoke unfairly and imperiously to his coworkers.
imperil	In the summer of 1857 these events seemed to imperil British rule in India.
imperiousness	Cromwell's moderation and freedom from imperiousness were acknowledged even by those least friendly to his principles.
impermanence	The others are Impermanence and Non-soul (the absence of a soul) - both declared to be signs of every individual, whether god, animal or man.
imperial	The entire imperial city knew how taken he was with his mate.
imperishable	Religion and knowledge are as imperishable as the world they dignify.
impermeability	Not only was he the first discoverer of the rotifers, but he showed how wonderfully nature has provided for the preservation of their species, by their tolerance of the drying-up of the water they inhabit, and the resistance afforded to the evaporation of the fluids of their bodies by the impermeability of the casing in which they then become enclosed.
imperium	After the nomination, the imperium of the dictator was confirmed by a lex curiata.
impermissible	Any moral condemnation of civil war would be absolutely impermissible from the standpoint of Marxism.
impermeable	Thus in the western mountain districts of Great Britain, largely composed of nearly impermeable rocks more Lion.
impersonal	She explored one hallway and found two guest bedrooms and an office, all decorated in the same cold, impersonal colors.
impersonality	And how is this impersonality or absoluteness of the conditions of knowledge to be established ?
impersonation	She mentioned her distaste for Donald Trump and the Miss USA organization - complete with an impersonation of Trump at the press conference.
impersonate	I agree that a genuine Guide would never impersonate anyone.
impersonally	He looked at the girl, strove to collapse game online Yahoo consider her impersonally, for her youthful beauty began to disturb him.
impersonator	Wedding Dreams offers tux and gown rentals, hair and makeup appointments in your room, and even an Elvis impersonator can be added to your package!
impertinence	The touch of some hands is an impertinence.
impertinent	You have to be very impertinent to make such an claim.
imperturbability	Mental imperturbability (arapaEia) was the result to be attained by cultivating such a frame of mind.
imperturbable	With her imperturbable calm she did not begin to speak in front of the valet.
impervious	He wasn't impervious to harm, much as he might think so.
impetigo	Impetigo tends to develop in areas of the skin that have already been damaged through some other mechanism (a cut or scrape, burn, insect bite, or vesicle from chickenpox).
impetuous	In the past, impetuous young men would drop out of college and run off to join the army.
impetuosity	Ramus outdid his predecessors in the impetuosity of his revolt.
impetuously	Swaying from side to side on his long, thin legs in his fluttering dressing gown, this lunatic was running impetuously, his gaze fixed on Rostopchin, shouting something in a hoarse voice and making signs to him to stop.
impinge	But the whole thing didn't really impinge on me that much.
impiety	Popular belief regarded his subsequent illness as a judgment for his impiety.
impish	An impish fear clutched my hand, so that I could not write any more that day.
impious	Their hands were cleaner but their thoughts were more impious, for they pretended to divine inspiration.
impetus	It is well established that Urban preached the sermon at Clermont which gave the impetus to the crusades.
implacably	The former were not implacably cruel or vindictive.
implacable	From this time she was the ardent champion of her husband's and son's rights; to her energy the cause of Lancaster owed its endurance, but her implacable spirit contributed to its failure.
implant	The net buzzed, and she tapped her implant to open her channel.
implausible	Actually there are quite a few things I found very implausible.
implement	He used a special implement which he inserted at the lower end of the incision.
implantable	Also to assess strategies to reduce possible complications of totally implantable venous access devices (e.g. anticoagulants to reduce the risk of thrombosis ).
implantation	What can complicate this sign of pregnancy is that there is also implantation bleeding, which occurs around eight days after conception and takes the form of very light vaginal bleeding that lasts only for a short period of time.
implicate	The knife was left up there to implicate me.
implementation	Other costs involved include the implementation of the program, writing a dress code for the workplace uniforms, and staff to follow-up and make sure the uniforms are being worn, fit properly, kept clean and replaced when needed.
implicit	Your Holiness (he wrote) is sovereign of Rome, but I am its emperor; and he threatened to annul the presumed donation of Rome by Charlemagne, unless the pope yielded implicit obedience to him in all temporal affairs.
implication	The implication was as obvious as it was annoying.
implode	How does the ship not just implode or melt?
implicitly	We may talk of the assumptions implicitly involved in Ricardo's works.
implore	Dear princess, I beg and implore you, have some pity on him!
imploring	She gave him an imploring, frightened look.
imploringly	She gazed up at Megan imploringly.
implosion	It's happened at the Wall in Germany, in Poland with the Solidarity Movement, the economic implosion of the Soviet Union, Afghanistan independence and now Iraq.
implied	You didn't say those words, but you implied I would lead them on.
imply	I didn't mean to imply that there was anything wrong with the way you dress.
impolite	You know, my mother always said it was impolite to stare.
impolitic	With the revolution which speedily followed this impolitic trial, new troubles encountered Ken; for, having sworn allegiance to James, he thought himself thereby precluded from taking the oath to William of Orange.
imponderable	But it excludes the biggest imponderable of the lot.
import	He worked well whatever the import of his work.
importance	The importance of this cannot be overestimated.
important	I had to talk over a very important matter with him.
importer	Buying directly from an importer or a factory warehouse can save you over 50 percent off of the standard furniture store prices.
importunity	But their importunity made a hermitage in Paris impossible; a graceless friend even surprised the philosopher in bed at eleven in the morning meditating and taking notes.
importantly	More importantly, how did they get out?
importunate	His second wife was Sarah Siprout de Gabay, a beautiful woman of strong intellect and importunate ambitions, who hated the race she belonged to because it was despised by others.
imposition	According to common opinion, the matter and form of ordination to the episcopate were the imposition of the consecrating bishop's hands with the words, Receive the Holy Ghost.
imposing	Dressed in black, he was an imposing figure, even in the cavernous room.
impossibly	Further, owing to the carelessness of the Prussian negotiator, Napoleon was able to require the exaction of impossibly large sums from that exhausted land, and therefore to keep his troops in her chief fortresses.
impossibility	The impossibility of obtaining any.
impostor	An impostor, who claimed to be a son of Antiochus Epiphanes, Alexander Balas (reigned 150-145), was installed as king by Ptolemy Philometor and given Ptolemy's daughter Cleopatra to wife, but Alexander proved to be dissolute and incapable, and when Demetrius, the son of Demetrius I., was brought back to Syria by Cretan condottieri, Ptolemy transferred his support and Cleopatra to the rightful heir.
imposter	Many imposter websites look similar to the official website.
impost	It also meant a tax or impost, payable in money.
imposture	The belief in the appearance of the mandi readily lent itself to imposture.
importation	The importation of machinery amounted to over 5000 tons in 1901.
impose	Power to impose customs and excise duties to be in the Federal government and parliament.
impotency	Obviously the purpose of the paragraph is to point out the wisdom of enjoying life in the time of youth while the physical powers are fresh and strong, and the impotency of old age has not yet crept in.
impotently	William was completely crushed; Gelderland was added to the hereditary lands of the Habsburgs, while the league of Schmalkalden impotently watched the proceedings.
impotent	Instead, she slumped against the wall, defeated by alcohol and impotent rage.
impotence	It was this impotence of the state commission that furnished the strongest incentive to Congressional action.
impound	In New South Wales thirteen thin concrete dams, dependent upon horizontal curvature for their resistance to water pressure, have been constructed in narrow gorges at comparatively small cost to impound water for the use of villages.
impoverishment	The economic and moral condition of the peasantry was little improved by freedom, and in many districts there were signs of positive impoverishment and demoralization.
impoverish	They are also gross feeders and impoverish the soil.
impractical	Sometimes I do, but most of the time it's simply impractical.
impracticality	What they failed to realize was the impracticality of carrying around a stiff-brimmed hat along with the gas mask, helmet, and whatever other gear was actually necessary to the footsoldiers on the ground.
imprecise	I was too imprecise in coming to grips with my analysis of any subject.
impracticable	Natural ventilation is impracticable in flat deposits worked by drifts and without shafts.
impregnable	Grabusa, long regarded as an impregnable fortress, was surrendered in 1692, Suda (where the flags of Turkey and the four protecting powers are now hoisted) and Spinalonga in 1715.
impregnation	Cell-walls may become modified by the impregnation of various substances.
impregnate	If so, can the sperm live long enough to impregnate the bitch?
impossible	It was impossible to keep Helen quiet.
impressible	His seeming inconsistencies are reconciled to apprehension, not by a formula of the intellect, but by the many-sidedness of a highly impressible nature.
impress	It was hard to tell whether he was trying to impress his sister or shock her.
impression	Her last impression of Darcie was a smiling face.
impresario	The show was owned by ATV which was owned by theatrical impresario Lew Grade.
impressionism	The term impressionism came from a painting by Claude Monet.
impressionable	A programme so stupendous awoke in Alexander's impressionable mind an ambition to which he had hitherto been a stranger.
impressionistic	His works are very atmospheric and his technique became very impressionistic toward the latter part of his life.
impressionist	He was one of the earliest defenders of the Impressionist painters.
impressively	They are all listed on an impressively organized page, and you can simply click for the ones you would like.
impressiveness	But Reid lacked the art to give due impressiveness to the important advance which his positions really contain.
impressment	He constantly protested against flogging in the army, the impressment of sailors and imprisonment for debt.
imprison	They could arrest and imprison.
imprimatur	The New Penguin version bears the imprimatur of the Royal Shakespeare Company.
improbability	The improbability of such an arrangement is enormously great.
imprinting	The infant needs love, and it is this need that causes imprinting to occur.
imprisonment	He was released after some months of imprisonment, without trial, by the intervention of his friends.
improbably	Not improbably this country was either Gondwana-land, connecting Mesozoic India with Africa, or perhaps Africa itself.
imprint	Roman rule left a deep imprint on the country.
improperly	Many other rocks are improperly called slate, if they are thin bedded and can be used for roofing and similar purposes.
impromptu	Dean explained to his stepfather Cynthia's impromptu trip to the shore after receiving Atherton's letter.
impropriety	A weak, giddy woman of no stability of character, her success turned her head and caused her to behave with insolence and impropriety, in strong contrast with Catherine's quiet dignity under her misfortunes.
impressive	The most impressive piece was a massive oak table.
improper	Here she was, thinking improper thoughts again.
improbable	It is not improbable that these chapters are based on an earlier Jewish writing.
improvisation	The artist teaches basic chords and correct fingering, but he's also quite enthusiastic about his craft, and encourages improvisation.
improvident	The Malays are indolent, pleasure-loving, improvident beyond belief, fond of bright clothing, of comfort, of ease, and they dislike toil exceedingly.
improver	It is a fantastic way of turning compostable kitchen waste into a nutrient rich soil improver.
improvisational	Part of bluegrass' charm lies in the instrumental solos which are improvisational and notoriously difficult to play.
improvidence	Owing to the improvidence of the Hungarian landowners and the poverty of the peasants the soil of the country is also gradually passing into their hands.3 The Gipsies, according to the special census of 1893, numbered 2 74,94 0.
improve	Maybe his mood would improve, anyway.
improvise	The simplicity of vocal sheet music encouraged Jackson to improvise a great deal.
improved	He improved big time this weekend.
impudent	Macpherson, whose Fingal had been treated in the Journey as an impudent forgery, threatened to take vengeance with a cane.
imprudence	In colonial affairs the Assembly acted with the same imprudence.
improvised	Truth is the improvised machinery that is interjected, so far as this works.
imprudently	These are they who, enlarging day by day their sumptuous edifices, encircling them with lofty walls, lay up in them their incalculable treasures, imprudently transgressing the bounds of poverty and violating the very fundamental rules of their profession.
improvement	He recognized that considerable improvement had already taken place.
imprudent	I was imprudent to place myself at such risk.
impugn	At the same time he did not impugn the authority of the Church, which he regarded as useful in maintaining external unity.
impudently	The soldier was pale, his blue eyes looked impudently into the commander's face, and his lips were smiling.
impudence	Wherever has one seen such impudence or such courage?
impulsion	No verbal formula can really enclose the life of a people or an age, but we can best understand the significant ^ of the old Greek cities and the life they developed, when, looking at the history of mankind as a whole, we see the part played by reason, active and critical, in breaking down the barriers by which custom hinders movement, in guiding movement to definite ends, in dissipating groundless beliefs and leading onwards to fresh scientific conquests - when we see this and then take note that among the ancient Greeks such an activity of reason began in an entirely novel degree and that its activity in Europe ever since is due to their impulsion.
impulsiveness	Up till his thirtieth year he dabbled in verse, but he had little ear for metrical music, and he lacked the spiritual impulsiveness of the true poet.
impulsively	She heard her voice speaking impulsively.
impulsive	Had his offer been as impulsive as her acceptance?
impulsivity	The fatty acid made highly significant improvements in 12 out of 13 behavioral scales, including inattention, hyperactivity and impulsivity.
impunity	He had impunity from the law anyway.
impulse	She combed Destiny's hair into pig tails, and then on impulse, did the same with hers.
imputation	The latter imputation especially influenced Hisham, who was very parsimonious.
in	He was such a wonderful person in so many ways.
impurity	By turns our purity inspires and our impurity casts us down.
impute	I can't believe you dared to impute my work to yourself to cover up for your laziness!
inaccessibility	The forests of eastern Peru are rich in fine cabinet woods, but their inaccessibility renders them of no great value.
impure	The impure spirit is blown out and the pure blown in.
inaccurate	If this is inaccurate or incomplete, the Government cannot blame the newspapers.
inaccessible	The river when in flood, at which time it has a depth, of 40 ft., scours a channel through the bar, but the Orange is at all times inaccessible to sea-going vessels.
inability	Maybe his inability to talk makes you feel unsure.
inactivate	These antibodies bind to the surface proteins but do not inactivate the virus.
inactivation	Oncogene inactivation uses the same techniques employed for dominantly inherited monogenic diseases.
inaccuracy	He has also himself suffered much from the inaccuracy of copyists.
inaction	After seven years of inaction, however, this imperial rescript was pitched in a far lower key.
inadequate	Gabriel had never felt inadequate in his life until that moment.
inactive	During the national war he was inactive because he was not needed.
inaccurately	Lines of induction are frequently but inaccurately spoken of as lines of force.
inadequacy	Their inadequacy is evident from two standpoints.
inactivity	Dean vacillated between the contentment of inactivity and the frustration of trying to change the unchangeable.
inadvertence	The court has also the power to relieve from the consequences of certain innocent contraventions of the law caused by inadvertence or miscalculation.
inadvertent	You can take the following steps to make sure that you don't fall pray to an inadvertent problem.
inadmissible	An eventual appeal to the European Court of Human Rights was declared inadmissible in 2003.
inadvisable	Certain official posts, of which it would have been inadvisable to deprive senators, could thus be bestowed upon the promoted equites..
inalienable	All lots in both cases were declared inalienable for thirty years.
inadvertently	He'd already inadvertently caused her enough problems.
inadequately	Colombia is but inadequately represented by rough maps.
inanimate	An inanimate object is similarly consecrated.
inane	I tend to act inane around the people that I am closest to.
inanition	He also established phalanges at Conde-surVesgres and elsewhere, but they had little success and soon died of inanition.
inanity	We have experienced 2 such cases of sheer inanity.
inapplicability	The inapplicability of many laws passed for the Peninsula - all of which under a constitutional system would apply to Cuba as to any other province, unless that system be modified - was indeed notorious; and Cuban opinion had repeatedly, through official bodies, protested against laws thus imposed that worked injustice, and had pleaded for special consideration of colonial conditions.
inapplicable	Yet he has written nothing so characteristic of Vaucluse as to be inapplicable to any solitude where there are woods and water.
inappreciable	The moment of friction of this pivot is at first almost C, inappreciable from the extreme smallness of the T radius of the circles of contact of the ball and cups, but, as they wear, that radius and the moment of friction increase.
inapt	Her defense was weak and inapt but she attained her object.
inaptly	As a national reformer he has been not inaptly compared to Luther.
inappropriately	Maybe he realized how inappropriately they had both acted.
inarticulate	Suddenly the waiter seemed to grow inarticulate with a rush of words.
inappropriate	He was talking and acting in an inappropriate manner.
inartificial	As we cannot without a tittle of evidence accept such a consequence, we conclude that Aristotle formulated the distinction between argumentative and adventitious, artificial and inartificial evidences, both in the Rhetoric to Alexander and in the Rhetoric; and that the former as well as the latter is a genuine work of Aristotle, the founder of the logic of rhetoric.
inattention	Lessons Learned A moment's inattention at sea can have serious consequences.
inartistic	The Princess Franciszka Radziwill composed plays which were acted at her private residence, but they are spoken of as inartistic and long and tedious.
inattentive	You were only inattentive, but you had talent--oh yes, you had talent!
inaudible	The sound was nearly inaudible but both stopped and listened attentively.
inaugural	On the 2nd of December 1841 he delivered his inaugural lecture.
inaudibly	Natasha jumped on it, sank into the feather bed, rolled over to the wall, and began snuggling up the bedclothes as she settled down, raising her knees to her chin, kicking out and laughing almost inaudibly, now covering herself up head and all, and now peeping at her mother.
inauguration	Pams, his inauguration taking place on Feb.
inaugurate	The consequences of this blow were momentous; it may be said to inaugurate the ghetto period.
inauspicious	It was held inauspicious if the animal were unwilling; if it nodded all was well.
inasmuch	So far as Spain was concerned this was only a form, inasmuch as Mexico, of which Texas formed a part, was just completing its long struggle for independence (1810-21).
inauthentic	Be complimentary, but not overly complimentary to where it seems inauthentic.
inboard	Inboard rudder, see the hints and tips page for how to fit a transom hung one !
inborn	At the same time the inborn gift of style can be starved or stimulated.
inbred	These factors may actually increase the incidence of the problem in a highly inbred line.
inbound	We have reinforcements inbound.
inbuilt	In low light, the inbuilt photo light provides illumination to capture video or still images.
incalculably	Thereafter he never entered Spain; and the French operations suffered incalculably from the want of one able commander-in-chief.
inbreeding	She had finally separated Ed from his daughters before inbreeding began.
inc	I gave my stock rundown of Econ Scrutiny, Inc.
incalculable	This firsi invitation to French princes brought with it incalculable evils.
incandescence	On passing a current through the carbon the small rod is heated to incandescence, and imparts heat to the surrounding mass.
incapable	Pierre was silent because he was incapable of uttering a word.
incantation	Less influenced by the astral-theological system are the old incantation texts which were gathered together into series.
incapacitate	Sure, a few gunshots may incapacitate zombies, but removing their heads is the best way to go.
incandescent	When heated in dry oxygen it becomes incandescent, forming magnesia.
incarcerated	Patsy, while incarcerated, still had a say in the matter.
incarceration	Incarceration occurs only rarely after eight years of age.
incapacity	If Barclay is now to be superseded by Bennigsen all will be lost, for Bennigsen showed his incapacity already in 1807.
incarnate	This is an attempt to explain how it came that Christ, though incarnate God, could be in error, e.g.
incase	When shopping online be sure to choose a store with a return policy incase the item does not fit.
incautiously	Their leader, Juan Diaz de Solis, landing incautiously in 1516 on the north coast with a few attendants to parley with a body of Charrua Indians, was suddenly attacked by them and was killed, together with a number of his followers.
incarnation	This word is an eternal incarnation, with its threefold sense - natural, spiritual, celestial.
inception	This last process was called inception.
incautious	But at the same time many of the shortcomings of oology in this respect must be set down to the defective information and observation of its votaries, among whom some have been very lax, not to say incautious, in not ascertaining on due evidence the parentage of their specimens, and the author next to be named is open to this charge.
incendiary	All weapons are strictly prohibited from the stadium, from small knives to incendiary devices.
incendiarism	After his release Wakefield seemed disposed for a while to turn his attention to social questions at home, and produced a tract on the Punishment of Death, with a terribly graphic picture of the condemned sermon in Newgate, and another on incendiarism in the rural districts, with an equally powerful exhibition of the degraded condition of the agricultural labourer.
incense	The commonest incense in ancient India was probably frankincense.
incest	Incest is one of the feats of Heitsi Eibib.
incentive	Maybe that's the incentive he needs.
incessantly	He changed his ministers incessantly, and on mere caprice.
inchoate	Thenceforth, till James came to the throne of England, the history of Scotland was but a series of inchoate revolutions, intrigues that led to nothing definite and skirmishes in the war of kirk and state.
incessant	Instead of singing like the birds, I silently smiled at my incessant good fortune.
incestuous	It feels incestuous to me.
incidentally	Aristotle, Haller, Harvey, Kielmeyer, Autenrieth, and many others have either made this observation incidentally, or, especially the latter, have drawn particular attention to it, and drawn therefrom results of permanent importance for physiology.
incinerate	The government is proposing to incinerate cattle carcasses at 22 sites, some of which are in populated areas.
incipient	Incipient Reflexion on the Story.-Let us give some instances of this.
incinerator	We need you to voice your opposition to the planned incinerator.
incidental	He also wrote incidental music to Hamlet, a symphony, and other works.
incineration	All albumins are laevo-rotatory; and on incineration a small amount of inorganic ash is invariably left.
inch	The ax blade went about an inch into the wood.
incidence	Another exception to the incidence of tithes were abbey lands.
incision	Then make a free incision into the wound.
incisiveness	These views were expressed with extraordinary vigour and incisiveness in his Letter from Sydney (1829), published while he was still in prison, but composed with such graphic power that it has been continually quoted as if written on the spot.
incite	Rather than incite her, it left her sleepy.
incisive	His arguments were marked by incisive humour and fertility of ideas.
incident	He'd changed since their incident.
incisor	The upper incisor teeth are generally marked by grooves.
incitement	The long-continued incitement to catabolism of the waking day thus of itself predisposes the nerve cells towards rebound into the opposite phase; the increased catabolism due to the day's stimuli induces increase of anabolism, and though recuperation goes on to a large extent during the day itself, the recuperative process is slower than, and lags behind, the disintegrative.
inclement	The climate is inclement in winter and oppressively hot in midsummer.
incivility	An environmental incivility is any aspect of the environment about which people may be inclined to feel negatively.
incline	Kdrnyei, Imre and others incline to the belief that it was Bela I.
inclinometer	For the instruments and methods used in measuring the dip see Inclinometer.
inclining	Mr Stuart, in 1862, made his third and final attempt to traverse the continent from Adelaide along a central line, which, inclining a little westward, reaches the north coast of Arnheim Land, opposite Melville Island.
inclination	The general inclination of the country is from north to south.
including	Was he including himself in that statement?
include	His gaze shifted to include Carmen.
inclusion	The inclusion of other books in the Canon was gradual, and was effected only after centuries of debate.
inclusively	From December to March, inclusively, part of the precipitation is in the form of snow.
inclusiveness	Men are apt to dwell too much on the co-existence and too little on the inclusiveness of substances.
inclined	She was inclined to decline his offer.
inclusive	During the four years 1883-1886, both inclusive, An era of the aggregate deficit amounted to E.2,606,000.
incognita	Some of RodrÃ­guez ' case-studies go some way toward exploring this question, but it pretty well remains terra incognita within terra obscura.
incognito	Now that Mrs. Glass has spilled the beans that someone's looking for him, if he wants to remain incognito, he's going to be twice as cau­tious.
incognizable	The most real realities to Plato and Aristotle had been thought and the objects of thought, vows and vomit, whether abstracted from sensibles or inherent in matter, as the incognizable basis of all concrete existence.
included	The collection of animals included a donkey, horse, ostrich and a llama, all of which were either relaxing in the shade or inside the barn.
incoherent	The result is a confusion that renders the description incoherent.
incoherence	Those supportive of and those opposed to women's ordination know this incoherence well; but it goes far beyond just this matter.
incombustible	It is incombustible and extinguishes flame.
income	This income will not be regarded as welfare.
incommensurability	It is an advance on this when Heraclitus 2 opposes to the eyes and ears which are bad witnesses for such as understand not their language a common something which we would do well to follow; or again when in the incommensurability of the diagonal and side of a square the Pythagoreans stumbled upon what was clearly neither thing nor image of sense, but yet was endowed with meaning, and henceforth were increasingly at home with symbol and formula.
incommensurable	A non-terminating simple continued fraction must be incommensurable.
incoming	His gaze went to the incoming storm.
incommensurate	This design includes incommensurate host-guest structures.
incompatible	To Avoid Certain Festivals Falling On Incompatible Days Of The Week.
incompleteness	If the officer appointed by the Board of Trade should, after inspection of the railway, report to the department that in his opinion the opening of the same would be attended with danger to the public using the same, by reason of the incompleteness of the works or permanent way, or the insufficiency of the establishment for working such railway, it is lawful for the department to direct the company to postpone the opening of the line for any period not exceeding one month at a time, the process being repeated from month to month as often as may be necessary.
incompetency	McClellan, charging him with incompetency and lack of nerve.
incomprehensible	It's incomprehensible, but the tipster keeps doing it.
incompletely	The duty-free denaturized spirits may be divided into two groups - completely denaturized and incompletely denaturized.
incomplete	Or maybe, incomplete is a better word.
incompetence	The events of the last reign had demonstrated the incompetence of the Poles to govern themselves.
incomprehensibly	Although they represent a great untapped treasure-trove of history, literature and popular culture, chapbooks have been incomprehensibly and disgracefully ignored.
incompressible	When an electric current flows round a circuit, there is no accumulation of electricity anywhere in the circuit, hence the current strength is everywhere the same, and we may picture the current as analogous to the flow of an incompressible fluid.
incomprehension	I 'm trying to work toward not spluttering with incomprehension because not everyone else shares my tastes.
incompetent	The Parkside men in blue were noth­ing but a bunch of incompetent misfits who should all be fired, so continued the tirade.
incompressibility	Hydraulic pumping engines, while not differing essentially from steam pumps, must have specially designed valves in the power cylinder on account of the incompressibility of water.
inconceivable	A triennial sacrificial tithe is inconceivable when it is remembered that the tithe is only an extension of the firstfruits.
inconclusive	We need not, however, spend much time on the well-worn but inconclusive arguments of the older critics.
inconceivably	The power and grandeur of these nocturnal concerts is inconceivably striking and pleasing to the hunter's ear.
incongruous	If he tried, his pictures seemed incongruous and false.
incongruent	This type of provision seemed so incongruent to the needs of our patients.
incongruously	The street ends abruptly at the railroad where a locomotive trundles incongruously past the end of the road.
incongruity	The man who sees not the incongruity has great need of having his eyes anointed.
inconsequent	Peter, in fact, was too good-natured and inconsequent to pursue, or even premeditate, any deliberate course of ill treatment.
inconsequential	Maybe she hadn't thought of it because it seemed inconsequential at the time.
inconsiderable	The export trade is, however, inconsiderable, as the produce of the local industries is mainly ' absorbed by home consumption.
inconsiderate	I'm not some inconsiderate oaf.
inconsistency	One more inconsistency Dean didn't need.
inconsistently	Whewell, indeed, explains that this latter formula must be practically interpreted by positive law, though he inconsistently speaks as if it supplied a standard for judging laws to be right or wrong.
inconsolable	He'll be inconsolable, Linda said with a delighted laugh.
inconsistent	All the impossible orders inconsistent with the course of events remain unexecuted.
inconsolably	There are some who complain most energetically and inconsolably of any, because they are, as they say, doing their duty.
inconstant	In these the furcal branches are linear or rudimentary, the shell is without rostral sinus, and, besides distinguishing characters of the second 2ntennae, they have always a branchial plate well developed on the first maxillae, which is inconstant in the other tribe.
incontestable	But the vital point is that the absolute superiority of the Hellene was recognized as incontestable on both hands.
inconspicuous	I tried to remain inconspicuous as I leaned against a back wall, my mind still in turmoil.
incontinence	The nocturnal enuresis or urinary incontinence of children and of adults is frequently relieved by this drug.
incontrovertible	Lastly, there is the incontrovertible fact that Amidis de Gaula exists in Castilian, while it remains to be proved that it ever existed in Portuguese.
incontinent	Your pet may become incontinent, and there are products on the market for that too.
inconvenient	The present situation was inconvenient for everyone.
inconvenience	I don't want to inconvenience anyone too much.
inconveniently	It must always have been perfectly well known that population will probably (though not necessarily) increase with every augmentation of the supply of subsistence, and may, in some instances, inconveniently press upon, or even for a certain time exceed, the number properly corresponding to that supply.
inconvertible	The first of these mistakes was a measure making (January 1885) the currency inconvertible for a period of two years.
incorporated	They were not incorporated in the empire, but were ranked as allies, socii or auxilia.
incorporation	A charter of incorporation was granted in 1878.
incoordination	Originally published in healthmatters issue 28, Winter 1996/7, page 5 Feature A case of ' tragic incoordination '?
incorrectly	I must have guessed incorrectly as I saw only empty camp sites beyond.
incorporeal	All kinds of interests and property, whether corporeal, such as lands or buildings, or incorporeal, such as rights of common or of way, may be let.
incorporator	Use our Nevis starting corporation, Nevis company incorporator.
incorrectness	The writings of Cassiodorus evince great erudition, ingenuity and labour, but are disfigured by incorrectness and an affected artificiality, and his Latin partakes much of the corruptions of the age.
incorrect	Any costs incurred due to incorrect settings will be borne by you.
incorrigible	Then her teacher calls her an incorrigible little sermonizer, and she laughs at herself.
incorporate	She may also want you to incorporate more exercise into your daily activity.
incorrupt	And what he foretold was fulfilled in truth, for thine arm remained incorrupt even after thou wast slain for the Lord.
increase	That would increase the value of the house.
incorruptible	He was absolutely incorruptible, thus standing, morally as well as intellectually, far above the level of his age.
increasing	The column moved forward without knowing where and unable, from the masses around them, the smoke and the increasing fog, to see either the place they were leaving or that to which they were going.
incredibly	He looked incredibly sad.
increment	Only one accelerated increment may be applied for at a time.
incredulous	I was incredulous when he first told me the secret.
incredulity	His expression changed to incredulity when he saw the confusion on Justin's face.
incredulously	He stared at it incredulously for a moment before turning to her.
incrementally	Others prefer to raise their bids incrementally over time.
incremental	Choosing something with clear incremental markings makes it easier.
incriminate	It followed from his training that, if you admit one error in a revealed text, you incriminate the whole.
incubate	The eagles still incubate, no sign of anything hatching.
incubation	The incubation period is about one week.
incredible	The girl tells an incredible story.
increasingly	Below this river prairie areas become increasingly common, constituting the entire S.W.
incubator	The infant is removed from the incubator for feeding.
incrustation	A metallic globule with or without an incrustation may be obtained.
incubi	Another class of nocturnal demons are the incubi and succubi, who are said to consort with human beings in their sleep; in the Antilles these were the ghosts of the dead; in New Zealand likewise ancestral deities formed liaisons with females; in the Samoan Islands the inferior gods were regarded as the fathers of children otherwise unaccounted for; the Hindus have rites prescribed by which a companion nymph may be secured.
inculcate	His title to be honoured as the Father of Magnetic Philosophy is based even more largely upon the scientific method which he was the first to inculcate and practise than upon the importance of his actual discoveries.
incubus	Some national feeling may have lingered, but, substantially, every man in the country, of every hue, was benefited when the incubus of the tyranny of the Dutch East India Company was removed.
inculcation	We may prefer to imagine that among the homely stories told of him was one which had for its main object the inculcation of respect for one's elders.'
incumbent	His ordinary life was that of an officer of the Guards, modified by the ceremonial duties incumbent on him as heir to the throne.
incumbency	In my first incumbency I had another of Fowler's buildings among the churches in my charge.
incur	We will need to incur costs to solve the problem.
incunabula	It contains a valuable library with many incunabula and old manuscripts, amongst which is one of the Nibelungenlied, an astronomical observatory, a collection of antiquities, and a mineral collection.
incurable	Herod was stricken with an incurable disease.
incurably	They were more subtly and incurably separated by traditional and legal status.
incursion	There remains to be noted the incursion of amateurs into the histrionic realm.
incus	The malleus and incus cf the internal ear are united, and there is no transverse canal in the skull.
indecency	The night-dances were generally accompanied by much indecency and immorality.
indaba	Indaba is a fairly new brand that began with the demolition of apartheid.
indecent	Carmen looked down, pushing an indecent thought away.
indecisive	Didn't you say he was an indecisive sissy?
indebted	However much Walton was indebted to his helpers.
indecipherable	Yet these actions make the message completely indecipherable to a third party.
indebtedness	Table B shows the total indebtedness of the Ottoman Empire, exclusive of tribute loans.
indecision	Not that any of this indecision was necessary.
indecorous	She paused as if she felt it indecorous to speak of her pregnancy before Pierre, though the gist of the matter lay in that.
indefatigable	Moreover Frederick, who had proved by his wars the importance which he attached to Silesia, was indefatigable in times of peace in his attempts to justify his usurpation.
indeed	A sailor's life is indeed a hard life.
indefatigably	But, with all his faults, he devoted himself so indefatigably to the service of the state, that the period of his reign could be characterized as a golden age.
indefensible	Although various commanders had reported the Sleme - Mrzli line indefensible, steps which should have followed logically had not been taken.
indefinite	Rostov still had the same indefinite feeling, as of shame.
indefeasible	The second was called for by the preference which the common law gave to a distant collateral over the brother of the half-blood of the first purchaser; the fourth conferred an indefeasible title on adverse possession for twenty years (a term shortened by Lord Cairns in 1875 to twelve years); the fifth reduced the number of witnesses required by law to attest wills, and removed the vexatious distinction which existed in this respect between freeholds and copyholds; the last freed an innocent debtor from imprisonment only before final judgment (or on what was termed mesne process), but the principle stated by Campbell that only fraudulent debtors should be imprisoned was ultimately given effect to for England and Wales in 1869.1 In one of his most cherished objects, however, that of Land Registration, which formed the theme of his maiden speech in parliament, Campbell was doomed to disappointment.
indefinable	Green would admit that in a certain sense the conception of good is indefinable, i.e.
indehiscent	On this basis, with other interesting morphological comparisons, Brefeld erected his hypothesis, now untenable, that the Ascomycetes and Basidiomycetes diverge from the Zygomycetes, the former having particularly specialized the ascus (sporangial) mode of reproduction, the latter having specialized the conidial (indehiscent one-spored sporangiole) mode.
indefiniteness	There is no doubt that considerable indefiniteness in regard to the precise status and rank of the ruling elder is cornmonly prevalent.
indefinitely	The induction, however, continues to increase indefinitely, though very slowly.
indelibly	Although they'd been together but a half-dozen times, each remained with him, indelibly imprinted in his memory.
indelible	I had my thumb out, ready for the indelible ink.
indemnification	The Act requires any indemnification to be disclosed in the company's accounts.
indelicate	She is so near to me that it almost seems indelicate to speak of her.
indemnity	Members of the Senate and of the House of Commons receive an annual indemnity of $250o, with a travelling allowance.
indemonstrable	Such immediate or indemonstrable judgments, it is said, abound in our experience.
indemnify	The money, about L13000,000, could probably have been obtained to indemnify Chile if occasion for it arose.
indent	These tags indent the bloodvessel.
independence	Our independence is nonnegotiable.
indentation	The bay itself is a shallow indentation of the coast, and is fringed with high picturesque cliffs, breached in places by steepsided narrow gullies.
indescribable	His incommensurable and indescribable masterpiece of mingled humour, wisdom, satire, erudition, indecency, profundity, levity, imagination, realism, reflects the whole age in its mirror of hyperAristophanic farce.
independency	Thenceforth 4 The opposite of this external Independency, admission of civil oversight even for churches enjoying internal ecclesiastical selfgovernment, was also common, being the outcome of the traditional Puritan attitude to the state.
indescribably	The place where that may occur is always the same, and indescribably pleasant to all our senses.
indenture	At the end of the session the children will be asked to sign an indenture to become apprentices for a period of 7 years.
indestructibility	In this work, the product, according to Lange, of a fanatical enthusiasm for humanity, he sought to demonstrate the indestructibility of matter and force, and the finality of physical force.
indestructible	It may mean what is ordinarily understood by the word - climate, rainfall, railway rates or anything else except indestructible powers of the soil.
indeterminate	There is no recognition whatever of the principle of the indeterminate sentence.
indeterminacy	The connection we already have involves the Proposition of Neural Indeterminacy, probabilistic causation, and the Correlation Hypothesis.
indeterminism	To this Scotus opposed an indeterminism of the extremest type, describing the will as the possibility of determining itself motivelessly in either of two opposite senses.
index	A numbered index card was stationed beside each item.
india	The centre of interest now shifts to the India House and to the British parliament.
indicate	This time he didn't simply indicate what he felt.
indexation	First of all, several methods of endowment contract indexation are described.
independent	I'd like space to do some independent experiments too.
indiaman	In May 1685 another English ship the Good Hope was wrecked in crossing the bar at Port Natal and in February 1686 the Stavenisse, a Dutch East Indiaman, was wrecked a little farther south.
independently	This is independently suggested by the contents and vicissitudes of the purely ecclesiastical traditions.'
indication	She displays no indication of homesickness.
indices	A volume of elaborate indices was edited by I.
indictment	They moved to quash the indictment on which he was brought to trial.
indict	Federal grand juries vote to indict 99% of the time.
indicative	All these remains are indicative of a bridge.
indicator	The crane is associated with her as an indicator of the weather.
indian	I heard once that an Indian can smell cigarette smoke for six miles.
indictable	The common law of England treats blasphemy as an indictable offence.
indifferent	Mr. Reynolds was indifferent to the subject.
indifferentism	And we have seen as the consequence of all this the development of an historical situation in which the leaders of current orthodoxy ally themselves with the indifferentism which accepts existing political conditions in order to put down a disturber of the peace.
indigent	Many workhouses have been established for indigent persons capable of work.
indifferently	The Coral Limestone series lies indifferently upon the older beds.
indifference	Under that facade of indifference beats a heart primed for breaking.
indigence	The hurricane, too, was followed by repeated droughts, and the inhabitants of the out-islands were reduced to indigence and want, a condition which is still, in some measure, in evidence.
indigestion	Eating a low fat diet can help to avoid indigestion which is also possible.
indies	His health had broken down, and he visited the West Indies, where his wife died of yellow fever.
indigestible	Horses cannot vomit to get rid of toxins, or indigestible food.
indignant	He gave an indignant reply.
indignantly	He indignantly rebuked his rival's language and demeanour.
indigenous	The most indigenous inhabitants were the American Indians.
indirect	The indirect effects of temperature are also important.
indiscernible	Their heavenly raiment was so smutty that its original color was indiscernible.
indignity	For the first three days, Carmen endured the indignity of his chagrin.
indirection	We simply -- resolve the double indirection and thats it.
indirectly	Extinction may come about indirectly and even more surely.
indirectness	Full explanations do not remove from some important transactions in his political life an impression of indirectness.
indignation	Everywhere intense indignation was aroused by the cruel tortures and executions.
indigo	The indigo and cotton plants grow wild.
indiscreet	He is sometimes rather indiscreet, but I do assure you he is exceedingly clever.
indiscretion	They will not condescend or take any notice of their indiscretion.
indiscriminate	He is friendly to Stephen, but not an indiscriminate partisan.
indiscreetly	Gates recommended him for a brigadier-general's commission for services which another actually performed, and succeeded in gaining it, but their friendship was broken by the collapse of the Conway Cabal against Washington in which both were implicated and about which Wilkinson had indiscreetly blabbed.
indiscipline	Ahmed gave himself up to pleasure during the remainder of his reign, which ended in 1617, and demoralization and corruption became as general throughout the public service as indiscipline in the ranks of the army.
indiscriminately	Many words are used indiscriminately as nouns, adjectives or verbs, without any change of form.
indisputably	Denmark was indisputably the leading Scandinavian power.
indisputable	His patriotism is as indisputable as his genius.
indisposed	She is indisposed at the moment.
indisposition	Mr Stuart did not finish his task on this occasion, on account of indisposition and other causes.
indissoluble	Religion and righteousness were henceforth welded into an indissoluble whole.
indispensable	After a night's sleep the news is as indispensable as the breakfast.
indistinct	The path became more indistinct with each step, eventually coming to an end in dense underbrush.
indissolubly	The calculus of variations is indissolubly associated with his name.
indistinctly	At some stations the minimum in the afternoon is indistinctly shown, but at Tokyo and Batavia it is much more conspicuous than the morning minimum.
indistinguishable	His eyes glowed darker than night, two black holes in his otherwise indistinguishable face.
indium	The precipitated indium hydroxide is converted into a basic sulphite by boiling with excess of sodium bisulphite, and then into the normal sulphite by dissolving in hot sulphurous acid.
individualism	In practice individualism is chiefly concerned to oppose the concentration of commercial and industrial enterprise in the hands of the state and the municipality.
individuality	All their hymns, epics and histories were bound up with their individuality as a free people.
individualize	Try to individualize each card to the person who will receive it.
individually	Such modification is said to be individually acquired.
individualization	In order that the Life may act, though it is not necessary that it should act, individualization is necessary.
individualistic	The individualistic view is expressed in xv.
individualist	Jefferson's distrust of governments was nothing exceptional for a consistent individualist.
indivisibility	Such arguments as the indivisibility of the soul and its persistence can at most indicate the possibility of immortality.
individuation	Knowledge, therefore, with its vehicle, the intellect, is dependent upon the existence of certain nerve-organs located in an animal system; and its function is originally only to present an image of the interconnexions of the manifestations external to the individual organism, and so to give to the individual in a partial and reflected form that feeling with other things, or innate sympathy, which it loses as organization becomes more complex and characteristic. Knowledge or intellect, therefore, is only the surrogate of that more intimate unity of feeling or will which is the underlying reality - the principle of all existence, the essence of all manifestations, inorganic and organic. And the perfection of reason is attained when man has transcended those limits of individuation in which his knowledge at first presents him to himself, when by art he has risen from single objects to universal types, and by suffering and sacrifice has penetrated to that innermost sanctuary where the euthanasia of consciousness is reached - the blessedness of eternal repose.
individual	How do you find individual cases?
indivisible	Then in the earliest stage each object counted is indivisible; either we are
indolently	He rode silently on his small gray horse, indolently answering suggestions that they should attack.
indochinese	The inhabitants, in accordance with the IndoChinese custom of the day, were transported to Lower Siam.
indoctrinate	Gabriel will indoctrinate you to our ways, teach you to feed properly.
indolence	But his incurable indolence and love of pleasure prevented him from taking any active part in affairs.
indomitable	Doria was a man of indomitable energy and a great admiral.
indolent	The natives were allowed to live the indolent life of the tropics.
indonesian	These influences include Spanish, Moroccan, Japanese, Muslim, and even some Chinese and Indonesian.
indubitable	But however indubitable that conclusion and the officer's conviction based upon it, Pierre felt it necessary to disillusion him.
indubitably	He was indubitably the most extraordinary of all the Catherinian favourites.
indoor	The wood is hard, heavy and of fine grain, quite equal to the best British oak for indoor use, but of very variable durability where exposed to weather.
induced	I could not be induced to tell where the key was.
indoors	When a rainy day keeps me indoors, I amuse myself after the manner of other girls.
inducement	Snakes are the most stationary of all vertebrates; as long as a locality affords them food and shelter they have no inducement to change it.
induct	By the new policy inaugurated by Dr William Robertson (1721-1793), which led to the second secession, the assembly compelled presbyteries to give effect to presentations, and in a long series of disputed settlements the call, though still held essential to a settlement, was less and less regarded, until it was declared that it was not necessary, and that the church courts were bound to induct any qualified presentee.
inductance	If L and N are the inductances of any two circuits which have a coefficient of mutual inductance M, then M/-/ (LN) is called the coefficient of coupling of the circuits and is generally expressed as a percentage.
inductively	On the other hand, they are constantly impressed by his power of reasoning both deductively and inductively, by the subtlety and fertility of invention with which he applies analogies, by the clearness and keenness of his observation, by the fulness of matter with which his mind is stored, and by the consecutive force, the precision and distinctness of his style, when employed in the processes of scientific exposition.
indulge	At the same time the crown prince was able to indulge to the full his personal tastes.
induce	Lack of other ingredients may also induce chlorotic conditions.
inductor	The top trace shows the current through the charging inductor during the charging cycles.
indulgent	Swedish historians have been excusably indulgent to the father of their greatest ruler.
inductive	How little this criticism was justified may be seen from the fact that Mill's inductive logic was the direct result of his aspirations after political stability as determined by the dominion of the wisest (Examiner letters).
industrial	Rajputana is very poor in industrial production.
indulgence	German chocolates are my only indulgence.
industrialism	These advances in natural science, which pointed to a unity and gradual evolution in nature, were accompanied by a growth in commerce, manufactures and industrialism; the same kind of spirit showed itself in the revolutionary upheaval of 1848, and in the materialistic publications which immediately followed, while these XVIII.
industrialist	How is millionaire industrialist Norman Osborn involved in the case?
industrially	Industrially and commercially they virtually form a part of Troy.
induction	The ordination and induction of ministers is always the act of a presbytery.
indulgently	The line of indulgently soft, pampering duds is lightweight and extra-comfortable, making it perfect to wear on a cool spring evening or a truly frigid winter night.
industriously	At this time Patmore's father became involved in financial embarrassments; and in 1846 Monckton Milnes secured for the son an assistant-librarianship in the British Museum, a post which he occupied industriously for nineteen years, devoting his spare time to poetry.
industrious	He said she was very industrious and happy.
inebriate	Due to falling numbers, the Lewes reformatory surrendered its license as an inebriate reformatory in January 1910.
industry	He was at a place in the industry where he did what he pleased.
inebriated	Any inebriated guests stay out of the water.
inedibility	Some observations, however, of Guy Marshall on the inedibility of certain birds suggest that the resemblance between cuckoos a'nd hawks on the one hand and cuckoos and drongos on the other may be susceptible of another explanation in full agreement with the theory of mimicry as propounded by Bates.
ineffable	Our deepest encounter with God is sometimes almost ineffable, almost inexpressible.
inedible	Again, several species of this order have become profoundly modified in form in imitation of inedible beetles.
inedited	John Bruce, Inedited documents rel.
ineffaceable	Unfortunately, the timid way in which it was done made as ineffaceable an impression on Kruger even as the surrender after Majuba.
ineffectiveness	The first curve frightened the hell out of him and he knew the brake pres­sure necessary to slow him from this speed could not be engaged all the way down the mountain without overheating the tiny pads to the point of ineffectiveness.
ineffectively	He only rebounded painfully, ineffectively, which served him right for reading fiction.
ineffectual	This battle ended a long series of ineffectual operations.
inefficiency	It is true that his allies provided him with 10 ships of their own, but the Spanish navy had sunk to abject inefficiency.
inefficiently	He rebuilt the temple of Assur at Nineveh, and a palace for himself now covered by the Nebi-Yunus mound and so inefficiently explored.
inelastic	A system so inelastic, and so deadening to all initiative, could have but one result.
inelegance	But I think what's particularly interesting is the relative inelegance of these examples compared to some of the Avalon examples.
ineffective	This half measure was as ineffective as was to have been expected.
ineffectually	He urged ineffectually a national militia system,.
inelegant	Dean caught his breath before answering her inelegant question.
ineligible	Members of Congress and holders of Federal offices are ineligible as electors.
inefficient	We will radically improve the primitive, inefficient process that agriculture is today.
ineptitude	Politicians almost invariably show blundering ineptitude when running the economy.
inequality	The fourth method is through the parallactic inequality in the moon's motion.
inequilateral	Philobryidae.-Shell thin, very inequilateral, anterior part atrophied, umbones projecting.
inequity	We also find evidence of horizontal inequity with respect to ethnicity and employment.
inept	The study failed due to the inept scientist in charge of the research.
inequitable	This is clearly inequitable and if possible a way should be found to avoid it.
ineradicable	It inflicted upon Italy the ineradicable pal wars.
inerrancy	The respect for anything in books, the dogma of journalistic inerrancy which still numbers its devotees by millions, the common acceptance of even scientific conceptions upon the dicta of a small group of investigators, these are but a few of the signs of the persistence of what is surely not a medieval but a universal trait.
inert	He opened the back door of the van and motioned Betsy inside as Molly lay inert on the ground.
inertial	In the area of inertial confinement fusion (ICF ), the Department is conducting an aggressive research program to support the stockpile.
inescapable	The island prison was famed for being inescapable.
inertia	The new A, B, C are called the principal moments of inertia at 0.
inestimable	His services to his country were indeed inestimable.
inevitable	Jessi drew out the inevitable by taking her time to select her food.
inevitability	Inevitability is the form.
inexact	It is therefore inexact to count him among the regicides, as was done by the royalists after 1815.
inexcusable	Such rudimentary and imperfect sketches would be quite excusable in a first draft, but inexcusable and incredible after the Nicomachean Ethics had been written.
inexactness	In the case of other systems, owing to the inexactness of our information, we are unable to decide; the later systems of Mandaeism and Manichaeanism, so closely related to Gnosticism, are also based upon a decided dualism.
inexactitude	The necessity for showing a united front justified the diplomatic inexactitude; but the powers were agreed on little except the need for agreement.
inexhaustible	An inexhaustible intellectual energy and curiosity lay beneath this amiable surface.
inexorably	The theme song to Star Wars in inexorably linked to the film - it would simply be impossible to imagine an installment of Star Wars without it.
inexorable	Napoleon was inexorable in his demands, and Pius VII.
inexpediency	On the vexed question of the interpretation of Article 13 Metternich recognized the inexpediency of requiring the South German states to revise their constitutions in a reactionary sense.
inexpedient	Fichte, while accepting the call, desired to spend a year in preparation; but as this was deemed inexpedient he rapidly drew out for his students an introductory outline of his system, and began his lectures in May 1794.
inexperienced	To her imaginative and inexperienced mind, it was obvious that he was doing their homework.
inevitably	He sat up in bed, waiting for her to come in and show him the shoes she inevitably bought.
inexpensively	Every project has been pretested tangram puzzle shapes and can be performed safely tangram puzzle shapes and inexpensively in the classroom or at home.
inexplicable	Inexplicable anger at the politician surged through her.
inexplicably	They view the opposition by others to the actions of their country as treason, or at least, inexplicably self-destructive.
inexperience	The weight allowance is not enough to overcome the course inexperience.
inexpensive	Dean grabbed a bottle of inexpensive merlot and three glasses.
inexpugnable	Nevertheless pleasure forms an inexpugnable element of the moral aim (§ 16).
inexpressibly	It delighted me inexpressibly to find that they knew the manual alphabet.
inexpressible	What an inexpressible joy it will be to read about Achilles, and Ulysses, and Andromache and Athene, and the rest of my old friends in their own glorious language!
inextinguishable	But nothing could now allay the inextinguishable hatred of the conquered people.
infallible	You're not infallible like me.
inextricably	He felt the good and bad within himself inextricably mingled and overlapping.
infamy	After ages have held up Phalaris to infamy for his excessive cruelty.
inextricable	From this criginal task arose a second, that of affording shelter to the fragments of peoples heaped together in inextricable confusion in this corner of the earth.
infallibility	As for infallibility, this was a direct grace of God, given only to the few.
infamously	Could it be mere coincidence that the one man who infamously took a giant airline to task would suffer another incident the next time he used their service?
infallibly	Thus dogma is revealed and is infallibly true.
infanta	The royal family, especially the queen and the infanta Isabella, often stayed at Segovia, and Torquemada became confessor to the infanta, who was then very young.
infante	Antonio and Francesco both having died childless, the duchy passed to Charles of Bourbon (Don Carlos), infante of Spain, who, becoming king of Naples in 1734, surrendered Parma and Piacenza to Austria, but retained the artistic treasures of the Farnese dynasty which he had removed from Parma to Naples.
infantile	However, they have no place in the treatment of infantile colic.
infanticide	The southern and western peoples still practise infanticide as regards children born on several unlucky days in each month.
infarct	This necrosed area forms the pale infarct.
infancy	His two sons had died in infancy, and his successor was his only legitimate child, Mary.
infamous	His adopted son was the infamous Nana Sahib.
infarction	The clot or thrombus may lead to infarction, or death of tissue, due to a blocked blood supply.
infatuated	He's obviously infatuated with her.
infatuation	Other than an infatuation with Josh before she met Alex, there had been no one else.
infantryman	David, to his slight surprise, had become an infantryman.
infection	The x-rays were conclusive and indicated a bad infection in the lower lobe of one lung.
infeasible	However, this approach would very quickly become infeasible with more than a few parameters.
infect	He also believes that human beings may infect rats.
infectious	In 1878 an act was passed giving like powers in the case of the infectious diseases of animals.
infectivity	No infectivity was shown in these tests of fetal calf serum.
infective	In the case of the latter animal the serum infective conditions led Metchnikoff to place great p g importance on phagocytosis.
infelicity	Finally, the amendments correct an infelicity in the drafting of the recital.
infer	You can infer the meaning of the word from the context of the rest of the sentence.
infantry	Several thousand cavalry crossed in front of the infantry, who had to wait.
inferential	History of an inferential and summary sort only can be derived from monuments in the absence of written records.
infertile	Passing the high and rugged Blue Ridge, which is infertile except in the intervening valleys of its S.W.
infernal	The lake of Avernus, as an entrance to the infernal regions, was sacred to her.
inferno	When her face became a raging inferno, he smiled.
infestation	The gateway between realms is cracked, and I have a slight Watcher infestation problem.
infest	Sharks infest the estuaries.
inferiority	La Salle, unwilling to accept a position of inferiority, left the Canaries and appealed unsuccessfully for redress at the court of Castile.
inferior	It has inferior guarantees, as compared with our knowledge of the mechanism of nature.
infield	Farms were divided into infield and outfield; corn crops followed one another without the intervention of fallow, cultivated herbage or turnips, though something is said about fallowing the outfield; enclosures were very rare; the tenantry had not begun to emerge from a state of great poverty and depression; and the wages of labour, compared with the price of corn, were much lower than at present, though that price, at least in ordinary years, must appear extremely moderate in our times.
infighting	After the Combat Rock tour in 82-83, he left the band, saying he could not longer deal with the infighting that had become the norm for the band.
infidelity	Don't you start that infidelity stuff on me.
infidel	Jamie's neighbors constantly asked him to go to church and called him an infidel when he refused.
infilling	Heulandite, with thomsonite, stilbite, scolecite, calcite and chalcedony, occur as infilling minerals.
infinite	The true physical conception is motion, the ultimate ground of which is to be sought in God's infinite power.
infertility	I wanted to do something that would raise awareness and money for infertility so I Posed for a Purpose and donated a portion of the sales to Resolve.org, the infertility organization that I am a spokeperson for.
infill	Vertical services can be installed between infill blocks and the void made good with in-situ concrete.
infant	Martha was alone with an infant and it was after nine o'clock.
infiltration	The theory of the subsequent infiltration of the gold is that generally accepted.
infiltrate	Anger can start in one area and infiltrate the rest of the areas of your life.
infinitesimally	But originally they existed in infinitesimally small fragments of themselves, endless in number and inextricably combined throughout the universe.
infinitesimal	In mechanics we are specially concerned with the theory of infinitesimal displacements.
infinitude	The innermost character of that ego is an infinitude in act and effort.
infinitely	We don't need our computers to be infinitely fast, just a whole lot faster than they are today.
infinitive	B is replaced by the surd pat the end of a word (trobar in the infinitive, but trop in the present tense); so also in the interiOr of a word when it precedes a consonant (supvensr, s u b v e n i re, sopte, s u b t 0).
infirm	He tells us that he was then old and infirm.
inference	The inference was insulting.
infirmary	In the same group with the infirmary is the school for the novices.
infirmity	We therefore do him the injustice of mistaking his infirmity for perversity.
infix	Thus, in Sumerian we find such forms as numunnib-bi, he speaks not to him, where the negative prefix nu and the verbal prefix mun are in harmony, but in dissimilation to the infix nib, to him, and to the root bi, speak, which are also in harmony.
inflammability	Gas has the disadvantage that in case of a collision its inflammability may assist ally fire that may be started.
inflamed	The war of national aggrandizement, being in its nature a crusade, inflamed the religious enthusiasm of the people.
inflame	This act served still further to inflame the minds of the Belgians against the Dutch.
inflatable	Dressed in yellow (banana skins) and carrying large inflatable bananas they added a splash of color to the annual carnival procession.
inflammable	In ancient times meteors were supposed to be generated in the air by inflammable gases.
inflated	As currency is inflated, prices rise.
infinity	We have intuitions of cause, of infinity, of good and Flint.
inflate	Once it hit water, it would inflate, and the water-breather would activate.
inflammatory	After a short period of freedom she was again arrested for making inflammatory speeches.
inflator	I figger I could attach an inflator hose much quicker than I can get to anyone I dive with.
inflationary	Any attempt to continue expansion at this rate would lead to inflationary overstrain.
inflected	Adjectives are inflected for number and gender.
inflection	We live at a defining moment for humanity, as the compounding effects of technology and civilization reach an inflection point.
inflectional	Where phonological change brings this about, the offending inflectional morphemes are replaced.
inflation	Governments respond to that inflation by freezing prices.
inflict	She wanted to inflict pain.
inflexible	Remember, it's far harder to walk in thick, inflexible soles.
inflexibility	Other Greek statesmen, and notably Tricoupis, had worked for a Balkan League but failed, partly, no doubt, owing to adverse circumstances, but partly also because of Greek unpreparedness for war and of the inflexibility of the Greek claims. Venizelos was, it is true, favoured by circumstances - the Balkan races just then had been drawn together in self-defence against the newly fledged tyranny of the Young Turks in Macedonia and Thrace, while the military revolt of 1909 had swept the Greek political stage clear of nearly all the corrupt parties, that hitherto had blocked the wheels of the nation's progress.
inflexibly	Yielding and accommodating in non-essentials, he was inflexibly firm in a principle or position deliberately taken.
inflexion	There is no inflexion to distinguish number, gender or case.
infliction	Tornadoes are also a not infrequent infliction, least common in the west.
influence	I'm a bad influence on you.
inflow	The principal time of inflow of North Sea water is during spring and summer.
inflowing	The sinkingdown occurs in the Kattegat when the inflowing Atlantic water enters the Baltic as an undercurrent which is both warmer and denser than that on the surface.
inflammation	This resulted in an inflammation of the upper membrane of the brain, delirium and death.
inflorescence	Hardy bulbs of the garlic family, some species of which are ornamental; the inflorescence is umbellate.
influential	The only thing she had to offer him was an influential father-in-law.
info	Getting a lot of good info out of this one.
inform	Allow me to inform you...
informality	It.s an informality that the Ancients respect about visiting us, Helga said.
informant	In receiving this kind of evidence, then, we need to know the character of our informant, his means of communicating with the heathen, his power of testing evidence, and his good faith.
influenza	Those of the plains find the temperature chilly, and are stricken down with influenza and pains in the limbs.
influx	The influx of winter visitors adds to the wealth of the city.
informative	The educational lecture was informative and worth the trip.
informally	General remarks Informally, a prolog program is a collection of statements, in first-order predicate logic.
informatics	Informatics seeks to understand and to construct (or reconstruct) such systems, using analytic, experimental and engineering methodologies.
informer	And he gives as a crowning instance that he exposed himself to the hatred of the informer Cyprianus by preventing the punishment of Albinus, a man of consular rank.
infra	The municipal archives contain interesting documents of the whilom imperial chamber (see infra).
informational	There are many online calculators that are free and easy to use, and they serve well for a basic estimate and informational purposes.
informal	All eateries have friendly staff and informal dining.
infraction	Immediately the powers protested against this infraction of the law of liquidation, and the Caisse applied for a writ to the Mixed Tribunals.
information	Getting information about him from Katie is too much work.
informed	I have informed him of the matter.
infrastructure	I didn't expect the critical infrastructure to disintegrate so fast.
infringe	Beware of making any distinctions which may infringe equality.
infrequency	The absence or extreme paucity of mosquitoes no doubt accounts for the infrequency of malarial fever in the interior.
infrared	Sunscreens for plants protects them from ultraviolet and infrared radiation.
infrequent	Frosts are infrequent, and snow does not lie long.
infringement	The video was posted at YouTube.com but has since been removed due to copyright infringement.
infrequently	It was not infrequently used as a place of exile.
infusibility	Charcoal is valuable for its infusibility and low conductivity for heat (allowing substances to be strongly heated upon it), and for its powerful reducing properties; so that it is chiefly employed in testing the fusibility of minerals and in reduction.
infuriating	It was an infuriating conversation, resulting in a big, fat zero.
infusible	The oxide dissolves slowly in acids; it is not reduced by hydrogen and is infusible.
infuse	Like Van Gogh, you can infuse words with your own vision without becoming esoteric.
infusorial	The most important export is fish, other items being seaweed, marble, preserved foods, butter and margarine and infusorial earth.
infusion	The infusion contains very little of the oil and is of very slight value.
ingenious	This ingenious device originated in America.
infusoria	He defined them as possessing radial instead of bilateral symmetry, and as apparently destitute of nervous system and sense organs, as having the circulatory system rudimentary or absent, and the respiratory organs on or coextensive with the surface of the body; he included under this title and definition five classes, - Echinodermata, Acalepha, Entozoa, Polypi and Infusoria.
ingenuous	Beside, there's no such thing as idiot-proof; idiots are far too ingenuous.
ingathering	The last and most characteristic festival of Canaanite life was that of Asiph or ingathering which after the Deuteronomic reformation (621 B.C.) had made a single sanctuary and therefore a considerable journey with a longer stay necessary, came to be called Succoth or booths.
ingest	Anybody with a varied diet will anyway ingest adequate fluoride.
ingenuously	McMaster, though devoting several pages to its discussion, very ingenuously declares it ' ` beneath criticism.
ingestion	In other cases the infection of the first host is brought about by the ingestion FIG.
ingeniously	In 1620 he produced The Heir, an ingeniously constructed comedy, and, probably about the same time, The Old Couple, which was not printed until 1658.
ingenuity	The ingenuity of Madame Grotius at length devised a mode of escape.
ingle	A little later, during his temporary absence in England, his followers on the island were reduced to submission; but in 1644, while the Civil War in England was in progress, he was back in the province assisting Richard Ingle, a pirate who claimed to be acting in the interest of parliament, in raising an insurrection which deprived Governor Calvert of his office for about a year and a half.
ingloriously	After an unsuccessful attempt to storm Zatec the crusaders retreated somewhat ingloriously, on hearing that the Hussite troops were approaching.
inglorious	The hostile action of Denmark enabled him honourably to emerge from the inglorious Polish imbroglio, and he was certain of the zealous support of his own people.
ingrained	She wanted to wake up with his scent ingrained in her skin.
ingratiating	Every song is a spirited affair and is further testament to her powerful and ingratiating onstage persona.
ingot	This was cast into an oblong ingot, 1 to 12 in.
ingratitude	I am not a man, that I should repay kindness with ingratitude!
ingratiate	The girl had spared no effort to ingratiate herself, not only with the empress, but with the grand-duke and the Russian people.
ingress	A flow pipe which serves also for expansion is taken from the top of the cylinder to a point above the cold - water supply and turned down to prevent the ingress of dirt.
inhabit	Those which inhabit temperate latitudes hibernate.
ingrowth	The entocodon is to be regarded, therefore, not as primarily an ingrowth of ectoderm, but rather as an upgrowth of both bodylayers, in the form of a circular rim (IVa), representing the umbrellar margin; it is comparable to the bulging that forms the umbrella in the direct method of budding, but takes place before a manubrium is formed, and is greatly reduced in size, so as to become a little pit.
inguinal	The nerve travels to the thigh by passing under or through the inguinal ligament in its own tunnel.
ingrown	Socks will help prevent blisters, calluses, corns and ingrown nails.
ingredient	In Europe the seeds are used as an ingredient in soups.
inhabitation	A stone cottage up the road was the only sign of inhabitation, and a herd of sheep raised their heads as he neared.
inhabitable	Set in the year 2154, the film revolves around the conflict over mineral mining between humans and the Na'vi, a tribe on Pandora, an inhabitable moon.
inhabitant	It would be better if there were but one inhabitant to a square mile, as where I live.
inhaler	Inhaled medications have a special inhaler that meters the dose.
inhalant	Inhalant forms of antiasthmatic drugs may cause dryness or irritation in the throat, dry mouth, or an unpleasant taste in the mouth.
inharmonious	He was at times suspicious of the papal policy, while his relations with Spain were somewhat inharmonious.
inherence	Colour and tone present the appearance of inherence, but on looking closer we find they are not really immanent in things but rather presuppose a communion among several.
inhere	A distinction (chap. 2) is drawn between things which are predicates of a subject (Kae' U?oKEi b tevov) and things which inhere in a subject (iv U7roKEL ivC J); and, while universals are called predicates of a subject, things in a subordinate category, i.e.
inherit	The princess is next in line to inherit the throne of the kingdom.
inhalator	It is best not to use the inhalator in the cold.
inhalation	Oxygen is also administered in chloroform poisoning, and in threatened death from the inhalation of coal gas or nitrous oxides.
inherently	Monarchy is not inherently bad, and there have been fine kings and queens in history.
inhibit	In the exercise of its duty as the protector of the laws it must have had power to inhibit in the Four Hundred, or in the Ecclesia, a measure which it judged unconstitutional or in any way prejudicial to the state, and in the levy of fines for violation of law or moral usage it remained irresponsible.
inheritable	A fascinating character and an extremely patient experimenter, Mendel was a German friar and scientist who figured out that plants (and presumably animals) had inheritable characteristics.
inheritor	Considered from the standpoint of the world outside, the Roman Church is, no less than the Protestant communities, merely one of the sects into which Western Christendom has been divided - the most important and widespread, it is true, but playing in the general life and thought of the world a part immeasurably less important than that filled by the Church before the Reformation, and one in no sense justifying her claim to be considered as the sole inheritor of the tradition of the pre-Reformation Church.
inhabited	He inhabited a separate quarter of the city.
inhibition	Inhibition of glycolipid biosynthesis does not reverse multidrug resistance in cancer.
inherent	It is inherent in every human being.
inheritance	If he does not take the inheritance, we will not have a home.
inhibitor	If the patient does not tolerate an ACE inhibitor (usually due to cough ), an ARB should be substituted.
inhibited	This result created a great sensation, and proved that Transatlantic electric wave telegraphy was quite feasible and not inhibited by distance, or by the earth's curvature even over an arc of a great circle 3000 m.
inhomogeneous	Spatially inhomogeneous optical excitation may provide a means of movement control of the molecular motors.
inhibitory	Of the dry antiseptics iodoform is constantly used in septic or tuberculous wounds, and it appears to have an inhibitory action on Bacillus tuberculosis.
inhospitable	On the side of Portugal a tract of inhospitable country sled originally to the separation between the two kingdoms, inasmuch as it caused the reconquest of the comparatively populous maritime tracts from the Moors to be carried out independently of that of the eastern kingdoms, which were also well peopled.
inhuman	His scream was inhuman even to his ears.
inherited	Martha inherited the property from her grandfather.
inhumanity	She objected to the inhumanity of the experiment, since it was clear that the raw fooders were getting better, while the group taking hospital foods and drugs got sicker!
inhumane	Sadly, these activities evolved into the sadistic and inhumane practice of dog fighting.
inimical	Thenceforward France treated the papacy as an inimical power.
inhumation	Inhumation graves are sometimes richly furnished.
inimitable	But the spirit and the movements were those inimitable and unteachable Russian ones that Uncle had expected of her.
iniquity	He was not indeed the monster of iniquity he is popularly supposed to have been.
inimitably	You know the ones - those stylish belts that are inimitably cool at first glance, so cool you just have to have it, yet deep in your heart you know it probably won't be worn for much more than a year or even a few months.
init	Consequently it was needful to secure his favour, and in order to gain this, gifts were made to him by the local resident population who depended on the produce of the land (see Baal, especially ad init.).
iniquitous	There were rites and customs which only after lapse of time were considered iniquitous.
initial	Her initial reaction was an urge to crawl under the table.
initiate	But he declined to initiate a schism.
initialize	Soon you'll see how to properly initialize them.
initiation	The initiation consists of three stages.
initiator	The point is, you don't have to be the initiator.
inject	Finally, she was able to inject a few words.
initiatory	Girls, too, were scarred at puberty and had teeth knocked out, &c. The ceremonies - known to the Whites under the native generic term for initiatory rites, Bora - were much the same throughout Australia.
injudicious	A minor problem in menageries is injudicious feeding by visitors.
injector	This requires an injector, which is easy to find in most cooking or kitchen supply stores.
injectable	An injectable form of glucagon is sometimes used to treat insulin shock.
injudiciously	He surrendered, and his defence appears to have been injudiciously conducted; at any rate he was fined 200 marks, and condemned to be pilloried three times, to be imprisoned indefinitely, and to find sureties for his good behaviour during seven years.
initiative	Like it or not, we need to take the initiative and set the record straight.
injurious	Bourne (24), the poison exuded by the sting has no injurious effect on another scorpion nor on the scorpion itself.
injunctive	He also has worked on large-scale fraud related asset recovery cases, which has included obtaining emergency injunctive relief in the United States.
injunction	There remain two texts in which the injunction to baptize is attributed to Jesus, namely, Mark xvi.
injection	The animal, after injection, must be kept in favourable surroundings, and any resulting symptoms noted.
ink	The pen has black ink in it now.
injure	If carefully conducted, tapping does not injure the tree.
injury	It wasn't just the injury and meds that made Lana's head spin.
injuriously	The want of a central government opelated injuriously, for it often happened that intricate negotiations and solemn treaties between several sovereign states were required before a line could be constructed; and, moreover, the course it was to take was often determined less by the general exigencies of commerce than by many trifling interests or desires of neighboring states.
initially	Let one jar be initially FIG.
injustice	He repeated every injustice he had ever inflicted on her.
inky	She gasped and dropped to her knees, unable to see in the inky blackness around her.
inkling	She was beginning to get an inkling why the job was still open.
injured	She was injured and in peril.
inked	With her wild-child rep, it's no shock that Jolie is inked, but what about Brad Pitt's ex love?
inkjet	Like CDs, DVDs can be printed using inkjet or silk screen technology.
inmost	I noticed it myself, cried the young duke, pushing his boyish face into the inmost ring.
innards	You've got the innards of an eighteen-year-old.
inn	You've got a inn to run.
inlay	Some early ambones are found in Ravenna, and in the south of Italy are many fine examples; the epistle ambo in the cathedral at Ravello (1130), which is perhaps the earliest, shows a Scandinavian influence in the design of its mosaic inlay, an influence which is found in Sicilian work and may be a Norman importation.
inlaid	Then there is the camp who have the drawers inlaid with foam with all the shapes cut out so you see what's missing.
innate	He had an innate modesty and simplicity of character.
inmate	At the request of the abbess he became an inmate of the monastery.
inner	I drove to inner city Cleveland and parked my vehicle.
innately	There was passion and a deep longing she innately understood only she was able to fill.
inlet	There is now neither inlet nor outlet to the lake in this direction, the mouth of the Ghazal having become a fertile millet field.
innervation	Only a few papers and works can be mentioned here, with the remark that few authors have paid attention to the all-important innervation of the muscles.
inland	There are comparatively few streams and no inland lakes.
innervate	They are, however, less excitable than are the nerve cells which innervate them.
innermost	The innermost character of that ego is an infinitude in act and effort.
innocence	She tried to feign innocence but her eyes were probably full of mischief instead.
innocuous	They were innocuous pieces of code.
innings	He was going to say, for the late innings, but thought better of it.
innocency	His eyes never lost their glow, and were said by a woman to be those of one who had kept innocency all his days.
innocently	His gaze lifted innocently to Carmen.
innocent	The children are so innocent they will believe anything I tell them.
innovation	The rate of innovation is increasing rapidly, though.
innovate	Bali is one of the rare companies that continues to innovate even after decades of proven success.
innkeeper	The innkeeper welcomed him kindly.
innuendo	He offered an innuendo about the drinking problem.
innovator	Luria was an inspirer of saintly conduct rather than an innovator in theories.
inoculate	Your G.P. can also inoculate but may take a while to get to get the vaccine in.
inoculant	In many parts of the world crops in long-term short rotation patterns still show benefits from using a high quality inoculant.
innovative	Housing is a huge industry that will reward innovative products.
inoculation	Two methods of protective inoculation have been used.
innumerable	I've eliminated innumerable enemies of yours the past few years.
inoperable	Perhaps the most valuable of all the medicinal applications of turpentine, and one which is rarely, if ever, mentioned in therapeutic textbooks - owing to the fact that gynaecology has been so extremely specialized - is in inoperable cancer of the uterus.
inoculum	Target plants are mechanically inoculated by rubbing leaves or by dipping tomato roots into diluted inoculum.
inodorous	A typical resin is a transparent or translucent mass, with a vitreous fracture and a faintly yellow or brown colour, inodorous or having only a slight turpentine odour and taste.
inoffensive	The Lapps are a quiet, inoffensive people.
inoperative	The reforms were mainly inoperative and slavery continued.
inopportune	The visit was marked by the greatest cordiality, Count Robilants fears of inopportune pressure with regard to Irredentism proving groundless.
inordinate	Maximilian was also a writer of books, and his writings display his inordinate vanity.
inordinately	Before 1846 the number of small holdings was inordinately large.
inpatient	For people who have a Percocet addiction, an inpatient detox facility may be the best option to ensure successful recovery without endangering their health too dramatically.
inorganic	Secondly, in the Algae, which build up their own food from inorganic materials, we have a differentiation.
inquest	He waved a hand as if to brush her inquest off.
inquiry	A commission of inquiry reported in favor of private management.
inquire	West-Ridgeway, was sent to South Africa to inquire into and report upon various.
inquiline	These later stages, comprising the greater part of the larval history, are adapted for an inquiline or a parasitic life, where shelter is assured and food abundant, while the short-lived, active condition enables the newly-hatched insect to make its way to the spot favourable for its future development, clinging, for example, in the case of an oil-beetle's larva, to the hairs of a bee as she flies towards her nest.
inquirer	The scientific inquirer will find a mass of material in the papers and reports contributed to the numerous.
inquisitor	Ultimately Vieira returned to Portugal with a papal bull exempting him from the jurisdiction of the grand inquisitor, and in January 1681 he embarked for Brazil.
inquiring	He cleared his throat and met her inquiring gaze.
inquiringly	Prince Andrew looked inquiringly at him and gave no reply.
inquisitiveness	I remember how unbearable I used to find the inquisitiveness of my friends' children; but I know now that these questions indicate the child's growing interest in the cause of things.
inquisitorial	English procedure, however, being litigious, and not, like continental European procedure, inquisitorial, in its character, the expert soon became, and still is, simply a witness to speak to matters of opinion.
inquisitive	We were met by three inquisitive stares.
inquisitively	When she didn't respond, he glanced at her inquisitively and then looked uncomfortable.
inroad	In 977 Brian made a sudden and rapid inroad into Donoban's territory, captured his fortress and slew the prince himself with a vast number of his followers.
input	The good feelings about the book were engenderedby visual input.
inrush	Mines may become flooded by the inrush of surface waters in times of great rainfall or sudden floods, or by the undermining of surface waters.
inquisition	The rabbit tired of her inquisition and hopped away a few steps.
insalubrious	Turkey's Arabian possessions comprise, besides El-Hasa on the Persian Gulf, the low-lying, hot and insalubrious Tehama and the south-western highlands (vilayets of Hejaz and Yemen) stretching continuously along the east side of the Red Sea, and including the two holy cities of Mecca and Medina.
insanely	For the first time in my life, I was insanely jealous.
insanitary	In consequence of its insanitary condition, Cairo used to have a heavy death-rate.
insanity	The insanity of what she did was beyond his comprehension.
insatiable	Success only stimulated his insatiable ambition.
inscribe	You can also inscribe messages or even dates to further make your birthstone locket special.
insane	The king became insane in 1454.
inscrutable	It is of the essence of a sacrament to be an inscrutable process.
inseam	Step 3 For most people and bikes the correct saddle height corresponds to 109 per cent of the inseam (crotch to ground ).
insect	A boot came down on the angry insect before it could reach her.
insecticidal	The use of insecticidal shampoos for head lice was associated with almost twice the risk.
insecticide	No, we immediately go out and buy the strongest insecticide we can get.
insecure	She was feeling insecure, and for good reason.
insectivore	The other is a peculiar insectivore (Solenodon paradoxus), the only other representatives of whose family ace found in Madagascar.
insectan	The nervous system is remarkably concentrated in some beetles, the abdominal ganglia showing a tendency to become shifted forward and crowded together, and in certain chafers all the thoracic and abdominal ganglia are fused into a single nervecentre situated in the thorax, - a degree of specialization only matched in the insectan class among the Hemiptera and some muscid flies.
insectivorous	A peculiar sensitiveness is manifested by the leaves of the socalled insectivorous plants.
insecurity	She loved human emotion, but she hated the doubt and insecurity she felt.
insemination	Insemination takes place either by the introduction of the penis into the cloaca of the female, or by the puncture of the bodywall of the female by the penis, and the injection of the sperm into the body cavity, whence the single spermatozoa must make their way to the eggs.
insensate	Speaking next day at a luncheon given in his honour, answering critics who alleged that with more time and patience on the part of Great Britain war might have been avoided, he asserted that what they were asked to conciliate was panoplied hatred, insensate ambition, invincible ignorance.
insensibility	It is customary to use oxygen in combination with chloroform, or nitrous oxide in order to produce insensibility to pain (see Anaesthetics).
inscription	On his tomb is the inscription Approximavit sidera.
insensible	Logical inference from sense is a process from sensible to insensible existence.
insensitive	Don't be so insensitive, David.
insensibly	The welding together of the great Kosala kingdom, more than twice the size of England, in the very centre of the settled country, led insensibly but irresistibly to the establishment of a standard of speech, and the standard followed was the language used at the court at Savatthi in the Nepalese hills, the capital of Kosala.
insensitivity	As of 2004 it is thought that obesity in humans may result in part from insensitivity to leptin.
inseparable	Their gifts were inseparable from themselves.
inseparably	In order to understand the foreign policy of Austria, inseparably associated with the name of Metternich, during the period from the close of the congress of Vienna to the out- Internal break of the revolutions of 1848, it is necessary to know affairs of something of the internal conditions of the monarchy Austria before and during this time.
inset	Dorp (Rec. Pays Bas, 1885, 4, 125); its formula is shown in the inset.
inshore	Lobito Bay has water sufficient to allow large ships to unload close inshore.
insertion	The table is too long for insertion here.
insightful	He gave an insightful presentation on how games can benefit business.
insidiously	The risks of accidents while trotting around with bare feet are insidiously high.
insidious	He experienced the insidious influence of the corporate culture.
insert	The list gives only twenty-nine names, and Mommsen proposes to insert Signini.
insinuate	Will not be ignoble and say the harsh thing, but only insinuate it.
insignia	The insignia of the order are illustrated on Plate I.
insincere	His apology to me seemed as insincere as his motives.
insignificance	One after another they hasten to display their insignificance before him.
insinuating	Moreover, under insinuating and crafty pretexts, Henry IV.
insincerity	She hated that kind of insincerity, but if ever she wanted to deliver it, it was now.
insinuation	I noticed an insinuation in her response that this was a morally preferable position.
insipid	Dean mum­bled an insipid apology.
inside	There was not a sound inside of the cave.
insignificant	Lying to her, even about something this insignificant, felt awful.
insist	I insist that you hire someone to help.
insight	The book gives insight into rural family life in 1930's Ireland.
insistence	Originally a follower of Hegel, he turned to Fichte and Beneke (q.v.), with whose insistence on psychology as the basis of all philosophy he fully agreed.
insistent	He was insistent on meeting with her as planned.
insistently	The alarm clock buzzed insistently and she reached over to slap the snooze button, squinting at the iridescent hands.
insolently	He used the Lutheran theories as an excuse for overthrowing the ecclesiastical aristocracy, which had been insolently powerful in Sweden.
insolation	Symptoms of scorching owing to abnormal insolation e.g.
insole	If you have a foot shape that increases the stresses on your Achilles tendon, a molded insole in your shoe may help.
insolent	They were extremely insolent to the police officers who tried to get them to leave.
insolence	Their crude productions, for the most part, were conspicuous rather for insolence and abusiveness than for logic or learning.
insolvency	We look at your options if you are facing insolvency.
insolubility	They can be distinguished by their insolubility in cupramfnonia, which dissolves cellulose, and by their behaviour towards stains, some of which stain pectic substances but not cellulose.
insomniac	Anxiety makes an individual more alert and keeps the mind active, leading to insomniac symptoms.
insolvent	The insolvent debtor was withdrawn from the yoke of his creditor.
inspect	The state supervisors must inspect each state prison camp and each county prison camp every thirty days.
insomuch	The details of his life are unknown, insomuch that he has frequently been confused with a Christian philosopher of the same name.
insoluble	The insoluble salts are rose-red or violet in colour.
inspectorate	These require the inset appointee to submit to the Inspectorate a risk assessment for each works.
insomnia	Insomnia was a blessing from such darkness.
inspector	The chief inspector of fisheries is a member of the board of agriculture.
inspired	She doubted it was pity that inspired his proposal.
inspection	Her visits are nothing more than an inspection tour.
inspire	These passages inspire a hope, but do not sustain a certainty.
inspiratory	Other causes of inspiratory and expiratory dyspnoea include airway stenosis following trauma, and parasites (eg Filaroides osleri) - rare.
inspiring	A wedding day in Maui should be magical and inspiring.
inspirer	He was for nearly eighteen years the soul of the republican conspiracies, the prompter of revolutionary propaganda, the chief inspirer of intrigues concerted by discontented military men of all ranks.
inspirational	A result of this belief was to give their lives a peculiarly enthusiastic or inspirational character.
inspiriting	This is due as much to the inspiriting teachings of Ritter and Humboldt as to the general culture and scientific training combined with technical skill commanded by the men who more especially devote themselves to this branch of geography, which elsewhere is too frequently allowed to fall into the hands of mere mechanics.
instal	In the interests of their temporal dominion, the 12th-century popes could not suffer an Italian power to dominate on the other side of the Adriatic and instal itself at Constantinople.
install	Alex had the foresight to have the builders install a gas range.
inst	Aspinall on the Lancashire & Yorkshire railway to ascertain the resistance of trains of bogie passenger carriages of different lengths at varying speeds, and the results are recorded in a paper, Train Resistance, Proc. Inst.
instability	Think of the things she would miss and the instability of having no parents.
instant	In an instant he was beside her, trying to take the bale from her hands.
instantaneously	The whole tenor of his thoughts instantaneously changed; the battle seemed the memory of a remote event long past.
installment	The funded debt was then gradually reduced until the last installment was paid in 1903.
installer	You may have to get a qualified locksmith or the installer to fit locks to replacement PVCu or metal frame windows.
instantaneous	His success was instantaneous and complete.
instance	For instance, you may manufacture widgets from lightweight plastic.
instalment	A second instalment of the Highland journal appeared in 1885.
inspiration	It is the main inspiration of Japanese art, which, however, shows great originality in its treatment of borrowed themes.
instantiate	The iterator that is returned uses the given class loader to look up and then instantiate each element of the list.
instar	Young resembling parents, but penultimate instar passive and enclosed in a filmy pellicle.
installation	In a small installation in the United States water is brought in a 36-in.
instill	This will help to instill good habits that will last a lifetime.
instigate	He didn't instigate anything—just the opposite.
instep	The Magician smashed her heel into his instep.
instillation	If a dull aching sensation persists after this instillation then a co-existing iritis, or inflammation of the iris, also called a uveitis, may also be present.
instil	The philosophers only helped to precipitate a movement which they had not created; without pointing to absolute power as the cause of the trouble, and without pretending to upset the traditional system, they attempted to instil into princes the feeling of new and more preciseobligations towards their subjects.
instigator	Again Cesare was suspected as the instigator of the deed, and in fact he almost admitted it himself.
instigation	According to others, he was poisoned by his physicians at the instigation of his son.
instinctively	His grip tightened instinctively around her.
instinct	The moment had made him acutely aware of the instinct to replicate.
instantly	She was instantly thirsty.
instinctive	It was instinctive after so many years.
instinctual	It shows an instinctual expression of friendship and positive self image.
instead	I will try to make friends instead of enemies.
institutional	A Methodist Episcopal institutional church, admirably equipped, was opened in 1906.
instruct	My sisters will instruct you in the behavior I expect of you.
institute	The institute had 55 instructors and 650 students in 1910.
instruction	You don't need an instruction manual.
instructively	The metre is discussed first, each verse is scanned, and each word thoroughly and instructively examined.
instructional	His touch was mechanical and instructional, his attention elsewhere.
institution	The laundress at the Perkins Institution secretly carried her off to give her a bath.
instrumental	He was largely instrumental in the work of strengthening the Church.
instrumentality	It was mainly by his instrumentality that the university plate was sent to the king at York in 1642.
instructive	See the instructive passage in Aristotle, Nic. Eth.
instructress	This was conducted according to the principles enunciated in Locke's Thoughts concerning Education, and the method of teaching Latin and Greek conversationally was pursued with such success by his instructress, Mrs Elizabeth Birch, that at the age of eleven, it is said, Ashley could read both languages with ease.
insubordination	Philip was frequently disturbed by the insubordination of the Flemish communes.
instrumentalist	Quite difficult to replace, Tom is a very accomplished, multi- instrumentalist musician.
insubordinate	While out of office with Pitt, Canning proved a somewhat insubordinate follower.
instrumentalism	This instrumentalism is kept in check by our already established principles of responsibility.
insufferable	This week is becoming insufferable.
insubstantial	We could see light, but otherwise, why was it so insubstantial?
instructor	In1867-1869he was an instructor in the U.S. Naval Academy.
instrumentation	The instrumentation of solo combinations, is one of the largest and most detailed subjects in the.
insula	The insula Batavorum, lined with forts,.
insufficiently	About the Cyrenaica we are still insufficiently informed.
instrument	She knew the essential conditions of the instrument.
insularity	The discovery of the insularity of Greenland might again give rise to the argument as to the distinction between island and continent.
insufficiency	He knew, moreover, the insufficiency of his troops.
insulation	The Evershed and Vignoles form of the instrument is much used in testing the insulation resistance of electric wiring in houses.
insular	Politically supreme, the count became master of the insular Church.
insult	Don't insult them by refusing their hospitality.
insulin	The same year, a technique for treating diabetes, insulin therapy, was developed.
insulate	The rubber tires insulate the vehicle from the earth ground.
insufficient	It may also dismiss a case on grounds of insufficient evidence.
insulator	If any sensible current flows through this insulator the galvanometer will show a deflection.
insulated	This was insulated and highly electrified.
insulting	The inference was insulting.
insupportable	In Kufa a number of the Koreish had settled, and their arrogance became insupportable.
insuperable	This task was destined to prove one of almost insuperable difficulty.
insulating	This was constructed of a shallow box placed in a vertical position, with metallic front and back and insulating sides.
insurability	Check with individual insurance companies if you think you may have a factor that might affect your insurability.
insurable	The following table for the number of insurable hours required for collecting unemployment insurance benefits and the number of weeks an unemployed person may receive them is current as of December, 2009.
insurgency	He was a disciple of Rodin and a leader of the insurgency in America.
insurmountable	Nothing is insurmountable if one is determined enough.
insure	All the provinces have made sacrifices to insure the spread of education.
insurgence	The pope was unable to check this revolution, which is now chiefly interesting as further proof of the insurgence of the Latin as against the feudal elements in Italy at this period.
insurgent	In 1778 he joined France in supporting the insurgent English colonists in America.
insured	Overseas Orders are sent by insured airmail where possible.
insurer	And it suggests that the insurer is not liable for salvage where the policy is free of particular average, which does not accord with practice.
insurrectionary	The Peruvians were now heartily tired of revolutionary Pierola disturbances, and an insurrectionary outbreak in President.
intact	She had tested her freedom and found it still intact – to a degree.
intake	As he opened the door and she caught a glimpse of the music room, he heard her sharp intake of breath.
insurrection	After the insurrection of the 3rst of October he was imprisoned for a short time.
intaglio	He also made with great taste and skill large lustres and mirrors with frames of glass ornamented either in intaglio or with foliage of various colours.
intangible	But not all things are intangible which our senses are not subtle enough to detect.
integer	The efforts which were consequently made in the early days of spectroscopy to discover some numerical relationship between the different wave lengths of the lines belonging to the same spectrum rather disregard the fact that even in acoustics the relationship of integer numbers holds only in special and very simple cases.
insurance	Well, if the insurance doesn't pay, I'll fix it.
intarsia	The rich and beautifully executed intarsia work may be due to Baccio Pontelli.
integrable	If we eliminate P, Q, R from (22), the resulting equations are integrable with respect to t; thus Moa - M0a.
integrate	We need to integrate this new product seamlessly into the framework.
integrally	We know that sleep has been integrally linked to health.
integrity	Integrity is a quality that makes for a successful individual.
integrator	A Morin disk and roller integrator is connected with the apparatus, so that the work done during a journey may be read off.
integrative	Many hospitals offer alternative or integrative medicine centers that include yoga classes.
intellection	As mere subjective function, which it is to the psychologist, it is best spoken of by an unambiguous name, and for this there seems none better than Intellection.
integument	Cephalic shield continuous with dorsal integument; no shell; ctenidium projecting from mantle cavity.
intel	Someone grab me an intel guy!
integration	The integration can be effected without much difficulty.
integral	It might be trivial, but it was an integral part of their marriage.
intellectualism	If the world exists purely to be known, and if every other working of reason comes into consideration qua incomplete knowledge, Hegel is right with his sweeping intellectualism.
intellectual	No community living in full accordance with that code could fail to reach a high moral and intellectual level.
integrated	The changes were integratedinto host genomes.
intellectualist	Hegel's is an intellectualist monism, explaining matter, sensation, personal individuality and will as forms of thought.
intelligence	I'm sure a woman with intelligence will shock you.
intellectually	Intellectually he did not stand in the front rank.
intelligencer	Yet his early military education could have consisted at most of the perusal of the Swedish Intelligencer and the practice of riding.
intelligentsia	He received kudos of approval from the intelligentsia.
intelligibility	It might be supposed that all possible methods had now been considered, and that a combination of the three methods which have established their validity in relation to the interpretation of the Apocalypse would be adequate to the solution of all the problems of the book, but this is not so; for even when each in turn has vindicated the provinces in the book that rightly belong to it, and brought intelligibility into these areas, there still remain outlying regions which they fail to illumine.
intelligibly	Every one said I spoke very well and intelligibly.
intend	Surely he didn't intend to be verbally invisible the entire visit.
intemperance	He died after a short rule, from habitual intemperance.
intemperate	Prisoner was said to be of very intemperate habits.
intelligible	Their action is intelligible enough.
intelligently	She assimilated words and practised with them, sometimes using them intelligently, sometimes repeating them in a parrot-like fashion.
intendancy	Turgot's best known work, Reflexions sur la formation et la distribution des richesses, was written early in the period of his intendancy for the benefit of two young Chinese students.
intellect	As her intellect grew she became less dependent on this sense.
intendant	New France now became a royal province, with governor, intendant, &c., on the model of the provinces of France.
intelligent	They're intelligent kids — good kids.
intended	They were wrong, and she intended to prove it.
intense	The intense sensation startled her.
intension	In all argument it is essential that the speakers should be in agreement as to the Intension of the words they use.
intending	Without intending to do so, her gaze fell to his hand on her knee.
intensification	In my view, slow-onset catatonia is brought about by the gradual intensification of guilt.
intensity	It was difficult to see as the intensity of the falling snow was increasing by the hour.
intensify	I will gradually intensify its use for this purpose.
intensively	As illustrative of agricultural conditions the contrast of the products of farms operated by Indians, Chinese and whites is of considerable interest, the value of products (not fed to live-stock) per acre of the 563 Indian farms being in 1899 $1.40, that of the 16,876 white farms $4.67, and that of the 23 Chinese farms intensively cultivated and devoted to market vegetables $69.83.
intentionally	Her voice was intentionally cool.
intensely	The free acid is intensely red in colour.
intently	He listened intently for a few minutes.
intention	She had no intention of staying here.
intentional	Several ancient writers accuse him of intentional untruthfulness.
intentioned	As has been demonstrated the action taken was one of vacillation between these two courses, and was complicated by a native policy which, though well intentioned and intelligible, needlessly irritated the white colonists (British and Dutch) and did not prevent bloodshed.
intensive	In the verbs there are causative, intensive or frequentative, and reciprocal forms.
interact	I don't interact with people much.
interaction	And it facilitates social interaction and connection.
interactively	This was rendered at 5 frames per second, which would enable a clinician to interactively navigate the virtual colon on a desktop PC.
inter	The president or moderator of each church court was Primus inter pares.
interactional	Therefore, interactional listening is highly contextualized and two-way, involving interaction with a speaker.
intent	It wasn't my intent to hide anything from you.
intercede	Now the father has come to intercede for him.
interbreed	It is to be remembered, however, that all these types interbreed freely, and that many intermediate, and forms of wholly doubtful position, occur.
intercalate	It Has Been Stated By Scaliger, Weidler, Montucla, And Others, That The Modern Persians Actually Follow This Method, And Intercalate Eight Days In Thirty Three Years.
intercept	Would Giddon try to intercept it?
interactive	The cost of interactive information exchange, such as asking questions about products you are contemplating purchasing, has fallen to nearly zero.
interceptor	The target seemed to pull away swiftly from the jet interceptor.
intercalary	In intercalary years the first seven months commence one day later.
intercalation	Others again consider that the whole cycle is a metamorphosis which, beginning in the Heterocotylea as a direct development, has become complicated in the Holostomidae by a larval history, and finally in the Malacocotylea has acquired additional complexity by the intercalation of two larval forms, and is thus spread over several generations.
interception	The interception by the state of the unearned increment, and the promotion of co-operative agriculture, were the most striking features in his programme.
intercellular	Only in rare cases is the mycelium intercellular.
interchangeably	In the 18th century the names Wallis and Belize were used interchangeably for the town, the river and the whole country.
intercessory	Violet vestments are also worn on days of intercession, at votive masses of the Passion, at certain other masses of a pronouncedly intercessory and penitential character, at intercessory processions, at the blessing of candles on Candlemas Day, and at the blessing of the baptismal water.
intercessor	You have no intercessor between you and your Creator.
intercity	The rail companies provide a frequent, high speed intercity 125 train service between all major British cities.
interchange	There is an interchange of the divine and human attributes, a communication of the former which deifies the receptive and passive human nature.
intercession	The account of Moses' intercession has been preserved in J, though the narrative has undergone considerable dislocation.
intercolonial	The council held eight meetings, at which many matters of intercolonial interest were discussed.
intercom	Jimmy's scratchy voice came across the intercom.
interchangeable	But it is possible that the terms at an early date were interchangeable, Canaan being geographical and Amorite ethnical.
intercommunication	Equally exaggerated are the statements as to the linear and lateral extent of the catacombs, and their intercommunication with one another.
interconnecting	In November they installed three manholes and the interconnecting pipes for the sewer diversion to be completed after the pound is lowered.
intercontinental	The greatest of the intercontinental seas, the Arctic, comes nearest to oceanic conditions in the extent and depth of its depressions.
interconnection	The interconnection tunnel I was standing in seemed to have a larger diameter than a standard underground station foot passageway.
interconnect	How do I interconnect different alarms that are ' interconnect different alarms that are ' interconnectable '?
interconnected	Every day, the world has fewer unreachable corners and a more interconnected population.
intercommunion	It was decided to send a deputation of bishops with a letter of greeting to the national council of the Russian Church about to be assembled (60) and certain conditions were laid down for intercommunion with certain of the Churches of the Orthodox Eastern Communion (62) and the ancient separated Churches of the East (63-65).
intercostal	Intercostal muscles are found between the ribs, and they facilitate movement of the chest wall.
intercross	As these varieties intercross with each 1 See drawings made to scale by Mr Worthington Smith in the Gardener's Chronicle (25th December 1886).
intercut	I decided that the film would be her story intercut with the story of a traveling cinema tour.
interdenominational	The society's interdenominational character has commonly secured - what could hardly otherwise have been attained - the acceptance of the same version by missions of different churches working side by side.
interdependence	Symbiotic association with other animals, in varying degrees of interdependence, is frequent.
interdental	Though represented in English by two symbols this is a single sound, which may be either interdental or, as frequently in English, produced by keeping the tongue loosely behind the upper front teeth, so that the breath escapes partly between the tongue and the teeth, and partly, if the teeth are not very closely set, through the interstices between them (Jespersen).
interdependency	The decision was made without due regard to the interdependency of the parts that make up the whole.
interdict	From some places the interdict was not removed for twenty-six years.
interdependent	In fact, analogical, inductive and deductive inferences, though different processes of combining premises to cause different conclusions, are so similar and related, so united in principle and interdependent, so consolidated into a system of inference, that they cannot be completely investigated apart, but together constitute a single subject of science.
interested	I truly believe he may be interested in doing the same to you.
interdisciplinary	Considering the different causes and types of pain, as well as its nature and intensity, management can require an interdisciplinary approach.
interest	There was little interest in another round of Monopoly.
interesting	You're a very interesting person.
intercourse	It doesn't have to be all about intercourse.
interfacial	Laplace does not treat systematically the question of interfacial tension, but he gives incidentally in terms of his quantity H a relation analogous to (47).
interfere	You may call or have friends over anytime you wish - as long as they don't interfere with your work.
interfacing	A time when you leave the comfort and safety of one teacher in grade school and move to the new world of changing classes and interfacing with many adults.
interfaith	Do you want to get involved with promoting interfaith on campus?
interferon	Chicken interferon gamma has been proposed as a vaccine adjuvant and growth promoter for chickens [5] .
interestingly	Now this is where the game gets interestingly insane.
interface	Featuring a simple interface to control the content of your website.
interferometer	For Terrestrial Planet Finder, five spacecraft, flying in formation about one kilometer apart, will function as an optical interferometer.
interfering	You've done a lot of interfering for someone who believes in free will.
interferometry	Future experimental work will include the use of laser speckle interferometry to measure crack closure.
intergalactic	From there, you can evolve life, build tribes, expand civilizations, and even achieve intergalactic travel.
intergenerational	Early intervention may prevent intergenerational poverty.
intergovernmental	It was an intergovernmental organization for coffee.
interglacial	We have been in the present interglacial for about 10,000 years.
interim	But the king intervened and the existing interim was indefinitely prolonged.
interject	It would be nice to interject a bit of humor, just to keep the mood light.
interjectional	To these gestures let there be added the use of the interjectional cries, such as oh!
interference	I heard you ran interference for me last night.
interior	The dark interior set off caution bells again.
interjection	Chouette is an informal interjection that you can use when you've heard great news.
interlace	Although initially largely illiterate, they brought with them a vigorous art style, characterized by zoomorphic ornament and INTERLACE patterns.
interline	Typically, the minimum interline spacing between rows of text is given by ascent + descent.
interlinear	His greatest work, an interlinear gloss on the Scriptures, was one of the great authorities of the middle ages.
interlock	The table is attached together using slots that interlock making it a great choice for families on the go.
interlocutor	He is introduced by Cicero as an interlocutor in the De oratore and De natura deorum (iii.), as a supporter of the principles of the New Academy.
interloper	They sprinted, only to find the interloper faster.
interlocutory	An interlocutory decree is entered which becomes absolute at the end of six months, unless appeal is entered.
interlink	We use established Couriers such as Interlink Express or Royal Mail Parcel Force.
interlude	At this period occurs a curious interlude in Moldavian history.
intermarriage	A similar penalty attached to intermarriage between Jews and Christians, and an attempt was made to nullify all Jewish marriages which were not celebrated in accordance with Roman law.
intermarry	The sequel shows how a Jew might rise to power in the civil service of the Egyptian Empire and yet remain a hero to some of the Jews - provided that he did not intermarry with a Gentile.
intermediary	The actual role of intermediary was played by the pious queen Hutaosa.
intermediation	Such discharges descend the nerve fibres of the spinal cord, and through the intermediation of various spinal nerve cells excite the respiratory muscles through their motor nerves.
interment	In 1667, the oration at the interment was forbidden by royal order.
interminable	She cried for what seemed like an interminable time.
intermediate	It is intermediate in its nature between land and sky.
interminably	After this the war went on interminably, without complete advantage to either side, Stephen for the most part dominating the eastern and Matilda the western shires.
intermittently	This was the beginning of troubles that lasted intermittently throughout the century.
intermingle	Stories of heroic ancestors and of tribal eponyms intermingle; personal, tribal and national traits are interwoven.
intermission	I'm sorry to have missed act one, but I promise a short intermission before I give act two a try.
intermittent	Shortly afterwards he fell ill of an intermittent fever, but seemed to recover.
intermix	The method once exclusively used consists in mixing the raw materials with a large quantity of water in a wash mill, a machine having radial horizontal arms driven from a central vertical spindle and carrying harrows which stir up and intermix any soft material placed in the pit in which the apparatus revolves.
intermixture	During the middle ages cattle and sheep were the chief farm animals, but the intermixture of stock consequent on the common-field system was a barrier to improvement in the breed and conduced to the propagation of disease.
internal	Sofia found the internal bleeding.
internalize	After all, why do you need to internalize them?
intermolecular	Intermolecular transformations-migrations of substituent groups from one carbon atom to anotherare of fairly common occurrence among oxy compounds at elevated temperatures.
international	I had more than an hour to wait at Philadelphia International Airport.
intern	Some fancy intern catch your eye?
internationale	The Internationale developed its propaganda.
internationalism	The last 10-20 years have seen a growing internationalism in the visual arts.
internationally	Hence the Jews are in no sense internationally organized.
internecine	The partition did not, however, prevent internecine wars.
internationalist	This structure was more internationalist, reflecting greater ecumenism and church independence, and the end of Western dominance in the mission field.
internationalization	Difficulties arose over the continuation of the railway to Adis Ababa and beyond, and the proposed internationalization of the line.
internet	The Internet has allowed for the creation of thousands of new ways to give, both time and money.
internment	By the end of 1975, the government ended internment.
internee	Young men, starting out in life, have often asked me How can I become an internee?
internodal	If L 1 is the internodal distance and U 1 the velocity in a gas, L and U being the corresponding values for air, we have U 1 /U =L1/L.
internode	A single internode of each shoot is swollen to form a pseudobulb.
internally	Internally the muscular layers are lined by an epithelium.
internist	Dr. Frank is an internist specializing in pulmonary sleep medicine.
interoceanic	The opposition of the United States was due very largely to the fear that Great Britain would acquire a privileged position in regard to the proposed interoceanic canal.
internship	They are prepared to offer an internship to the right candidate.
interoffice	Memorandums (memos) are a form of interoffice communications, and samples of business memos are simple to locate and can be used as a guide.
interpenetrate	You cannot in the actual man cut soul and body asunder; they interpenetrate in every member.
interpellation	The right of permitting or vetoing an interpellation rests with the chamber.
interpersonal	His job is commensurate with his qualifications, leadership & interpersonal skills.
interpenetration	The great opponent of their Christology, which was known as Nihilianism, was the German scholar Gerhoch, who, for his bold assertion of the perfect interpenetration of deity and humanity in Christ, was accused of Eutychianism.
interplanetary	To such people a searchlight on a cloud or a bright star is an interplanetary spaceship.
interpol	At its best, Interpol have become The Strokes, but at its worst it sounds totally dysfunctional and confusing on the ear.
interplay	It is important to understand the interplay between all living things.
interpolate	The methods of dealing in cotton are very intricate, and it is necessary here to interpolate an explanation of the relations between the prices paid by spinners for cotton and the quoted spot prices.
interpose	Therefore, players are allowed to physically interpose their bodies between an opponent and the ball.
interpolation	Matritensis 10041 (begun in the year A.D 94 8), the words are omitted under the heading council of Constantinople but inserted under the heading council of Toledo, in the former MS., above the line and in a later hand, which shows conclusively how the interpolation crept in.
interpolator	A, slip as received on recorder, using ordinary relays for translating on to second cable; B, slip as received on recorder, when interpolator is used at intermediate station, for sending on to second cable; C (four cells through a line, KR=3.6), signals with recorder under ordinary conditions; D, all conditions the same as in C, but magnifying relay inserted between the end of the line and the recorder.
interposition	The moon suffers the interposition of the opaque earth.
interpretation	He grinned as he realized her interpretation of his answer.
interpretive	It is a highly interpretive notion, highly context dependent and highly volatile in its meaning.
interpret	He had no idea how to interpret the warning.
interpretative	Martineau's mental qualities fitted him to fulfil these high interpretative functions.
interpreter	An interpreter rode up to the group.
interpreting	The context is absolutely critical to properly interpreting Bible verses.
interprovincial	Interprovincial commerce is free, and the home market is greatly increasing in importance.
interracial	Interracial Dating - Although interracial dating is finding more acceptance across the country and the world, there are some people looking for discreet relationships who want to experience another culture as well.
interregnum	He was now one of the most powerful sovereigns of Europe, for besides ruling over Provence and Anjou and the kingdom of the Two Sicilies, he was imperial vicar of Tuscany, lord of many cities of Lombardy and Piedmont, and as the pope's favourite practically arbiter of the papal states, especially during the interregnum between the death of Clement IV.
interrex	These were greater advantages than the exclusive patrician possession of the offices of interrex, rex sacrorum and the higher flamens.
interrelation	The kat was regularly divided into 10; but another division, for the sake of interrelation with another system, was in 1/3 and 1/4, scarcely found except in the eastern Delta, where it is common (29); and it is known from a papyrus (38) to be a Syrian weight.
interrogation	I have to report for interrogation tomorrow morning.
interrogatory	For especially in Mark, the passing through Jericho, the entry into Jerusalem, the Temple-cleansing and its immediate effect upon the hierarchs, their next day's interrogatory, By what authority doest thou these things?
interrogate	He tried to interrogate me more but I'd had my say.
interrogator	As a former assassin and interrogator, Dusty didn't much care for people to begin with.
interrogative	The verb may be preceded by an affirmative, a negative, or an interrogative particle.
interruption	There is no seasonal interruption in vegetation.
interrupt	I didn't want to interrupt your reunion.
interrupter	In circuit with this battery was placed the secondary circuit of an induction coil, the primary circuit of which contained a telephone transmitter or microphone interrupter.
intersect	Several important roads intersect the province; among them are - I.
intersex	Intersex states may also be caused by a condition called congenital adrenal hyperplasia, which occurs in about one out of every 5,000 newborns.
intersecting	Intersecting rainbows are sometimes observed.
intersection	From every point of the curve of intersection, perpendiculars are drawn to the axis.
intersegmental	The workers in question remain within the nest, suspended by their feet, and serve as living honey-pots for the colony, becoming so distended by the supplies of honey poured into their mouths by their foraging comrades that their abdomens become sub-globular, the pale intersegmental membrane being tightly stretched between the widely-separated dark sclerites.
interstate	Interstate migratIon is an interesting element in American national life.
interspace	The upward thrust is the same, however thin the metal may be in the interspace between the outer mould and the core inside; and this was formerly considered paradoxical.
intersperse	Do not put all of the decorations in one spot, but intersperse them throughout the house.
interstellar	You will find yourself in a vast interstellar spaceship that has gone out of control.
interstitial	In all cases the dimensions of the leaf are enlarged by interstitial growth of its parts.
intertidal	Intertidal and subtidal sediment biotopes may cover very extensive areas of shore or seabed.
interstratified	Serpentines, peridotites and diabases are interstratified with the Eocene deposits.
intertribal	They are liberally supported by alms, direct all .popular assemblies, and have a decisive voice in intertribal quarrels and all matters of consequence.
intertwining	And like the profuse intertwining vines, this Garden of Eden weaves a magic spell that blinds love forever.
intertropical	Later, he spent long periods on the intertropical coasts of Africa and America, and again among the snows of Spitzbergen.
intertwine	Intertwine small white holiday lights around railings and balconies for a merry, yet elegant display and don't forget candles.
intervention	Ruling out divine intervention, this baby is yours.
interventional	The interventional technique used to treat carotid stenosis has improved and new stents and cerebral protection devices have been developed.
interurban	It is served by the Illinois Central and the Chicago & Alton railways and by the Illinois Traction Interurban Electric line.
intervertebral	The intervertebral joints are further complicated by the interposition of a cartilaginous or fibrous pad or ring.
interventionist	The interventionist should also have completed continuing education in the intervention process and have experience in conducting them.
intervene	The British continued to intervene in the inter-tribal disputes.
interviewer	Nick has an ongoing feud with Debbie Matenopoulos, the show's interviewer.
interviewee	In almost all cases, the write-up of the interview was checked by the interviewee.
interval	An interval of three years without rain has been known.
interweave	It then became a rhetorical exercise to recast, adapt or interweave such passages.
interview	This interview was proof.
intestacy	Hence came the ' jurisdiction of the ordinary in intestacy, for the peace of the soul of the departed.
intimate	This new method was like being intimate with a stranger.
intimacy	Yes, you know between cousins intimacy often leads to love.
intima	They supposed that it was accompanied by a peculiar hyaline thickening of the arterial wall, usually of the tunica intima, and hence they termed the supposed diseased state arterio-capillary fibrosis, and gave the fibrous substance the name hyaline-fibroid.
intestate	If the husband dies intestate, leaving no descendants and no paternal or maternal kindred, the whole of his estate goes to his widow absolutely.
intimidate	He wasn't the first to use that tactic to intimidate her.
intimation	It is a faint intimation, yet so are the first streaks of morning.
intestinal	The white blood-corpuscles are produced in the follicles at the base of the intestinal villi.
intimately	John he was intimately associated with the leaders of the parliamentary party.
intimidation	These have led to the secrecy of the ballot, and hence to a greater or less extent have prevented intimidation and bribery.
intimidating	The formidable opponent was extremely intimidating to the young basketball team.
into	Jonathan came into the room, fully dressed.
intolerably	An air-engine working on this cycle would be intolerably bulky and mechanically inefficient.
intine	The intine is uniform in different kinds of pollen, thin and transparent, and possesses great power of extension.
intolerable	Meanwhile conditions grew intolerable for the inhabitants.
intolerant	Roman law was by no means intolerant to the Jews.
intonation	She displayed beautiful intonation and reached the A flat without even a hint of shrillness.
intestine	Moreover, upon the intestine the coelomic cells are modified into chloragogen cells.
intolerance	Berengar stood alone against a multitude, unanimous in their intolerance of discipline.
intoxicated	She stood in the warm silence, senses intoxicated by their bond, his scent and body.
intoxicating	The sale of intoxicating liquors is licensed only in incorporated cities and towns.
intoxication	Theodore had now given himself up to intoxication and lust.
intracardiac	During intracardiac and/or coronary arteriography, ventricular arrhythmias may infrequently occur.
intracerebral	The update indicated that experimental BSE in sheep had been transmitted to mice through the intracerebral inoculation of infected spleen material.
intracellular	Increasing intracellular calcium can have many health benefits.
intracranial	The baby's brain hits the back of the skull if the child is thrown with even mild force and intracranial bleeding can result.
intractability	Of these the Munshi, who inhabit the district nearest the junction of the Benue with the Niger, were long noted for their intractability and hostility to strangers, whom they attacked with poisoned arrows.
intractable	All attempts to arrange a truce between the two intractable conquerors were in vain.
intramuscularly	It may be administered orally, intramuscularly, or by an intravenous bolus injection or infusion.
intramural	The city walls, begun in 1671 and completed about 1740, were almost entirely demolished between 1863 and 1880, only a few insignificant remnants having survived the American military occupation of 1899-1902; but it is still usual to speak of the intramural and the extramural city.
intramuscular	Do not mix cyclizine or prochlorperazine with diamorphine for intramuscular or bolus subcutaneous injection.
intradermal	Known more commonly as permanent makeup, intradermal pigmentation is a revolutionary method that has taken the beauty world by storm.
intransigeant	A fortnight passed before he decided to support Sieyes in effecting a change in the constitution; and by then he had captivated all men except Bernadotte and a few intransigeant Jacobins.
intransitive	An active or causal verb requires before it the instrumental instead of the nominative case, which goes only before a neuter or intransitive verb.
intransigent	Howie remained intransigent in restricting his gift to the rescue children.
intraperitoneal	He had the cytoreductive surgery with the heated intraperitoneal chemo by Dr. Sugarbaker 8/01 and has been in remission until 4/05.
intrauterine	Alternatively intrauterine insemination (IUI) may be performed.
intrepid	A week later all Finland lay at the feet of the intrepid colonel of the Borg, dragoons.
intravenously	Like IV fluids, this medication is delivered intravenously to be most effective.
intrepidity	Such intrepidity is certainly worthy of passing notice.
intricacy	Pricing will vary based on the quality of the wood and the intricacy of the design.
intricate	She started to hand him what looked like an intricate carving in the side of an orange.
intravenous	This can be prevented and treated by intravenous atropine.
intravascular	If disseminated intravascular coagulation is present, the patient should be treated with heparin.
intricately	The music room had raised panel cherry walls and a coffered ceiling with intricately carved beams.
intriguing	Tell me, what's the most intriguing thing about her?
introduce	And why didn't he introduce her?
introduction	Mendelssohn owed his first introduction to the public to Lessing's admiration.
intriguer	But Bestuzhev succeeded, at last, in convincing the empress that Chetardie was an impudent intriguer, and on the 6th of June 174.4, that diplomatist was ordered to quit Russia within twenty-four hours.
introducer	His systematic doctrines founded the so-called natural history school; but his real merit was that of the founder or introducer of a method.
intrinsically	No writer can be less intrinsically worthy of study than Wolff.
intriguingly	Intriguingly, Greengrass ' script never attempts to heighten the drama or the emotion by adding back-stories or even character names.
intro	The CD32 version includes a brilliant animated intro, with cartoony graphics and sampled speech.
intrigue	Her life was notorious for intrigue and perfidy.
intrinsic	Cutting brings out the brilliancy of glass, which is one of its intrinsic qualities.
introductory	In 1781 he followed this up with an introductory manual of Chemical Essays.
introjection	He considered that the whole hypothesis that an outer physical thing causes a change in one's central nervous system, which again causes another change in one's inner psychical system or soul, is a departure from the natural view of the universe, and is due to what he called introjection, or the hypothesis which encloses soul and its faculties in the body, and then, having created a false antithesis between outer and inner, gets into the difficulty of explaining how an outer physical stimulus can impart something into an inner psychical soul.
introit	The York rubric directed him to do it immediately after the first saying of the Introit, which in England was thrice said.
intromittent	Between them is situated, sometimes asymmetrically, the prominent intromittent organ.
introspection	Many of the subjects invoke calm and introspection.
introspective	No man can exhaust by introspective analysis the hidden elements in his personality.
introversion	Child and adolescent psychiatrists are trained to help parents sort out whether their child's level of shyness is normal introversion or indicative of a disorder.
intruder	The intruder fell back out the window.
intrude	He left her mind alone, not wanting to intrude now that she was calmer.
introvert	If you're an introvert, this might not be a problem.
intuit	Many teachers already intuit the strength of this argument.
intrusiveness	Are wearables an effective counterbalance to the intrusiveness of ubiquitous computers?
intuition	On the side of intuition, self-evidence of scientific principles is spoken of.
intubation	In infants with pulmonary problems, tracheal intubation (an airway placed in the trachea) may be performed.
intubate	If aspiration occurs at induction then intubate the patient and clear the airways with suction.
intrusion	Alex had invited her to look at his financial files any time she wanted, and yet it seemed an intrusion on his privacy.
intrusive	Yancey tossed his newspaper aside and stomped into the hallway, where he gruffly answered the intrusive caller.
intuitional	Yet Locke's ethical opinions have been widely misunderstood; since from a confusion between innate ideas and intuitions, 'which has been common in recent ethical discussion, it has been supposed that the founder of English empiricism must necessarily have been hostile to intuitional ethics.
intuitive	This excludes all possibility of innate ideas or any faculty akin to intuitive reason.
intuitively	We all understand intuitively there is plenty of food in the world.
intuitionalism	The second type of philosophy, for our purpose, is intuitionalism.
intuitionism	It is, indeed, the cardinal weakness of this form of intuitionism that no satisfactory list can be given and that no moral principles have the constant and never-failing entity, or the definiteness, of the concepts of geometry.
intuitionalist	A pantheist may believe in Law of Nature and go no further; a theist who accepts Law of Nature has a large instalment of natural theology ready made to his hand; including an idealist, or else an intuitionalist, scheme of ethics.
intussusception	The growth of an organic being is simply a process of enlargement, as a particle of dry gelatine may be swelled up by the intussusception of water; its death is a shrinkage, such as the swelled jelly might undergo on desiccation.
inundation	On its left bank stretches the so-called inundation region, 1525 ft.
inulin	The cell sap contains various substances in solution such as sugars, inulin, alkaloids, glucosides, organic acids and various inorganic salts.
inundate	Thus, water, moisture, weep, tears, inundate, irrigate, &c. The word a can also mean shining, glistening, an idea evidently developed from the shining rippling of water.
invader	This invader was very cautious and avoided much of our security.
invalidate	A defect of title or undisclosed liability would invalidate the sale at any time.
invade	To her surprise, color began to invade his dark features.
invalidity	He could not doubt for a moment the utter invalidity of Edwardine ordinations to the priesthood.
invagination	The planula becomes elongated and broader towards one pole, at which a pit or invagination of the ectoderm arises.
invalid	You treat me like an invalid or a child.
invariability	Resuming the inquiry into the invariability of mean motions, Poisson carried the approximation, with Lagrange's formulae, as far as the squares of the disturbing forces, hitherto neglected, with the same result as to the stability of the system.
invariant	This arose from the study by Felix Klein and Sophus Lie of a new theory of groups of substitutions; it was shown that there exists an invariant theory connected with every group of linear substitutions.
invasion	The French invasion of 1862 found only 10 m.
invaluable	It'll make him an invaluable asset.
invariable	The possible forms of the invariable cone are indicated in fig.
invent	I mean, he could invent some story—like, blame me!
invasive	When the invasive sun was shuttered, he tossed the eye-band on the table.
invasiveness	The prognosis involves the type of cancer, its degree of invasiveness, and the extent of metastases at diagnosis.
invective	The coalition, and Fox in particular, were assailed in a torrent of most telling invective and caricature.
invariably	The weakest player in the four is invariably played in the second place (the soft second).
invention	The invention of the damper-pedal in the pianoforte epitomizes the difference between polyphony and symphonic art, for it is the earliest device by which sounds are produced and prolonged in a way contrary to the spirit of real part-writing.
inventive	You have to be inventive, try to get into the criminal mind, think of all the angles....
inventory	I held the inventory to make sure.
inventiveness	Fred Vokes was a man of real inventiveness as well as rare acrobatic skill.
inversion	It is a curious inversion of terms that in recent years has led to the name Sacramentarians being applied to those who hold a high or extreme view of the efficacy of the sacraments.
inventor	Merchiston Academy, housed in the old castle of Napier, the inventor of logarithms, is another institution conducted on English public school lines.
invert	Invert the prepared pans and tap the bottoms to get rid of the excess flour.
inverness	Forres is one of the Inverness district group of parliamentary burghs, the other members being Nairn, Fortrose and Inverness.
invertebrate	Among the other invertebrate groups there is also a large proportion of endemic species.
inverse	There we proceeded from the direct to the inverse operations.
investigate	He gave orders to investigate the matter.
invertase	Fischer found that the enzyme invertase, which is present in yeast, attacks methyl-d-glucoside but not methyl-l-glucoside.
invest	Now I must invest in a new vehicle.
inverter	Normal domestic appliances can be powered using an inverter.
inversely	At barometric pressures such as exist between 18 and 36 kilometres above the ground the mobility of the ions varies inversely as the pressure, whilst the coefficient of recombination a varies approximately as the pressure.
investigative	When you're an investigative journalist, you get to know all the right people... like Mr. Singer.
inverted	The two verniers on the azimuth circle having been read, the magnet is then inverted, i.e.
investigator	The outcome of the whole matter is that the investigator is still baffled in his attempt to discover what effect the use of futures is having upon prices to-day.
investiture	On the other hand the pope ceded to the emperor the right of investiture by the sceptre.
investigation	An investigation proved that to be the case.
investment	Goodness is the only investment that never fails.
invidious	All invidious class distinctions were done away with.
inveterate	It is only the inveterate habit of reading Isa.
invigorate	These services include specially scented products to invigorate, relax, or soothe.
invigorating	The climate is excellent, invigorating alike for Europeans and natives.
inviolability	But when, on the 7th of April 1711, Joseph died without issue, leaving the crown to his brother the Archduke Charles, then fighting the battles of the Allies in Spain, a peace-congress met at Szatmar on the 27th of April, and, two days later, an understanding was arrived at on the basis of a general amnesty, full religious liberty and the recognition of the inviolability of the ancient rights and privileges of the Magyars.
invisibility	Reviewers also mentioned its comfort level and invisibility factor.
invincibility	On the 7th of October was fought the naval battle of Lepanto, which broke for ever the tradition of the invincibility of the Turks at sea.
inviolable	It was further resolved that his person should be inviolable.
invincible	Rome, protected by invincible prestige, escaped.
invitation	They accepted the invitation and were drowned.
inviolate	Species barriers are significant in nature, but not inviolate, he said.
invisibly	They fit, feel and move invisibly with your body and are so velvety soft they are a pleasure to wear.
invisible	They were nearly invisible from the main store.
invitingly	A long throw by Mark Ducket bounced invitingly for Wayne Mills and he headed over hapless keeper Barisic.
invoice	As you suggested, I will repack the fixtures in their original packaging materials and ship them by UPS using the return invoice which you just emailed to me.
invoke	An accused slave could not invoke the aid of the tribunes.
invocation	The spirit of Vedic worship is pervaded by a devout belief in the efficacy of invocation and sacrificial offering.
involucre	The seeds, or properly fruits, are contained singly in a stony involucre or bract, which does not open until the enclosed seed germinates.
involuntarily	She shuddered involuntarily as it slowly uncoiled, stretched across the porch and eventually disappeared off the edge into the tall grass.
involute	Consequently, one of the forms suitable for the teeth of wheels is the involute of a circle; and the obliquity of the action of such teeth is the angle whose cosine is the ratio of the radius of their base-circle to that of the pitch-circle of the wheel.
inviting	Thank you for inviting us.
involution	From serving primitively as the essential organ of the cleft the tongue-bar may have undergone reduction and modification, becoming a secondary bar in Amphioxus, subordinate to the primary bars in size, vascularity and development; finally, in the craniate vertebrates it would then have completed its involution, the suggestion having been made that the tongue-bars are represented by the thymusprimordia.
involuntary	Lisa put shaking fingers to her mouth to silence an involuntary cry.
invite	Did she invite you?
invulnerability	The apple of discord, the arrows of Philoctetes, the invulnerability of Achilles, and similar fancies, are the additions of later poets.
involvement	Leaking this guy's involvement is something you don't want to do.
inwardness	The true inwardness of this movement, its extent and its history, can hardly be recovered at present, but it is noteworthy that the evidence generally involves the Levites, an ecclesiastical body which underwent an extremely intricate development.
invulnerable	No one is invulnerable to temptation, Damian.
inwardly	Though outwardly he continued to live in the same old way, inwardly he began a new life.
involved	I didn't want to get emotionally involved with anyone.
inward	Soon after he had attained inward peace, Luther was ordained.
inwoven	Though phrases and even sentences from many classical authors are inwoven here and there, the narrative flows easily, with no trace of the jolts and jerks which offend us in almost every line of an imitator of the classics like Sidonius.
inwards	The dome, therefore, sloped inwards i ft.
iodic	With iodine compounds, iodic acid is likely to be formed, and hence the solution must be reduced with sulphurous acid before precipitation with silver nitrate.
iolite	In blue tourmaline and in iolite - stones sometimes mistaken for sapphire - the dichroism is much more distinct.
ionic	The almost total absence from Homer not only of Dorians but of Ionians and even of Hellenes leads to the conclusion that the diagrammatic genealogy of the sons of Hellen is of post-Homeric date; and that it originated as an attempt to classify the Doric, Ionic and Aeolic groups of Hellenic settlements on the west coast of Asia Minor, for here alone do the three names correspond to territorial, linguistic and political divisions.
ionization	The vapourpressure equations are seldom known with sufficient accuracy, and the ionization data are incomplete.
iota	But he didn't display an iota of love toward her that I picked up on.
ionize	Like the X rays, the Becquerel rays are invisible; they both traverse thin sheets of glass or metal, and cannot be refracted; moreover, they both ionize gases, i.e.
ion	Since some ions are more mobile than others, a separation will ensue when water is placed in contact with a solution, the faster moving ion penetrating quicker into the water under the driving force of the osmotic pressure gradient.
iodide	For the so-called nitrogen iodide see Ammonia.
ionizer	EdenPURE Signature - The Signature is marketed as the line's healthy home heating system, featuring everything available in the other models as well as a customized humidifier, air purification ionizer and remote control timer.
iq	The Down syndrome adolescent with an IQ of around 50 points does not seem to progress beyond the grammatical level of the normally intelligent child at three years, with short sentences that are restricted in variety and complexity.
ionosphere	A new method of monitoring the ionosphere based on radio tomography can be used to create two-dimensional images of electron density.
ionospheric	It is clear, however, that the flow is severely perturbed by the enhanced ionospheric conductivity caused by particle precipitation into the E-region.
ipa	Publish 3D for SolidWorks May2002 Immersive Design has announced the immediate availability of IPA Publish 3D for much in the news SolidWorks.
iodine	It does not liberate iodine from potassium iodide, neither does it decolorize iodine solution.
ipsilateral	Of the latter, 2 patients underwent ipsilateral nephrectomy, and 1 patient had right hepatic lobectomy plus nephrectomy.
ipecacuanha	The forest products of the state include fine woods, rubber, ipecacuanha, sarsaparilla, jaborandi, vanilla and copaiba.
ipc	For future planning, the archery section will apply to include blind archery but the ultimate decision maker is the IPC.
ira	The Rhetoric has been edited by Sudhaus (1892-1895); the De Ira and the De Pietate by Gomperz (1864 to 1865); the De Musica by Kempke (1884); De Vitiis by Ussing (1868); De Morte by Mekler (1886).
irate	You may have lost sight of what exactly makes you feel irate.
irascible	It is a very quick and highly irascible beast and even known to turn on its pursuer.
iranian	Nevertheless, the general opinion has been that the Scyths were Iranian.
ire	Kiera felt her ire rise at the blatant appraisal.
iraqi	Her gentle demeanor reveals nothing of the brutality she experienced at the hands of Iraqi prison guards.
iridescence	It has a kind of ethereal appearance when it reflects light due to its iridescence.
iridium	Iridium tetrachloride, IrC1 41 is obtained by dissolving the finely divided metal in aqua regia; by dissolving the hydroxide in hydrochloric acid; and by digesting the hydrated sesquichloride with nitric acid.
iridescent	The cream colored siding looked iridescent in the moonlight.
irishman	His father was an Irishman and his mother of Scotch-Irish and Huguenot descent.
irish	Five cups of coffee later and a full Irish breakfast --without the blood pudding --settling in her stomach, she still couldn't shake the throb.
iritis	The risk of developing iritis varies according to the type of Juvenile Arthritis.
iris	Her eyes were almond shaped, the brown of the iris so dark that it was almost black.
irksome	It seemed to Daniel irksome and improper to be in a room at all, but to have anything to do with a young lady seemed to him impossible.
ironic	There were ironic cheers from the side that lost the game.
ironclad	Though wooden ships were still largely employed, the ironclad even then had begun to take a commanding place, and the sailing ship at last disappeared from naval warfare.
irk	The wicked side of her wanted to push in a few books next time he left, just to irk him.
ironical	It is unlikely that he inserted this postscript from a feeling of ironical playfulness, to make the Galatians realize that, after the sternness of the early chapters, he was now treating them like children, playfully hinting that surely the large letters will touch their hearts (so Deissmann, Bible-Studies (1901), 346 f.).
ironically	Ironically, the answer to that question is yes.
ironing	A cabinet drop down ironing board like the wall-mount ironing board cabinet from Improvements is one of the best ways to store and use an ironing board.
ironmaster	In 1762 he had married the daughter of Isaac Wilkinson, a Wrexham ironmaster.
ironmonger	Dublin ironmonger, was born in Dublin in 1740.
ironside	An instance of this is seen in the election of Edmund Ironside, although the Witan outside London had elected Canute.
ironmongery	Ironmongery and steel goods of all kinds, especially locks, machinery, tools and cycles, are produced; there are also tin and zinc works.
irony	I failed to detect any irony in his tone.
iron	From a bar of iron he made four horseshoes.
ironware	Weissenfels manufactures machinery, ironware, paper and other goods, and has an electrical power-house.
ironstone	Ironstone is not extensively wrought, but, on account of the abundant supply of coal, large quantities are imported for smelting purposes.
ironwork	Inside this is a smaller tomb of damascened ironwork.
ironwood	The forest vegetation, largely confined to the Isle of Isles and the southern uplands, includes the Adansonia (baobab), which in the Fazogli district attains gigantic proportions, the tamarind, of which bread is made, the deleb palm, several valuable gum trees (whence the term Sennari often applied in Egypt to gumarabic), some dyewoods, ebony, ironwood and many varieties of acacia.
irradiance	Use the complex amplitude to calculate a quantity proportional to the measured irradiance.
ironworks	The cognate industry of bleaching has been carried on since early in the 18th century, and large ironworks grew up in the latter half of the 19th century.
irrationality	This property is referred to as the irrationality of dispersion.
irrationally	He acted very irrationally about the entire business.
irradiation	The smallest tip is 3.5 mm in diameter and is used mainly for laser acupuncture and irradiation of trigger points.
irrational	It wasn't the money he objected to so much as the irrational logic.
irrecoverable	Such a loss was secondary, relational or indirect and was therefore irrecoverable at common law and also under the statute.
irreconcilable	The limited knowledge which we possess of the original features of the ground within the area of the city makes a reconstruction of the topographical history of the latter a difficult task; and, as a natural result, many irreconcilable theories have been suggested.
irredeemable	The Democrats adopted a platform declaring in favour of indefinitely enlarging the volume of the irredeemable paper currency which the Civil War had left behind it.
irredentism	The Ladins, who formed about a quarter of this group, were not affected by irredentism, but looked rather towards German culture, and were to the end outspoken in their Austrianism.
irreducible	There remains too the consequence that there are different substances, separate from but related to one another; and these substances of three irreducible kinds, natural, supernatural, human.
irredentist	The former at Pavia (15th October I 2878), and the latter at Arco (3rd November), declared publicly that Irredentist manifestations could not be prevented under existing laws, but gave no hint of introducing any law to sanction their prevention.
irreformable	On the 18th of July the pope's decrees were declared irreformable of themselves, irrespectively of the consent of the Church, always provided that they dealt with doctrines of faith and morals, and were delivered ex cathedra - that is, with the intention of binding the consciences of all Catholics.
irrefutable	Kant described it as an irrefutable book.
irrefragable	Such a scheme does not lend itself to discussion here; but as far as evidence is at present obtainable, the conclusion that the fourth evangelist drew up his narrative on the basis of a two years' rather than a one year's ministry appears to be irrefragable.
irrelevance	The biggest criticism seems to be that the people who twitter are saying nothing of importance, and that there is a vast sea of irrelevance among all the twitter feeds.
irrelevant	The strict rules of their noble births seemed irrelevant now.
irregularity	Irregularity of cambium occurs in various families of woody dicotyledonous plants, mostly among the woody climbers, known as lianes, characteristic of tropical and sub-tropical forests.
irreligion	He was summoned before the magistrates of Utrecht to defend himself against charges of irreligion and slander.
irreligious	Speculation fell on irreligious paths.
irregularly	The irregularly shaped precinct around the temple was enclosed by a balustrade about 3 ft.
irregular	A mountain may be described (it cannot be defined) as an elevated region of irregular surface rising comparatively abruptly from lower ground.
irremediable	The rupture seemed irremediable when the assembly of Poissy recognized the order of the Jesuits, which the French church had held in suspicion since its foundation.
irreparable	It's irreparable, even with magic?
irreparably	It's best if you can get a stipulation that allows you to return the merchandise if it's irreparably damaged or doesn't fit.
irrepressible	There is nowhere recorded a simple and irrepressible satisfaction with the gift of life, any memorable praise of God.
irreproachable	He carried himself well in civil life and was of irreproachable private conduct.
irremovable	Though Hastings was thus irremovable, his policy did not escape censure.
irreplaceable	It's a good idea to have a safe place to put valuables and irreplaceable documents.
irresistibility	Within Calvinism itself Pelagianism was revived in Arminianism, which denied the irresistibility, and affirmed the universality of grace.
irresistible	Did he have any idea how irresistible he was?
irresistibly	The little pixel pictures of pop stars are particularly good, and the whole site is irresistibly charming.
irresolute	On his thin, weak legs were heavy chains which hampered his irresolute movements.
irrespective	Moreover the chief object of the Petroleum Acts passed in the United Kingdom has hitherto been to regulate storage, and it has always been possible to obtain oils either of higher or lower flash-point, when such are preferred, irrespective of the legal standard, in addition to which it may be asserted that in a properly constructed lamp used with reasonable care the ordinary oil of commerce is a safe illuminant.
irresponsible	How could she say he was irresponsible when she had left hers out in a storm?
irresolvable	There are no easy questions to things that are seemingly irresolvable.
irresolution	After much irresolution he refused Caesar's invitations and resolved to join Pompey's forces in Greece.
irrespectively	It is estimated that the reduction in yield of the unmanured plot over the forty years, 1852-1891, after the growth of the crops without manure during the eight preceding years, was, provided it had been uniform throughout, equivalent to a decline of one-sixth of a bushel from year to year due to exhaustion - that is, irrespectively of fluctuations due to season.
irresponsibility	The concomitants of these have been irresponsibility and inefficiency.
irretrievably	Rumor has it, however, that the gold-leaf Moreau reproductions have rendered the book irretrievably unprofitable.
irresponsibly	Elisabeth sighed, Jackson behaved very irresponsibly and he is lucky to be sitting here today.
irreversible	The procedure is irreversible, so try the training tips first.
irreverent	It was a sure sign he was forgiven for his irreverent try at changing the age-old ritual of greeting card purchasing.
irretrievable	The Syracusans' work was destroyed by a prompt and well-executed attack; and a second counter-work carried across marshy ground some distance to the south of Epipolae and near to the Great Harbour was also demolished after a sharp action, in which Lamachus fell, an irretrievable loss.
irreverence	The charges it occasioned of profanity and irreverence were natural, but groundless.
irreversibility	Internal causes of extinction are to be found in exaggeration of body size, in the hypertrophy or over-specialization of certain organs, in the irreversibility of evolution, and possibly, although this has not been demonstrated, in a progressive reduction of variability.
irrevocable	A deed done is irrevocable, and its result coinciding in time with the actions of millions of other men assumes an historic significance.
irrigable	In these years, too, owing to the extension of drainage works, the irrigable area of Egypt was greatly enlarged, so that if perennial cultivation was at all to be increased, it was necessary to increase the volume of the river, and this could only be done by storing up the flood supply.
irrigate	They need to be able to irrigate without relying solely on rain.
irritable	His temper was irritable, his habits penurious and solitary.
irrevocably	Stealing from a friend may cause you to irrevocably damage that friendship.
irrigator	If the irrigator neglected to repair his dyke, or left his runnel open and caused a flood, he had to make good the damage done to his neighbours' crops, or be sold with his family to pay the cost.
irritability	This irritability is, as you know, chiefly directed to political questions.
irrigation	Irrigation works have been carried out in various parts.
irrotational	Irrotational Motion in General.-Liquid originally at rest in a singly-connected space cannot be set in motion by a field of force due to a single-valued potential function; any motion set up in the liquid must be due to a movement of the boundary, and the motion will be irrotational; for any small spherical element of the liquid may be considered a smooth solid sphere for a moment, and the normal pressure of the surrounding liquid cannot impart to it any rotation.
irritate	She knew that her going in during the night at an unusual hour would irritate him.
irritating	He might be irritating at times, but he was never boring.
irritant	The salt is a corrosive irritant poison when taken internally.
irritated	She strode to her room, irritated by another thought.
irruption	The beginning of his reign was marked by a disastrous irruption of the Hungarians into Burgundy and Aquitaine (937).
isbn	You can search the library catalog by title, author, keyword, isbn, or class.
ischiadic	The ischium and postacetabular ilium originally enclose the ischiadic notch or incisura ischiadica.
ischemia	Late manifestations may include angina pectoris, myocardial ischemia, myocardial infarction, congestive heart failure and severe mitral regurgitation.
irritation	In spite of her irritation, she couldn't help smiling.
ischemic	Since the renal allograft has no collateral arterial supply, irreversible injury may result if the ischemic time exceeds 1.5 hours.
ischium	In front of the acetabulum a thick process of the ilium descends to meet the pubis, and a similar process behind meets the ischium.
isentropic	Even if the expansion is adiabatic, in the sense that it takes place inside a non-conducting enclosure and no heat is supplied from external sources, it will not be isentropic, since the heat supplied by internal friction must be included in reckoning the change of entropy.
islam	Islam is paramount in Turkey, Persia, Arabia and Afghanistan.
isinglass	Jewellers' or Armenian cement consists of isinglass with mastic and gum ammoniac dissolved in spirit.
ishmael	See further Ishmael, and note that the pair Isaac and Ishmael correspond to Abraham and Lot, Jacob and Esau.
island	He swam to an island that was not far away.
islamism	Possessed of immense wealth, which he had himself acquired in commerce, and held in high esteem as a judge, an interpreter of dreams and a depositary of the traditions of his race, his early accession to Islamism was a fact of great importance.
islander	There is the true Kei Islander, a Polynesian by his height and black or brown wavy hair, with a complexion between the Papuan black and the Malay yellow.
iso	These cylinders vary from 60 to iso ft.
islamic	All have been part of Mr. Basayev's declared goal to establish an Islamic caliphate, uniting the northern Caucasus in secession from Russia.
islet	With the exception of Rose Island, which is an uninhabited coral islet 70 m.
ism	A Deparatianu (1835-1865), whose language shows traces of the new Latinizing school; and Nicolae Nicoleanu (1833-1871), whose powerful poems, full of deep and often mystical reflections, lead on from Alexandrescu to Eminescu, all three being the poets of pessim- ism.
isochromatic	Bertin has shown that a useful picture of the form of these curves may be obtained by taking sections, parallel to the plate, of a surface that he calls the isochromatic surface, and that is the locus of points on the crystal at which the relative retardation of two plane waves passing simultaneously through a given point and travelling in the same direction has an assigned value.
isle	It is found also in the Isle of Pines, and in the New Hebrides.
isochronous	As an additional claim to remembrance, he was the first to solve Leibnitz's problem of the isochronous curve (Acta Eruditorum, 1690).
isodiametric	The term parenchyma is applied to tissues whose cells are isodiametric or cylin.drical in shape, prosenchyma tissues consisting of long narrow cells, with pointed ends.
isogamous	No other family of Protococcales has advanced beyond the stage of isogamous reproduction.
isogamy	Reproduction by conjugation is also known as isogamy, by fertilization as oogamy.
isolate	All she did was isolate the children and Alex.
isolation	This was a vacation, not an isolation camp.
isolationist	The US was then isolationist, largely uninterested in Europe.
isolated	My property is isolated and very quiet.
isolator	Berzelius's investigation of the action of the electric current on salts clearly demonstrated the invaluable assistance that electrolysis could render to the isolator of elements; and the adoption of this method by Sir Humphry Davy for the analysis of the hydrates of the metals of the alkalis and alkaline earths, and the results which he thus achieved, established its potency.
isolating	Lister for isolating a pure culture of lactic acid bacterium.
isomerism	Such isomerism, named stereoisomerism (q.v.),hasbeen assiduously developed during recentyears; it prevails among many different classes of organic compounds and many examples have been found in inorganic chemistry.
isometric	By using the knees to stabilize the pelvis, muscles are relieved of their isometric tasks.
isomorphic	If they have identical discriminator, they may or may not be isomorphic.
isomer	An isomer of cinnamic acid known as allo-cinnamic acid is also known.
isomeric	The researches of Liebig (1823), Liebig and Gay-Lussac (1824), and of Liebig again in 1838 showed the acid to be isomeric with cyanic acid, and probably (Hcno) 2, since it gave mixed and acid salts.
isomorphism	The following table shows where isomorphism may be generally expected.
isopiestic	Taking this ideal limit as a theoretical or absolute zero, the value of H may be represented on the diagram by the whole area included between the two adiabatics BAZ, CDZ' down to the points where they intersect the isothermal of absolute zero, or the zero isopiestic OV asymptotically at infinity.
isopod	These are the plate-like swimmerets and opercula of Gigantostraca and Limulus among Arachnids and of Isopod Crustaceans.
isomorphous	Magnesium sulphate (orthorhombic) takes up ferrous sulphate (monoclinic) to the extent of 19%, forming isomorphous orthorhombic crystals; ferrous sulphate, on the other hand, takes up magnesium sulphate to the extent of 54% to form monoclinic crystals.
isoperimetrical	At the age of nineteen he communicated to Leonhard Euler his idea of a general method of dealing with isoperimetrical problems, known later as the Calculus of Variations.
isosceles	To see this, imagine an isosceles triangle with a altitude drawn.
isotonic	Isotonic contractions are distinctly different from isometric contractions, in that they occur with movement at the joint.
isothermal	The isothermal surfaces are coaxial cylinders.
isotope	Fluid inclusion and oxygen isotope data are typical of basinal brines.
isotropic	The polarization itself is determined from the electric force (P,Q,R) by the usual statical formula of linear type which becomes tor an isotropic medium (.f',g',h') = c2(P,Q,R), because any change of the dielectric constant K arising from the convection of the material through the aether must be independent of the sign of v and therefore be of the second order.
isotopic	Isotopic groups are necessarily isomorphic, but this is certainly not true for nonassociative quasigroups or loops.
isotropy	Here, then, is a case specially adapted to the isotropy of the quaternion system; and Hamilton easily saw that the expression i d x +j - + k dz could be, like ix+jy+ kz, effectively expressed by a single letter.
issuance	The state provides for the issuance of three kinds of certificates.
israeli	The UK was very quick to condemn the Hizbullah for capturing two Israeli soldiers last month.
israelitish	In the eyes of posterity he became more and more completely the model of an Israelitish king and the natural consequence was that he was idealized.
issuer	Shogun bond Straight bond denominated in foreign currency, other than JPY, issued by a foreign issuer on the Japanese capital market.
israelite	It sustained frequent sieges during the troubled history of the Israelite kingdom.
it	It is a beautiful place.
isthmian	Two miles inland is Ancon, in the Canal Zone, in which are the hospitals of the Isthmian Canal Commission and the largest hotel on the isthmus.
ita	Elsewhere he says that he is non ita dives ii.
isthmus	It is served by the Panama railway, which crosses the Isthmus of Panama from ocean to ocean.
issue	Three days later the issue was settled.
israel	This happened when Israel Putnam was a young man.
italic	Close to the mouth of the river was the sacred grove of the Italic goddess Marica.
italianate	Among the sculptor's principal statues are The Bishop of Carlisle (1895; Carlisle Cathedral), General Charles Gordon (Trafalgar Square, London), Oliver Cromwell (Westminster), Dean Colet (a bronze group - early Italianate in feeling - outside St Paul's School, Hammersmith), King Alfred (a colossal memorial for Winchester), the Gladstone Monument (in the Strand, London) and Dr Mandell Creighton, Bishop of London (bronze, erected in St Paul's Cathedral).
itchy	An ordinary mole is not usually itchy or painful.
itchiness	Due to its heavy texture, it can clog pores, irritate the skin and even result in itchiness.
italian	They silently spooned up Italian ice cream, content in this measure of understanding that was growing between them.
itch	In the bathroom she painted the little bumps, wincing as the sting burned the itch away.
iteration	The cheat codes that are available in this iteration in the series are very similar in nature to Sims cheat codes that you may have found for earlier versions of the popular PC simulation game.
iterate	You need to iterate, shift and evolve your initial product until it resonates with customers.
itemize	You must itemize any deductions you claim for owning a home.
iterative	Even after a few rounds of iterative improvements and tweaks, you may fail to gain meaningful customer traction.
iterated	Against the often iterated accusation of immorality, it should be remembered that the Letters reflected the morality of the age, and that their author only systematized and reduced to writing the principles of conduct by which, deliberately or unconsciously, the best and the worst of his contemporaries were governed.
itemized	To decrease the evil of lobbying a law was enacted in 1906 which requires that every person employed to promote or oppose the passage of any bill shall file in the office of the secretary of state a written statement showing who has employed him and describing the legislation in respect of which his services are to be rendered; the law also requires the employers of lobbyists to file in the same office within two months after the adjournment of the legislature an itemized statement of all their lobbying expenses, and forbids the employment of a lobbyist for a contingent fee.
itinerant	The work of the itinerant instructors is very varied.
ithyphallic	The ithyphallic Min (Pan) was here worshipped as the strong Horus.
itn	Mr Mandelson delivered the 1999 ITN lecture to the European Media Forum on July 26.
itt	The form (I) is deduced from it by putting itt, and taking t to be infinitely small.
itching	Yeah, I'm just tired, and my throat is itching this morning.
item	If prices for an item fall, this is a net good.
itv	Canada Colorado YV YV ITV Pircala' ' R_Malargue - Sea --- ----- - - ------ -- M OV YV C (21,982 ft.) are the highest peaks of the central Argentine-Chilean Andes.
ivory	She wore an ivory A-line dress with shoes to match.
itinerary	We must inlcude a visit to Paris in the itinerary.
itu	It is also clear that Sumerian was actually read aloud, probably as a ritual language, until a very late period, because we have a number of pure Sumerian words reproduced in Greek transliteration; for example, Delephat = Dilbat, the Venus-star; Illinos = the god Illil = Bel; aido = itu, month, &c.
izard	Franklin, besides, was constantly called upon to meet the indebtedness of Lee and of Ralph Izard (1742-1804), and of John Jay, who in Madrid was being drawn on by the American Congress.
ixia	Ixia Lily (Ixiolirion) - Beautiful plants of the Amaryllis order somewhat resembling each other, and about 1 to 1 1/2 feet high, with grassy foliage, and bearing large trumpet-shaped flowers in a loose, elegant manner.
iud	However, a woman must be sure that she is not already pregnant before using a hormonal method or having an IUD placed.
ivan	Thus, for want of funds, Alexander was unable to assist the Grand Master of the Order of the Sword against Muscovite aggression, or prevent Tsar Ivan III.
jab	Before the sting of his words had time to penetrate, Justin paused, throwing a quick jab to Denton's mouth.
itself	It refilled itself as if by magic.
ivy	I didn't even see any poison ivy today.
jacaranda	Formerly this coast region furnished large quantities of Brazil-wood (Caesalpinia echinata), and the river valleys have long been the principal source of Brazil's best cabinet-wood - rosewood (Dalbergia nigra), jacaranda (Machaeriumfirmum,Benth.),vinhatico (Plathymenia foliosa, Benth.), peroba (Aspidosperma peroba), cedro, &c. The exotic mangabeira (mango) is found everywhere along the coast, together with the bamboo, orange, lemon, banana, cashew, &c.
jaborandi	The forest products of the state include fine woods, rubber, ipecacuanha, sarsaparilla, jaborandi, vanilla and copaiba.
jackal	The jackal is characteristic of the steppes; it banishes the wolves and foxes.
jabber	Wednesday, 24 August, 2005 Google talks jabber - now!
jabot	Victor promised to return Jabot to the Abbotts if Jack left Nikki.
jackass	Let's find the jackass and go.
jackdaw	Then soars prospecting and swoops on a young jackdaw, flies with it to a grassy diner top of the cliff.
j	The whole structure is innervated oho+ like the tentacles, from1 j' the ex-umbral nerve-ring.
jackhammer	I love Dusty, but he's about as nurturing and subtle as a jackhammer.
jack	I packed enough food for Jack for three days.
its	He could hear its footsteps.
jackpot	Rail shifting system won a jackpot beneath them with.
jacobian	We can prove that if the three equations be satisfied by a system of values of the variable, the same system will also satisfy the Jacobian or functional determinant.
jacobean	It is a fine example of a Jacobean mansion, with a beautiful fountain in the middle of the court-yard.
jacket	Inside his leather jacket it was warm and cozy - falsely secure.
jacobinism	Burke and Grattan were anxious that provision should be made for the education of Irish Roman Catholic priests at home, to preserve them from the contagion of Jacobinism in France; Wolfe Tone, with an incomparably juster forecast, as Lecky observes, advocated the same measure for exactly opposite reasons.
jacobin	He presented a famous report in the Constituent Assembly on the organization of the army, but is better known by his eloquent speech on the 28th of February 1791, at the Jacobin Club, against Mirabeau, whose relations with the court were beginning to be suspected, and who was a personal enemy of Lameth.
jaded	True, they had eternity to figure each other out, but he didn't want her turning cold like Dusty or jaded like Jule.
jacuzzi	Her body trembling, she sat on the edge of the Jacuzzi tub, staring into space.
jacquard	Apart from the large class of brocaded cloths made in Jacquard looms there are innumerable simpler kinds, including stripes and checks of various descriptions, such as Swiss, Cord, Satin, Doriah stripes, &c. Mercerized cloths are of many kinds, as the mercerizing process can be applied to almost anything.
jade	Tensing, Jade turned to face the direction of the demon.s voice.
jaeger	Look for a men's sports watch that has a battery and wristband that will be easy to replace (i.e. go with a sports watch made by a well-known and dependable company, like Timex or Jaeger).
jagger	She is obviously delighted to be the next Mrs Jagger.
jaffa	Another shorter valley began near the present Jaffa gate and, taking an easterly direction, joined the Tyropoeon; while a third ravine passed across what is now the northern part of the Haram enclosure and fell into the valley of the Kidron.
jacobite	The present structure was erected subsequent to the extinction of the Jacobite rebellion.
jail	The point is that he went to jail for it.
jag	Aviator Shades Online presents a wide selection of styles that includes Aviator, Avion, Jag, P3 and Concord.
jaggery	That which comes into the European market as jaggery or khaur is obtained from the sap of several palms, the wild date (Phoenix sylvestris), the palmyra (Borassus flabellifer), the coco-nut (Cocos nucifera), the gomuti (Arenga saccharifera) and others.
jagged	The scars were jagged and ugly, similar to those on her arms.
jake	Jake grew serious and sat in the spare chair in her cube.
jain	The latter have only as yet been traced, and that doubtfully, as far back as the 5th century after Christ; the former are almost certainly the same as the Niganthas, who are referred to in numerous passages of the Buddhist Pali Pitakas, and must therefore be at least as old as the 6th century B.C. In many of these passages the Niganthas are mentioned as contemporaneous with the Buddha; and details enough are given concerning their leader Nigantha Nata-putta (that is, the Nigantha of the Jnatrika clan) to enable us to identify him, without any doubt, as the same person as the Vaddhamana Maha-vira of the Jain books.
jaguar	The child slowed as he neared the jaguar and turned, finally paying attention.
jailbreak	Also, one suspects Jailbreak will require contrivances to exact a winner from the group.
jainism	Kosala is also famous as the early home of Buddhism, and of the kindred religion of Jainism, and claims to be the birthplace of the founders of both these faiths.
jam	He hesitated and spread some jam on his toast.
jalap	Jalap has been cultivated for many years in India, chiefly at Ootacamund, and grows there as easily as a yam, often producing clusters of tubers weighing over 9 lb; but these, as they differ in appearance from the commercial article, have not as yet obtained a place in the English market.
jamb	Hilden jammed his foot between door and jamb.
jakes	His appearance was in marked contrast to the public defender who usually inher­ited the Shakey Jakes of the world.
jamboree	If you missed the 2010 Jeep Jamboree, you can still get in on the fun.
jammer	Failed jammer (and no backup) - using Stop as chest ascender.
jammy	Plus I got rid of some of my foodstuffs (i.e. ate three jammy dodgers) whilst in there.
jan	His mother was Marytje, daughter of Jan de Gorter, of a good family in Delft.
janissary	In 1803 Jezzar of Acre advanced as near as Hamah; but his death occurred in the following year; and after a sanguinary rising in 1805, Aleppo settled down, but was not at peace, even after a local janissary massacre in 1814, till Mahmud II.
janitor	This 1997 drama is about a janitor who is actually a genius.
jangle	Their sound includes off-kilter lyrics, blues guitar jangle and wailing harmonica, low down funky drums and fat jazz double bass.
jansenism	From the real or fancied rapprochements between Cartesianism and Jansenism, it became for a while impolitic, if not dangerous, to avow too loudly a preference for Cartesian theories.
james	As Mr Henry James puts it, she interviews herself.
jane	When they arrived at Jane's unit, Dean noticed the trailer was dark.
jansenist	There she became more and more Jansenist in opinion, and her piety and the remembrance of her influence during the disastrous days of the Fronde, and above all the love her brother, the great Conde, bore her, made her conspicuous.
japonica	Fishing lines are manufacttired from the cocoons of the genjiki-mushi (Caligula japonica), which is one of the commonest moths in the islands.
jargon	We also believe in not using marketing jargon or spiel.
jarl	But the English leaders were treated with politic clemency, and the Danish leader, Jarl Osbiorn, was bribed to withdraw his fleet.
jarring	Her replacement cell phone rang, jarring her.
jasmine	The scent of jasmine floated from the bathing chamber.
jasmin	The poet Jacques Jasmin was a native of the town, which has erected a statue to him.
jar	She handed the jar to Rob and grinned.
jaunt	Im on the look out for a quick jaunt over to france for a week.
jasper	Celts, of the usual late neolithic type, were generally of green jasper; hoe-blades (looking almost exactly like palaeolithic haches a main) of chert or coarse limestone; hammers of granite; mace-heads, of identical type with the early Egyptian, of diorite and limestone; nails of obsidian or smoky quartz, often beautifully made.
javelin	The name Gaiseric is said to be derived from gais, a javelin, and reiks, a king.
jaunty	Anatole followed him with his usual jaunty step but his face betrayed anxiety.
jauntily	The prince walked in quickly and jauntily as was his wont, as if intentionally contrasting the briskness of his manners with the strict formality of his house.
jat	All of these states are under Rajput rulers, except Tonk, which is Mahommedan, and Bharatpur and Dholpur, which are Jat.
jawed	He smiled at Sarah who was staring, slack jawed.
january	Every year, the full moon in January is the Wolf Moon and there is a three day festival that all werewolves attend… kind of our high holiday.
jaundice	Peltigera canin g, which formed the basis of the celebrated pulvis antilyssus of Dr Mead, long regarded as a sovereign cure for hydrophobia; Platysma juniperinum, lauded as a specific in jaundice, no doubt on the similia similibus principle from a resemblance between its yellow colour and that of the jaundiced skin; Peltidea aphthosa, which on the same principle was regarded by the Swedes, when boiled in milk, as an effectual remedy for the aphthae or rash on their children.
javanese	The Balinese language belongs to the same group of the Malayan class as the Javanese, Sundanese, Madurese, &c., but is as distinct from each of these as French is from Italian.
japanese	The Japanese books are very odd.
jawline	Double side straps can include straps that fit across the forehead or below the ears and above the jawline.
jazz	Patience wasn't his strong suit and Mrs. Lincoln and jazz music somehow weren't sufficient evening entertainment.
jealous	She doesn't have any reason to be jealous of me.
jealously	It is only after a careful perusal of these minor works that the student of history may claim to have comprehended Guicciardini, and may feel that he brings with him to the consideration of the Storia d'Italia the requisite knowledge of the author's private thoughts and jealously guarded opinions.
jcr	Parsons Field is also home to a brand-new licensed cafe and JCR, computer room and laundry.
jay	Jay and Adams distrusted the good faith of the French government.
jeering	Angry voices wove in and out of the crowd's jeering and the ringing of her ears.
jazzy	But in actual fact were just quite jazzy pop.
jaw	His hair was tied back, his jaw and chin scruffy from a couple days' growth of hair.
jeeves	Do You virtual ISP Dare To Ask Jeeves about shield up?
jejune	You don't write a jejune collection of hodgepodge letters and numbers like these.
jehovah	North of the city of David, the king, acting under divine guidance, chose a site for the Temple of Jehovah, which was erected with great magnificence by Solomon.
jejunum	A jejunal biopsy is a test to take a tiny sample of your child's jejunum.
jealousy	It was nothing but pure jealousy that guided her thoughts – and fear of losing him.
jeep	Dean slammed his fist against the Jeep in frustration at the sight.
jeopardize	I'm not about to jeopardize my job by asking all kinds of questions.
jeans	Bianca put on a pair of jeans and a T-shirt.
jeopardy	Highway robbery was general, the lives and property of traders were in continual jeopardy, and the machinery for the enforcement of the laws was almost at a standstill.
jelly	One can imagine two children each with a bag of jelly beans.
jenny	Jenny Calvia had been the love of Randy's life since high school.
jerboa	In the latter are the coney, jerboa, several small rodents and the ibex.
jean	In 1672, having finished his philosophy course, he was given a scholarship at the college of St Michel at Paris by Jean, marquis de Pompadour, lieutenant-general of the Limousin.
jeremiah	The relations between the writings of Ezekiel and those of Jeremiah is not clear.
jerk	He was a jerk anyway.
jerid	The common use of armorial bearings, and the practice of the tournament, may be Oriental in their origin; the latter has its affinities with the equestrian exercises of the Jerid, and the former, though of prehistoric antiquity, may have received a new impulse from contact with the Arabs.
jerky	With jerky movements, she finished dressing and replaced her weapons.
jerkin	An optional jerkin could be worn over the doublet.
jerkiness	The first of these is the requirement that each line should have a complete sense in itself; this produces a certain jerkiness, and often led among the Arabs to displacement in the order of the lines in a long poem.
jess	Jessica's mom has claimed that Jess actually has an IQ of 160.
jeroboam	The kingdom reached its highest point of importance during the reign of Solomon, but, shortly after his death, it was broken up by the rebellion of Jeroboam, who founded the separate kingdom of Israel with its capital at Shechem.
jester	With a pink background and black cats all around it, this little jester hat is strictly for the girls.
jest	He could jest, it was said, even in his last moments.
jesting	Besides the soldiers who formed the picket line on either side, there were many curious onlookers who, jesting and laughing, stared at their strange foreign enemies.
jetsam	These are big strands but there's other jetsam strewn across this beach, disjecta membra.
jerry	I can advise we are still selling Jerry springer the opera.
jersey	He wanted to stay in New Jersey this fall.
jettison	Speedferries will, in addition, have an absolute discretion to jettison, land, destroy or render innocuous any goods such as those described above.
jewelry	Her jewelry box was tiny and wooden.
jetty	The north jetty is 4 000 ft.
jewellery	Great quantities of jewellery were found in the tombs, the gold work said to resemble the Etruscan.
jewelled	It consists of five principal parts - the card, the needles, the bowl, a jewelled cap and the pivot.
jeweller	Though his poetical tastes were early developed, his father apprenticed him to a jeweller.
jesuit	A former Jesuit monastery is now used for a grammar school and seminary.
jesus	Jesus, look around you!
jet	These fine jet droppers with a mixture of alcohol and water have proved very effective for balloon observations.
jewess	It was most probably written during the Greek period towards the end of the 3rd century B.C. The book of Esther, which describes, with many legendary traits, how the beautiful Jewess succeeded in rescuing her people from the destruction which Haman had prepared for them, will not be earlier than the closing years of the 4th century B.C., and is thought by many scholars to be even later.
jewry	The lecture-room was a church, St Lawrence Jewry, placed at his.
jib	In the right-hand corner is the shaft for a still working wooden jib crane.
jew	Further, he shows an astonishing familiarity with the Jewish rites, in the opinion of a modern Jew (Kohler in the Jewish Encycl.); so much so, that the latter agrees with another Jewish scholar in saying that the writer seems to have been a converted Jew, whose fanatic zeal rendered him a bitter opponent of Judaism within the Christian Church.
jibe	I could not resist a jibe to Geoff that my boat is in better condition than yours!
jewel	After five years of government service he resigned to become a jewel merchant.
jiffy	Look up whatever you need to know in a jiffy.
jihad	Mahommed Ahmad (the Sudanese mandi) proclaimed a jihad in 1882.
jezebel	Thus we may contrast the favourable Judaean view of Jehoshaphat with the condemnation passed upon Ahab and Jezebel, whose daughter Athaliah married Jehoram, son of Jehoshaphat.
jig	Jigg, or Jig, is a very important factor, as will be seen hereafter.
jiggle	Active, high-impact sports make breasts bounce and jiggle.
jigger	The impregnated female jigger burrows into the feet of men and dogs, and becomes distended with eggs until its abdomen attains the size and appearance of a small pea.
jigsaw	They are generally good at mazes and jigsaw puzzles.
jingle	He heard the pennies jingle in his pocket.
jewish	Between them they rendered into Hebrew all the chief Jewish writings of the middle ages.
jingo	So my plea is to stop the journalistic jingo and to start to think and report.
jin	Nonetheless, I hope Jin finds out and beats him like a ginger stepchild.
jill	Jill hates the licorice ones and eats all her jelly beans except the licorice ones.
jinx	In fact, thinking about it, your a bloody jinx Kev.
jimmy	We started looking into it and sure enough, it wasn't Jimmy.
jittery	Rhyn asked, the feeling of doom making him jittery.
jitterbug	Rockabilly, which combined rock 'n' roll and hillbilly a la Elvis, was an intense, rhythm-driven music that made for very busy dancing, like the Jitterbug of the 1940s and the Charleston in the 1920s.
jitters	Once they were in the car, the jitters left.
jitter	O.I.S minimizes the jitter from shaky hands that causes many photos to look blurred.
jive	There are other categories such as Historical Dance (including waltz and polka), Nightclub (hustle, jive, etc.) and others.
jobbery	Roused by the collapse of the assignats, following upon the ruin of industry and the arrest of commerce, they were still further exasperated by the speculations of the financiers, by the jobbery which prevailed throughout the administration, and by the sale of national property which had profited hardly any but the bourgeoisie.
jobless	The claimant count jobless rate, for example, remains at just 2.9% .
jobbing	Alexandria is a distributing and jobbing centre for the north-east counties of Virginia.
jobcentre	At the end of the call we may arrange a work-focused interview with a personal adviser at your local Jobcentre Plus office.
joanna	In 1496 Philip married Joanna of Aragon, who in 1500 became heiress apparent to Castile and Aragon.
jo	In Slovakia, Jo z a eprka and his school have devoted themselves to interpreting peasant life.
jockey	A scandalous riot was inaugurated by the members of the Parisian Jockey Club, who interrupted the performance with howls and dog-whistles; and after the third representation the opera was withdrawn.
jock	Jock (who goes by the name of Percy) has brawn, but little in the way of brains.
jockstrap	The Turkish sailor's luggage (which didn't seem to contain a wrestler's jockstrap) came next under scrutiny.
job	Hopefully, she could get her job at the diner.
jocular	He hadn't been his usual jocular self for the last three weeks, and now this spontaneous trip to see his parents - and inviting her along?
jogging	Betsy and I met last fall while jogging in Central Park.
joey	Mother kangaroos often have a joey in pouch and a joey at foot - neither can survive without her.
jodhpurs	They were traditionally worn with jodhpurs, which are tight fitting pants that are meant for horseback riding.
jogger	Finally, if you are an avid jogger, consider the three wheel jogging strollers.
johnny	Me and Johnny here, my colored buddy, are going to do us some business.
jog	Jeff used to jog and all but he got a bum knee.
joint	He pulled the joint apart.
johannes	It is said to have been written by the Neapolitan arch-presbyter Leo, who was sent by Johannes and Marinus, dukes of Campania (941-965) to Constantinople, where he found his Greek original.
joinery	On account of its scarcity it is little used for building purposes, except for ornamental joinery, being more used by the cabinet and furniture maker.
joining	It was deeper, beyond the physical joining, the sense of being one.
joinder	In case the owner is married the homestead cannot be sold or mortgaged, except for an unpaid portion of the purchase money, without the joinder of husband and wife, and if the owner dies leaving a spouse or minor children, the homestead with its exemptions descends to the surviving member or members of the family.
joe	Mary & Joe Foreman were friends of mine.
joke	Don't joke about that.
jokingly	Some people jokingly refer to them as butt floss.
joist	The deck support joists are then fixed to the ledger board using joist hangers.
jointure	Blagrave, to enable him to make a jointure to his now Wife.
joiner	We also had a joiner 's shop which was used frequently.
joker	The biggest joker in current deck is Al Qaeda.
jojoba	You can also use heated castor oil or jojoba oil if you prefer a more natural option.
john	As for Luke the Fluke, he sounds like John Luke Grasso to a tee and a prime suspect for killing my friend's sister.
jollity	There will be lots of food and drink and general jollity.
join	You should join me sometime.
jointly	There were some decisions that should be made jointly, and being in control meant taking full responsibility.
jolt	At every jolt he again felt unendurable pain; his feverishness increased and he grew delirious.
jolly	Evidently some jolly excitement was going on there.
jonquil	The hardier forms of this set thrive in the open border, but the smaller sorts, like Queen Ann's jonquil, are better taken up in autumn and replanted in February; they bloom freely about April or May.
jonah	Once more God appoints something; it is the east wind, which, together with the fierce heat, brings Jonah again to desperation.
jotting	She ran to her desk and pulled out a journal, jotting down her latest symptom.
joss	Joss Whedon is set to write the script while Chris Evans, Robert Downey, Jr., Chris Hemsworth and Mark Ruffalo (all of whom will be seen in other upcoming Marvel movies) are set to star in the film.
jostle	Solar systems do not jostle each other in space.
jot	Usually I jot down what I can remember of them when I get home.
josh	I think this is the Josh I'm asking about.
journalism	On his retirement from office he returned to journalism and business.
journalistic	Journalistic literature in the native language begins with the Magyar Hirmondo (Harbinger) started by Matthias Rath at Pozsony in 1780.
joule	P. Joule had assumed to be the same at all temperatures.
journalist	About the same period began his activities as a journalist and publicist.
jovial	She had no idea what made him angry one minute and jovial the next.
journey	It would be a long journey and a dangerous one.
journeyman	He learned how to set type, and as a journeyman printer he wandered widely, going even as far east as New York.
joust	Monster Joust Madness - Joust your way to notoriety in this anime war game.
journal	She closed the journal and began her preparation.
joy	The next morning I awoke with joy in my heart.
joyful	A flood of brilliant, joyful light poured from her transfigured face.
jovian	Jovian at once continued the retreat begun by Julian, and succeeded, continually harassed by the Persians, in reaching the banks of the Tigris, where a humiliating treaty was concluded with the Persian king, Shapur II.
joyfully	He flushed joyfully yet with painful distress.
joyous	Loud, coarse laughter and joyous shouts ensued.
jonathan	You and Jonathan wanted to go.
joyously	My mind opened naturally and joyously to a conception of antiquity.
joyless	There are various theories as to what exactly makes this sort of Scot so embittered and joyless.
jowl	Karay was a shaggy old dog with a hanging jowl, famous for having tackled a big wolf unaided.
joseph	Joseph didn't look happy.
joystick	I settled with the digital joystick myself, which seemed to offer the best compromise.
jubilant	The boy was jubilant to be with a dad he loved and away from an overly strict mom.
jubilation	Your sweet little baby was the reason behind your jubilation.
jp	The magnifying power of the eye-piece is that of a single lens of focus = Jp.
joyousness	However, he worked on with his wonted cheerfulness and joyousness.
judaic	Though to some extent anticipated by the English deist Thomas Morgan, Semler was the first to take due note of and use for critical purposes the opposition between the Judaic and anti-Judaic parties of the early church.
judgement	The debt is then valid, having become a legal judgement as the result of the lawsuit.
jubilee	His scientific jubilee was celebrated in Paris in 1901.
judicial	Each province has also its own judicial system.
judicature	In the Eastern Church, the early system of ecclesiastical judicature long continued.
judder	He felt the drunken lift judder to a halt.
judas	Warned by the change of his friend's manner Judas fled.
judgeship	He held many high offices during the reigns of Elizabeth and James I., including a judgeship of the admiralty court (1584), a mastership in chancery (1588), a mastership of the court of requests (1595), chancellor and under treasurer of the exchequer (1606).
judo	He stood before her as he had in the sparring ring, sans any clothing but judo pants.
judaism	So Judaism survived once more the destruction of its central sanctuary.
jug	That jug is grade double A light.
judicious	This criticism needs judicious qualification.
juggernaut	Easily the juggernaut in the industry, the Apple iPod series continues to dominate the handheld music industry.
judicially	The functions of this tribunal are to inquire into and judge differences and suits between Persian subjects and foreigners, and it is stipulated in the treaty of Turkmanchai, which is the basis of all existing treaties between Persia and other countries, that such differences and suits shall only be examined and judgment given in the presence of the dragoman of the mission or consulate (of the foreign subject), and that, once judicially concluded, such suits shall not give cause to a second inquiry.
judiciously	All four perused the menu judiciously, with father and mother occasionally offering comments and explanations.
judiciary	The judiciary system of Italy is mainly framed on the French model.
judge	I do not allow myself to judge him and would not have others do so.
judoka	For example, if I'm entering a Judo tournament, then my opponent is very likely to be a judo tournament, then my opponent is very likely to be a Judoka!
jugglery	Her jugglery was cleverly conceived, but on three occasions was exposed in the mostrconclusive manner.
juggler	At 15, he toured the New England Vaudeville Circuit as a juggler, unicyclist, magician, and comedian.
judith	It appears from Judith viii.
judy	Judy Garland once told us that if we followed the yellow brick road we could fly with the pretty little bluebirds beyond the rainbow.
juggle	I had to work to tight hourly schedules and often juggle several tasks at once.
juice	The evaporation of the juice to syrup point.
jugular	He's salivating over my jugular.
jujube	Bona (Arabic annaba, the city of jujube trees), which has passed through many vicissitudes, was built by the Arabs, and was for centuries a possession of the rulers of Tunis, who built the Kasbah in 1300.
juju	Many chiefs, in no way politically dependent on Benin, used to send annual presents to the juju.
jul	Return to the top of the page Jul 1939 Government issues advice on air raid warnings The Government issued advice about air raid warnings The Government issued advice about air raid warnings.
julep	You may find it difficult to order a Mint Julep while out at a bar because many bartenders are not familiar with the drink or don't keep fresh mint or simple syrup on hand.
judgment	I trust your judgment better than I do my own.
juicer	Make no mistake, this is a proper commercial citrus juicer made from quality components in northern Italy.
juicy	They like juicy fruit to eat as well as people, and they are hungry.
jumbo	Jumbo is very strong and faithful.
julienne	A julienne disc is a blade that's used for cutting vegetables into matchstick sized pieces.
jump	Bison can jump six feet high.
julian	Though the emperor Julian improved its defences, the town was destroyed by the Huns under Attila, in the 5th century, but Justinian did his best to restore it.
jumble	He followed her up a jumble of rocks to the top of the ridge.
jumper	She wore a jumper that reeked of her own body odor.
jun	The first who gave more accurate information was the Scottish whaler, Captain William Scoresby, jun.
jumpy	She's quite stressed most of the time, very jumpy.
jungle	At present I feel like a jungle on wheels!
june	The warm month of June melted into the scalding month of July.
junction	They're going back to Grand Junction tonight.
jungian	Marion Woodman is a Jungian analyst in practice in Toronto.
juncture	We are at a crucial juncture in the HIV epidemic.
july	I love Fourth of July week.
junket	For example, Rory left to join the press junket following then Senator Obama's bid to be the Democratic Nominee for President.
junker	In the years immediately preceding the war we have to chronicle first a great advance in our knowledge of the beginnings of Egyptian history, owing mainly to the excavations of Prof. Flinders Petrie at Tarkhan 1 and of the German, Prof. Junker (working for Austria), at Tura.
junkie	I'm beginning to think you're and adrenalin junkie.
junk	This one has a whole list of junk, chairs, tables, clothes.
juno	The Phoenician temple of Juno, which stood on the site of Fort St Angelo, is also mentioned by Valerius Maximus.
juniper	Of course the juniper and a few other deciduous trees also occur.
junto	He entered the Junto of Rome in 1848 and was elected deputy by Viterbo to the national assembly.
junta	The syndic (sindaco) or chief magistrate of the commune was appointed by the king for three years, and he was assisted by a municipal junta.
jural	From the notion of sin - treated in its jural aspect - Aquinas passes naturally to the discussion of Law.
juridical	He also published separately some juridical and physical theses, and a German translation of Memoires du philosophe de Merian.
jurisprudence	At the same time he studied jurisprudence, and in 1782 became a government clerk at Oettingen.
jupiter	Jupiter was measured on eleven nights in the months of June and July 1794; from these measures Schur derives the values 3539 and 37.94 for the polar and equatorial diameter respectively, at mean distance, corresponding with a compression 1/14.44.
jurisdictional	Grindal remonstrated, claiming some voice for the Church, and in June 1577 was suspended from his jurisdictional, though not his spiritual, functions for disobedience.
jurisconsult	The signory appointed Piero Capponi, a man of great ability and patriotism, and experienced in diplomacy, the gonfaloniere Francesco Valori, the Dominican Giorgio Vespucci, and the jurisconsult and diplomatist Domenico Bonsi, rule, 's every five years, appointed all the magistrates and Y Y PP g syndics to conduct the negotiations with the French king.
jurist	The first article is unquestionably meant for the jurist.
jury	What's it got to do with jury duty?
juror	You're carrying this juror business too far!
jurassic	The Jurassic system is represented by two types.
just	I just did it.
junior	He was a junior salesman.
justiciar	In his absence the administration was entrusted to a justiciar, a regent or lieutenant of the kingdom; and the convenience being once ascertained of having a minister who could in the whole kingdom represent the king, as the sheriff did in the shire, the justiciar became a permanent functionary.
justifiably	Fred answered with a look that said he, too, was justifiably proud to be on the slopes at his age.
justiciable	Now, by virtue of extra-territorial clauses in the various treaties, all foreigners, subjects of any treaty power, are exempted from the jurisdiction of the Chinese authorities, and made justiciable only before their own officials.
justiciary	She, however, made them her enemies by delivering up the office of justiciary of London and the sheriffwick to her partisan Geoffrey, earl of Essex, and attempting to reduce the citizens to the enslaved condition of the rest of the country.
justifiable	Economically such companies are also justifiable up to a certain point.
justify	That didn't justify what I did.
justified	I do not know how far he was justified in saying so.
jute	The allied industry of jute is the staple industry of Dundee.
justificatory	Upon the dissolution of the last of Charles's parliaments the king issued a justificatory declaration.
jut	As you open up the chest, make sure you are keeping your ribs relaxed, you don't want them to jut forward.
justice	It's only a matter of time until justice is served.
justness	Then Deioces, son of Phraortes, an illustrious man of upright character, was chosen judge in his village, and the justness of his decisions induced the inhabitants of the other villages to throng to him.
jurisdiction	We have jurisdiction on kidnappings.
justification	I know that isn't justification for our actions.
juvenilia	To this period belong his exercises in Latin verse, in the loose taste of the day, foolishly published by him as Juvenilia in 1548.
juxtaposition	The juxtaposition of the contrasting colors made the artwork stand out from the rest.
juxtapose	By looking at my old diary, I can juxtapose my past with my current life.
juvenile	There is also an increase in juvenile delinquency.
k	That the different ranks or degrees of circular groups exhibited in the animal kingdom are Nine k in number, each being involved within the other.
justly	It has been justly observed by many that this continuous cyclical movement entirely excludes the progress of humanity towards a better future.
kabbalah	In this all-important doctrine of the Sephiroth, the Kabbalah insists upon the fact that these potencies are not creations of the En Soph, which would be a diminution of strength; that they form among themselves and with the En Soph a strict unity, and simply represent different aspects of the same being, just as the different rays which proceed from the light, and which appear different things to the eye, are only different manifestations of one and the same light; that for this reason they all alike partake of the perfections of the En Soph; and that as emanations from the Infinite, the Sephiroth are infinite and perfect like the En Soph, and yet constitute the first finite things.
kabob	A kebab may also be known as a kabob, kabab, kebap, kibob, kebhav, and kephav.
kabyle	On the mountains and the high plateaus the winter is often very severe; snow lies for six months on the higher peaks of the Kabyle mountains.
kafir	Three years out of four at Herat it does not freeze hard enough for the people to store ice; yet it was not very far from Herat, and could not have been at a greatly higher level (at Kafir Kala, near Kassan) that, in 1750, Ahmad Shah's army, retreating from Persia, is said to have lost 18,000 men from cold in a single night.
kadi	Three of these divisions - Kadi, Baroda and Nausari - are in Gujarat proper; the fourth, Amreli with Okhamandal, is in the peninsula of Kathiawar.
kabuki	Kabuki theater By the 18th century the authorities allowed the addition of a roof.
kaffir	Soon transferred to the 12th Lancers, he saw active service with that regiment in the Kaffir war of 1852-53.
kaftan	Kuprili, who had forbidden the Polish enterprise, at once occupied Transylvania, and, in the course of the next five years, no fewer than four princes, three of whom died violent deaths, were forced to accept the kaftan and kalpag of investiture in the camp of the grand vizier.
kail	From this custom his congregation was known as the kail kirk.
kai	In this case the Synagogue of the Libertines is the assembly of the Freedmen from Rome, descendants of the Jews enslaved by Pompey after his conquest of Judaea 63 B.C. If, however, we take Ac13EpTLvwv Kai Kvprivaiwv Kai AXE avbpLov closely together, the first name must denote the people of some city or district.
kakapo	Of parrots, Stringops, the kakapo or owl-parrot, is certainly peculiar, while Nestor constitutes a peculiar subfamily of the brush-tongued parrots or Trichoglossidae.
kainite	These potassium minerals are not confined to Stassfurt; larger quantities of sylvine and kainite are met with in the salt mines of Kalusz in the eastern Carpathian Mountains.
kaiser	In the 5th century the bishop of Augusta Rauricorum (now called Kaiser Augst), 71 m.
kaleidoscope	Artists have been known to use the left hand in the hope of checking the fatal facility which practice had conferred on the right; and if Hood had been able to place under some restraint the curious and complex machinery of words and syllables which his fancy was incessantly producing, his style would have been a great gainer, and much real earnestness of object, which now lies confused by the brilliant kaleidoscope of language, would have remained definite and clear.
kalends	The celebrations are directly traceable to the pagan Saturnalia of ancient Rome, which in spite of the conversion of the Empire to Christianity, and of the denunciation of bishops and ecclesiastical councils, continued to be celebrated by the people on the Kalends of January with all their old licence.
kale	At the end of the Gardens is the rocky mass of Toprak Kale, on which was a fire temple and altar; near it is the Meker Kapusi (Door of Mithridates), a large inscribed slab of rock with the names of several deities.
kaleidoscopic	The door to Ashley's hospital room disappeared in a kaleidoscopic swirl of colors that made her dizzy.
kali	The only other important river is the Kali Nadi, which traverses the entire length of the district from north-east to south-west.
kalmuck	Mushketov, the Kalmuck Steppe must be divided into two parts, western and eastern.
kana	Kefr Kenna, now a flourishing Christian village at the foot of the Nazareth hills, south of the Buttauf, is one of the sites identified with Cana of Galilee, and the ruin Kana, on the north side of the same plain, represents the site pointed out to the pilgrims of the 12th and 13th centuries.
kanaka	With a regular and plentiful supply of Indian coolies, the recruiting of kanaka labourers practically ceased.
kanarese	Of these last the chief dialects are Gondi, Oraon or Kurukh, Kandhi and Kanarese, of which Gondi is by far the most important.
kappa	His Phi Beta Kappa oration at Harvard College in August 1837, on The American Scholar, was an eloquent appeal for independence, sincerity, realism, in the intellectual life of America.
kangaroo	The kangaroo (Macro pus) lives in droves in the open grassy plains.
kantianism	It effected a revolution in his mode of thinking; so completely did the Kantian doctrine of the inherent moral worth of man harmonize with his own character, that his life becomes one effort to perfect a true philosophy, and to make its principles practical maxims. At first he seems to have thought that the best method for accomplishing his object would be to expound Kantianism in a popular, intelligible form.
kanji	Make an effort to learn hiragana, katakana and kanji right from day one.
kantian	Vico founded no school, and though during his lifetime and for a while after his death he had many admirers both in Naples and the northern cities, his fame and name were soon obscured, especially as the Kantian system dominated the world of thought.
karaoke	I enjoyed the karaoke in the evening even more however.
karate	Many find the high-energy aggression levels in Karate truly cathartic.
karat	Twenty-four karat gold is purer than 18 karat gold and more expensive.
karma	This is totally karma, she told herself angrily.
kaolin	Kaolin, fire-clays and brick-clays are common to all the states.
karelian	It was Torkel Knutson who conquered and connected the Karelian Finlanders in 1293, and built the strong castle of Viborg.
karen	On the east the Kachin, Shan and Karen hills, extending from the valley of the Irrawaddy into China far beyond the Salween gorge, form a continuous barrier and boundary, and tail off into a narrow range which forms the eastern watershed of the Salween and separates Tenasserim from Siam.
karst	The classic tower karst of the Guilin area of Southern China is somewhat different.
karoo	We then made a stop in an area of rocky ground and scattered acacias where we got excellent views of two Karoo Long-billed Larks.
karmic	It is divided into four stages, each one representing the degree of spiritual growth and karmic development at which the chela or disciple has arrived.
kart	The Beni Kurt (or Kart), who had governed in Khorasan from 1245, became independent in the early 1 4th century; they were abolished by Timur (c. 1383).
karting	He enjoyed the same result in adverse conditions during his early karting years.
karyokinesis	After fertilization the nucleus of the egg divides, the first stages of karyokinesis being apparent even before complete fusion of the male and female nuclei has occurred.
kata	We discard the conception of the universal as a predicate applicable to a plurality, or even to all, of the members of a group. To know merely KaTa 7ravros is not to know, save accidentally.
kashmiri	Of all these Kashmiri is the only one which has received any literary cultivation, and of which the number of speakers is known.
kasbah	In the centre of the oasis is the old kasbah or citadel.
kat	This mullah, Mahommed bin Abdullah by name, had made several pilgrimages to Mecca, where he had attached himself to a sect which enjoined strict observance of the tenets of Islam and placed an interdiction on the use of the leaves of the kat plant - much sought after by the coast Arabs and Somali for their stimulating and intoxicating properties.
kauri	Amber has often been imitated by other resins like copal and kauri, as well as by celluloid and even glass.
kava	Tobacco has been found growing in the interior, and may be indigenous, as is in some districts the Kava pepper (Piper methysticum).
kb	Kb(30s, a cube), in geometry, a solid bounded by six equal squares, so placed that the angle between any pair of adjacent faces is a right angle.
kazi	Next to the amir comes the court of the kazi, the chief centre of justice, and beneath the kazi comes the kotwal, who performs, as in India, the ordinary functions of a magistrate.
kayak	You can canoe, kayak or whitewater raft the many lakes and rivers.
kea	Mauna Kea is not nearly so old as the Kohala Mountains, but there is no record of its eruption, nor have its lavas a modern aspect.
kc	In ordinary life it was generally pulled up through the girdle and formed a KC)R?ros (Greek Art, fig.
kebab	The insane person, who will actually eat a kebab.
keen	He continued to take a keen interest in art and science.
keelson	Frame is made of wood (only gunwales, keelson, 1 cross beam and two side stringers visible ).
keel	This keel is much reduced in the New.
keener	The Burmese women have a keener business instinct than the men, and serve in some degree to redress the balance.
keep	They can't keep her temperature down.
keenness	While in public life Conkling always attracted attention by his abilities, his keenness and eloquence in debate, his aggressive leadership and his striking personality.
keenly	The problem as to their origin has been keenly discussed.
keepsake	A more unique keepsake gift is an ornament.
kef	They are met with in a long strip of country south of the Majerda, between the Algerian frontier and the sea-coast north of Susa; also inland, to the south-west of Susa, and near Kef; also in another long strip between the vicinity of Sfax on the north and the Jerid on the south.
kefir	A half cup of the coconut water kefir with meals greatly helps digestion.
keeper	Liz, I think you have a keeper here.
kelt	The place is called Jiljulieh, and its position north of the valley of Achor (Wadi Kelt) and east of Jericho agrees well with the biblical indications above mentioned.
keloid	So if you have a history of keloid scars, a belly button piercing may not be for you.
keg	One way that society keeps a lid on the powder keg of tension between the rich and poor is through the welfare state.
kelp	The kelp industry, formerly of at least minor importance, has ceased.
kemp	Kemp was defeated by Dixon at Vlakfontein, after a desperate encounter.
kelvin	Kelvin had previously proposed to define an absolute scale of temperature independent of the properties of any particular substance in terms of Carnot's function by making F'(t) constant.
kendo	There is a great deal to be learned from watching him do kendo no kata.
ken	The Jumna and the Ken are the only two navigable rivers.
kennel	The Gazette is the official organ of the Kennel Club.
kenyan	The Kenyan coastline is blessed by gentle tradewinds which brought Arab trading dhows to the region.
kepi	Dark blue forage hat (kepi) - The forage cap worn by most Union soldiers was made from wool broadcloth.
kept	I'm sorry I kept you waiting, but Tessa had nothing to do with it.
keeping	I had trouble keeping up with him.
keratin	Typical albuminoids are gelatin, keratin, elastin, fibroin, spongin and conchiolin.
kentish	A later king named Eohric took up the cause of zEthelwald, the son of 'Ethelred I., and was slain in the fight with the Kentish army at the Holm in 905.
keratosis	Given enough time, these damaged cells may develop into solar keratosis.
kerchief	The cold wind flapped the ends of her kerchief and her loose locks of gray hair.
kent	In England a Lenten fast was first ordered to be observed by Earconberht, king of Kent (640-664).
kerfuffle	There was a minor kerfuffle as the kids tried to find their way out.
kernel	This conception of the exiles as the kernel of the restored nation he further set forth in the great vision of ch.
kermit	When people think of raging wildfires, they worry about Bambi, not Kermit.
kermes	Until about 1725 the belief was very prevalent that cochineal was the seed of a plant, but Dr Martin Lister in 1672 conjectured it to be a kind of kermes, and in 1703 Antony van Leeuwenhoek ascertained its true nature by aid of the microscope.
kern	The Kern river field is the most important in the state and one of the greatest in the world.
ketchup	First, tear off a corner of the ketchup pouch, large enough for the straw to fit in.
kestrel	There are many kinds of kites, falcons and hawks, kestrel being numerous.
kerry	They reached the coast of Kerry on the 21st; but the Government was forewarned.
kerosene	My prison had only a kerosene lamp for light.
keto	In general, the rupture occurs between a keto group (CO) and a keto-chloride group (CC1 2), into which two adjacent carbon atoms of the ring are converted by the oxidizing and substituting action of chlorine.
ketch	Voyages last between 2 and 7 days aboard our 76 foot gaff rigged ketch, Greater Manchester Challenge.
keyboardist	The group included keyboardist McKinley Horton, drummer Daryl Burgee and fellow Heaven & Earth vocalist Keith Steward.
keyboard	She began to paw at her computer keyboard, searching.
ketone	They are hydrolysed by dilute mineral acids yielding hydroxylamine and the parent aldehyde or ketone.
kettle	A tea kettle was already whistling when they entered, and the maid rushed across the kitchen to grab it.
ketonic	The carbonyl group is not ketonic in character since it yields neither an oxime nor hydrazone.
keyhole	The count put his ear to the keyhole and listened.
keyed	The samson-post, which supports the walking beam, and the jack-posts, are dove-tailed and keyed into the sills.
keyless	I've neve found a keyless chuck that I like.
keynote	Its keynote is sovereignty.
keystroke	Proxies can also be used to gather information - from as basic a fact as the IP address where the server request came from to information as complete as every keystroke sent to the web browser.
keystone	This doctrine of the moral sense is sometimes represented as Shaftesbury's cardinal tenet; but though characteristic and important, it is not really necessary to his main argument; it is the crown rather than the keystone of his ethical structure.
key	He has a key to the mine gate.
kg	There has even been records of this fish caught by anglers up to 58 kg.
khamsin	The khamsin, hot sand-laden winds of the spring months, come invariably from the south.
khat	Another plant universally used as a stimulant in Southern Arabia is khat (Catha edulis).
khalifa	Gordon (1874 to 1879), but under the Mandi and the Khalifa the slave trade was revived.
khanate	The khanate of Khokand was a powerful state which grew up in the 18th century.
khmer	As early as the 12th century B.C., Chinese chronicles, which are almost the only source for the history of Cambodia till the 5th century A.D., mention a region called Fou-nan, in later times appearing under the name of Tchin-la; embracing the basin of the Menam, it extended eastwards to the Mekong and may be considered approximately coextensive with the Khmer kingdom.
keyword	This shows how many times each keyword phrase was used in the last month.
khaki	They all wear green, and Delta children wear khaki.
khyber	Between Jalalabad and Peshawar is the Khyber pass.
khedive	Upon the military insurrection of September 1881, Sherif was summoned by the khedive Tewfik to form a new ministry.
kiang	Almost all the traffic is conveyed through Hu-nan by water-ways, which lead northward to Han-kow on the Yangtsze Kiang, and Fan-cheng on the Han River, eastward to Fu-kien, southward to Kwang-tung and Kwang-si and westward to Sze-ch'uen.
kibble	This is a dog kibble designed to support chronic renal failure in dogs.
kick	I like to kick my large ball.
kickback	A chain brake to stop the saw in the event of a kickback.
khan	That empire had been founded by Jenghiz Khan in the first quarter of the century; it stretched from Peking on the east to the Euphrates and the Dnieper on the west.
kicker	All 4 riders had two attempts at the kicker to impress the judges.
kickboxing	Hey Girls, I've just started kickboxing after being told that I was dangerously overweight.
kidnap	Do you think she might kidnap her?
kidney	The reniform masses are known as kidney ore.
kidder	Accordingly, he took his place among the non-jurors, and, as he stood firm to his refusal, he was, in August 1691, superseded in his bishopric by Dr Kidder, dean of Peterborough.
kidnapping	Our major success was our first kidnapping for ransom.
kidnapper	Did you notice they didn't catch the kidnapper?
kieselguhr	It crystallizes (in long needles) more easily when gently agitated during the cooling, or when mixed with such substances as kieselguhr.
kiddy	Only buy a townie kiddy car if you feel you need a piece of hardware to help you pull.
kidskin	A white Brian Atwood clutch in supple kidskin leather would be perfect for summer brunches or spring picnics.
kieserite	For the purpose of the manufacturer of this salt these are assorted into a raw material containing approximately, in Ioo parts, 55-65 of carnallite (representing 16 parts of potassium chloride), 20-25 of common salt, 15-20 of kieserite; 2-4 of tachhydrite (CaC12 2MgC12 12H20), and minor components.
kid	Country kids need a good nurse as much as a city kid, you know.
kikuyu	One series of its numerous headstreams traverses the Kikuyu plateau north of the Athi, while others flow down the southern and eastern slopes of Kenya.
kiln	Many different forms of kiln are used for burning Portland cement.
kilobyte	A unit symbol can follow n; K, M, G represents kilobyte, megabyte, gigabyte each.
killing	The way we're operating is killing us.
kilogram	Some people can go as low as 16-20 calories per kilogram.
kilogramme	Under the currency law of the 31st of March 1879, the thousandth part of a kilogramme of gold was made the monetary unit and was called a bolivar, in honour of the Venezuelan liberator.
kill	Get out of here before I kill you.
kilometre	About a kilometre away from the palace was the cemetery.
kilometer	The Squaw Valley Resort has an 18 kilometer cross-country ski area.
kilt	Ben refuses to wear a kilt to the ceremony.
killer	The killer could have found it days later.
kilometric	The tables on p. 440 show the respective lengths of the various Ottoman railways open and worked at the end of 1908 and the amount of kilometric guarantees which they carried - and the lengths, &c., of railways worked by the various companies according to the nationality of the concessionaire groups.
kilowatt	A statement of the amount made per kilowatt hour may be misleading, since a certain amount of loss is of necessity entailed during this process.
kimono	In Italy this takes place as a traditional wedding circle dance Japanese Wear a red and white kimono for luck.
kin	Are you kin to Josh?
kindhearted	Be the kindhearted man you always were, she said, trying to smile though tears were in her eyes.
kindly	A kindly old man researched it for me.
kindling	In a few minutes the kindling was burning.
kindred	She'd found courage in a kindred soul.
kindliness	There is no evidence of simony in the conclave, and Leo's election was hailed with delight by the Romans on account of his reputation for liberality, kindliness and love of peace.
kindle	As a teacher he was able not only to impart knowledge, but to kindle enthusiasm.
kinase	Dr. Stefan Arold Interactions of focal Adhesion kinase The interaction of focal adhesion kinase The interaction of focal adhesion kinase with fyn.
kinetic	Energy of motion is usually called kinetic energy.
kindergartener	Howie continued, as animated as a kindergartener at show and tell.
kinematics	The mere geometrical description and analysis of various types of motion, apart from the consideration of the forces concerned, belongs tt kinematics.
kinesics	Lilli's kinesics class about the communicative aspects of the human body is her most difficult but interesting class of the semester.
kinematical	For applications of the hodograph to the solution of kinematical problems see Mechanics.
kinematic	Then other conditions consequent upon the fact that, the link forms part of a kinematic chain operate to enable b tobe fixed.
kine	Those possessed of large herds of kine lent out stock under various conditions.
kind	The years had not been kind to him.
kindness	He didn't do so out of the kindness of his heart.
kinetics	The absolute system of measurement will be referred to below in PART II., KINETICS.
kingdom	I was left a kingdom with no idea how to lead.
kingfisher	The kingfisher is found beside every watercourse, a black and white species (Ceryle rudis) being much more numerous than the common kingfisher.
kingpin	Big Daddy, kingpin of the Philadelphia family, had been untouchable for as long as anyone could remember.
kingmaker	His queen, Anne Neville, the daughter of the kingmaker, was on her death-bed.
kingship	The idea of kingship from the first was that of a ruler representing God.
kingwood	He moved to West Virginia and practised law at Kingwood from 1877 to 1882, during the same period serving as chairman of the county Democratic committee.
kink	The reformed scheme simply has a kink in the formula.
kinship	Vara felt a kinship with him after freeing him from the catacombs.
kinky	We told you that Asda was a very kinky shop!
king	A king is history's slave.
kingly	He was the first of Rome's kingly vassals.
kino	The bark exudes a kino (astringent tannin ).
kinsfolk	Again, it is naturally kind to its living kinsfolk, and so may be addressed in prayer.
kiowa	He was conspicuously successful (1869-1886) in dealing with Indian outbreaks, fighting the Cheyenne, Kiowa and Comanche on Llano Estacado (1875) and the Sioux in Montana (1876), capturing the Nez Perces under Chief Joseph (1877), and defeating the Chiricahua Apaches under Geronimo (1886), and he commanded the United States troops sent to Chicago during the railway riots in 1894.
kinsman	The trip was cut short by the death of a close kinsman.
kipper	A village famous for its smoked kipper, we spend our final night in a good quality country house hotel.
kiosk	A fine pavilion or kiosk, named de l'Etoile, has also survived.
kip	Back to the hotel for a few hours kip.
kir	This Bahr-el-Homr is the only affluent of 1 The Lol is also called the Kir, a name given likewise to the lower course of the Bahr-el-Homr. The confusion of names is partly attributable to the fact that each tribe has a different name for the same stream.
kinswoman	His wife Melite, who was associated with him in the priestly office, was a kinswoman of Eunapius the biographer.
kissable	Although lipstick stains are relatively foolproof, there's a few basic tips that will help your pout look its kissable best.
kirman	The increase of Russian influence on the northern Persian border and its extension southwards towards Seistan led to the appointment of a British consul at Kirman, the dominating Kirman.
kirsch	Slightly reduced aromas of kirsch, raspberry and licorice, with a medicinal austerity from the sizable cabernet franc component.
kite	In this case the under surface of the kite is made to strike the still air.
kisser	Penelope Cruz claims Charlize Theron is the best on-screen kisser.
kitchen	He walked across the kitchen and paused at the door.
kitschy	Became one as kitschy Danish town are playing outside.
kitchenette	On the kitchenette counter sat her bottle of water—and a micro.
kitsch	The furniture is somewhat a little kitsch but everything is clean and you feel like you're in a little palace.
kirk	Kirksville was laid out in 1842, and was named in honour of Jesse Kirk.
kith	But, thankfully, the regiment was not sent north to fight against its own kith and kin.
kitchener	In the negotiations for peace he was associated with Lord Kitchener, and the terms of surrender, signed at Pretoria on the 31st of May 1902, were drafted by him.
kissing	He grabbed her hips, kissing her hard and leaving her breathless.
kittenish	The little kitten, feasting her eyes on him, seemed ready at any moment to start her gambols again and display her kittenish nature.
kiss	Would you like to kiss me? she whispered almost inaudibly, glancing up at him from under her brows, smiling, and almost crying from excitement.
kittiwake	You can see eight species there, including the kittiwake.
kiwi	New Zealand has also yielded many flightless birds, notably the numerous species and genera of Dinornithidae, some of which survived into the 19th century; Pseudapteryx allied to the Kiwi; Cnemiornis, a big, flightless goose; Aptornis and Notornis, flightless rails; and Harpagornis, a truly gigantic bird of prey with tremendous wings and talons.
kitty	She likes to sit in my little rocking-chair and put her kitty to sleep.
kleptomania	Individuals with kleptomania do not want to steal and feel guilty about it.
klan	The Klan was twice reorganized, in 1867 and in 1868, each time being more centralized; in 1869 the central organization was disbanded and the order then gradually declined.
kit	You lost your tire repair kit in the trunk.
kleenex	Also, regardless of whether you are cruising to a tropical locale or a colder climate, it's always a good idea to pack sunscreen, lip balm and Kleenex.
klipspringer	The kudu is now the most common of the larger antelopes, the duiker and klipspringer are among the smaller antelopes still existing in large numbers.
kloof	The kloof between the mountain and Lion's Head is of singular beauty.
knack	I have a knack for spotting traitors.
kitten	The kitten did not reply.
knacker	More cuts would simply bring the knacker's yard closer, faster.
knackered	Let's face it, the world's a bit knackered beyond repair.
km	The wind velocity did not exceed 20 km.
knapsack	Don't go zippering up his knapsack on him.
knave	The person who drew up the agreement is either a great knave or a great fool.
knead	Please continue to knead the dough by hand until it is mixed to a consistent texture.
knapweed	The reserve also boasts probably the largest numbers of the parasitic knapweed broomrape anywhere in the county.
knee	She pat­ted Fred's knee playfully.
kneecap	Any imbalance in the muscles of the thigh can pull the kneecap out of position.
knew	He knew what she meant.
kneel	Maybe if she made the doe kneel.
knickerbocker	David had managed to get the Knickerbocker glory into his prayers!
knelt	He knelt beside Sean's body as he spoke.
knife	A knife is an instrument to cut with.
knell	Every second the Prussians rung the knell of death with their artillery.
knit	He knit his brow.
knitting	She leaned over and picked up the knitting bag.
knickerbockers	The kach is a sort of knickerbockers reaching to just below the knee, which they encircle tightly.
knickers	It was in the 1930s that silk French knickers hit their stride.
knitwear	One of the UK's market leader in selling knitwear on country fairs and shows.
knightly	The Golden Fleece (La Toison d'Or) ranks historically and in distinction as one of the great knightly orders of Europe.
knighthood	Niall Og O'Neill, one of the four kings of Ireland, accepted knighthood from Richard II.
knob	She turned the knob, but the door didn't open.
knitter	You don't have to be a great tailor or knitter to create handmade gifts.
knock	I better knock on his door.
knobbly	The batter was crisp and very knobbly, and the vegetables dry and not oily, all just as it should be.
knives	On the table were plates, knives and forks, and dishes of bread, meat and fruits.
knockout	It's like a boxer who possesses a knockout blow and can produce it at any given moment, like...
knight	You were my knight in shining armor.
knop	The pendant is quatrefoil in plan, with a small knop at each corner junction.
knoll	The highest point is a knoll, some 450 ft.
knotting	Her stomach was knotting up in a ball.
knotted	It is properly an oval formed by a rope knotted at one end.
knocker	Our cast iron letterbox plate has a knocker for easy practical style.
know	I know you must be tired, so I will let you rest.
knotweed	Where the control of Japanese Knotweed is not feasible in situ the present lack of appropriate facilities will make disposal extremely restrictive to developers.
knout	Accordingly, on the 10th of June, the weak and ailing tsarevich received twentyfive strokes with the knout (as then administered nobody ever survived thirty), and on the 24th fifteen more.
knotty	Primarily, it was Jerome Shipton's severed climbing rope that remained a knotty question that wouldn't go away.
knowable	The new method of definition which Socrates applied to problems of human conduct was extended by Plato to the whole universe of the knowable.
knotwork	The broken shaft shown on the right has intricate carved knotwork.
knowledgeable	Having mastered the knowledge to become a London black cab driver, Serek is now becoming knowledgeable about the overseas property market.
knowledge	To understand this problem, consider our relationship with knowledge over the centuries.
knower	The knower may say, I know this absolutely, or he may say, I know this absolutely.
knowingly	She looked at him knowingly before saying, You don't trust me?
knuckle	Damian had turned his face away and was clenching a thick knuckle between his teeth.
knot	Gabriel untied the knot from the rope.
koa	The koa (Acacia koa), from the wood of which the natives used to make the bodies of their canoes, and the only tree of the islands that furnishes much valuable lumber (a hard cabinet wood marketed as Hawaiian mahogany ), forms extensive forests on Hawaii and Maui between elevations of 2000 and 4000 ft.
koala	It may be added that there are some marsupials, such as the wombat, koala, marsupial ant-eater and the dasyures, FIG.
knowing	She didn't feel any better knowing Talon couldn't kill her here!
ko	At the same time the ko ( life, activity, and almost ghost,) which clung to the neighbourhood of the tomb and enjoyed the ghosts of offerings in ghostly fashion, had some of the independent enterprise which the bai possessed in abundance.
known	I should have known you would feel this way.
kobold	Now the position of this line, as found by Kobold, actually is a (properly weighted) mean between the corresponding lines of symmetry of the two drifts, but naturally it lies in the acute angle between them, whereas the line of the solar motion is also a weighted mean between the two lines of drift, but lies in the obtuse angle between them.
kodak	Her work on surfactant solutions led her to a job at Kodak.
kohlrabi	Root crops such as turnips, carrots (early carrots do best in most areas), leeks and kohlrabi are ideal for this time.
kola	The kola tree is also indigenous.
kooky	Some of them are bound to be a bit on the kooky side.
kohl	Kohl published facsimiles of the American section of the maps (Weimar, 1860).
korma	I had mutton rogan josh for my main meal, while my friend opted for chicken korma, both served with pilau rice.
koranic	The fact that they adopted the existing system of government and taxation, which are based upon Koranic law, would in itself be sufficient proof that this was not the case.
koran	The Koran (Kor'an) is the sacred Book of Islam.
kosher	Kosher meat is labelled with the name of the slaughterer and the date of killing.
koto	The Japanese koto is a six foot hollow instrument, typically with 13 strings.
korean	By both learned and popular belief in Korea Ki-tze is recognized as the founder of Korean social order, and is greatly reverenced.
kraft	He entered the lists boldly against the materialism of Stoff and Kraft, and avowed himself a Christian believer, whereupon he lost the countenance of a number of his old friends and pupils, and was unfeelingly told that he was suffering from an atrophy of the brain.
kraal	After the fight the royal kraal was burned.
kraken	You'll see a Kraken and a sunken rowboat.
kraut	Sausages, kraut, and beer are common, and may be combined in dishes like choucroute garni.
krill	The small shrimp-like crustacean, krill is central to the Antarctic food web.
krone	The unit of the Danish monetarysystem, as of the Swedish and Norwegian, is the krone (crown), equal to is.
krona	The counting unit in the Swedish coinage is the krona, equal to i i shilling.
kremlin	The Kremlin, or old fort, occupies one of these hills facing the Volga.
kru	Meantime the attempts of the Liberian government to control the Kru coast led to various troubles, such as the fining or firing upon foreign steamships for alleged contraventions of regulations.
kudos	He received kudos of approval from the intelligentsia.
krypton	Its wave-length is probably very near 55'71 tenth-metres, and it is very close to, if not absolutely coincident with, a prominent line in the spectrum of krypton.
kt	The relation they suspected to be of the form -yS = KT, where K is a constant analogous to R, and S the surface containing one gramme-molecule, y and T being the surface tension and temperature respectively.
kshatriya	But there are indications that at an earlier date the Kshatriya or warrior caste often became priests.
kufic	Kufic inscriptions run across the fronts under the entablature.
kudu	The antelopes include the beisa oryx, fairly common and widely distributed; the greater and lesser kudu (the greater kudu is not found on the Ogaden plateau); the Somali hartebeest (Bubalis Swaynei), found only in the Haud and Ogo districts; waterbuck, rare except along the Webi Shebeli and the Nogal; the dol or Somali bushbuck; the dibatag or Clarke's gazelle; the giraffe-like gerenuk or Waller's gazelle, very common; the aoul or Soemmering's gazelle, widely distributed; the dero (Gazella Speki); and the small dikdik or sakaro antelope, found in almost every thicket.
kumquat	There are the island made Greek liqueurs at Kumquat On the road to Corfu Town.
kurd	By race Saladin was a Kurd of Armenia.
kurdish	The repression of these revolts in the Sassun district in the autumn of 1894 was effected under circumstances of great severity by Turkish troops and Kurdish irregulars.
kurdistan	Those who escaped capture by Timur fled to the mountains of Kurdistan, and the community that had played so large a part in Mesopotamian history for a thousand years was thus shattered.
kurgan	Tyumen (29,651) in West Siberia, head of Siberian navigation; Barnaul (29,850), capital of the Altai region; Krasnoyarsk (33337) and Tobolsk (21,401), both mere administrative centres; Biysk (17,206), centre of the Altai trade; Khabarovsk (15,082), administrative centre of the Amur region; Chita (11,480), the capital of Transbaikalia; Nikolsk (22,000); Irbit (20,064); Kolyvan (11,703), the centre of the trade of southern Tomsk; Yeniseisk (11,539), the centre of the gold-mining region of the same name; Kurgan (10, 579), a growing town in Tobolsk; and Minusinsk (10,255), in the southern part of .the Yeniseisk province, trading with north-west Mongolia.
kvass	He also brought a bottle of kvass, taken from the kitchen for them to try.
kw	The IDM is the KW's link to the digital battlefield.
kris	And Rhyn and Kris and Kiki, Toby said cheerfully.
kyphosis	It can become very curved - doctors call this kyphosis.
kyle	She was so used to her brother that she didn't notice him grow up, but she saw it in Kyle.
laager	The plateau at its foot was the site of the English laager during the war of 1880-81, and is now occupied by the central railway station and workshops.
lab	You had a lab and science symposiums.
labia	Dark hair begins to grow near the labia and over the pubic bone.
labarum	Under Jovian, Christianity was established as the state religion, and the Labarum of Constantine again became the standard of the army.
labellum	So different is it that it receives a distinct name, that of the lip or labellum.
labialization	It shows on the one hand the labialization of the original velar q(Volscian pis = Latin quis), and on the other hand it palatalizes the guttural c before a following i (Volscian facia=Latin faciat).
labial	The palps, both maxillary and labial, have two segments.
labile	He was noted to be tearful and emotionally labile during the assessment.
labiate	Handsome labiate plants, requiring a warm and well-drained soil.
la	During this, her second period, George Sand allowed herself to be the mouthpiece of others - un echo qui embellissait la voix, as Delatouche expressed it.
laboratory	After introductions, Dean was led to a laboratory in the rear of the building.
labium	The mouth parts are well developed, consisting of an upper lip, powerful mandibles, maxillae with three-jointed palpi, and a deeply quadrifid labium or lower lip with three-jointed labial palpi.
laboriously	She handed him the tablet and he laboriously wrote something again.
labourer	The harvest labourer earns $10 a week everywhere in America.
labour	He liked neither the labour itself nor its object.
label	It was as Martha described—green, with the familiar Lucky Strike label in red at the center.
laboriousness	During some years he was employed in the inspection of troops and other work of the kind, but at length his ability, his extraordinary energy and his untiring laboriousness induced Le Tellier to make him his private secretary.
laborious	Away from his father he maintained his laborious habits.
labrador	It might be expected that there should be a decrease in the Greenland seal fisheries, caused by the European and American sealers catching larger quantities every year, especially along the coasts of Newfoundland and Labrador, and so actually diminishing the number of the animals in the Greenland seas.
labrum	The labrum and clypeus are developed as a single prolongation of the oral piece, not as a pair of appendages.
labouring	In 18J7 he commenced the third expedition up the Niger, and after labouring with varied success, returned to England and was consecrated, on St Peter's Day 1864, first bishop of the Niger territories.
l	The l principal gold-mining regions in these tracts are the .
laburnum	It grows 5 to 6 feet high, and sometimes is grafted onto a tall stems of Laburnum.
laboured	At this he laboured in vacation time for at least ten years.
labyrinthine	One could have traveled round the word many times while I trudged my weary way through the labyrinthine mazes of grammars and dictionaries, or fell into those dreadful pitfalls called examinations, set by schools and colleges for the confusion of those who seek after knowledge.
labor	He still has his labor to sell and can go get a new job.
labyrinth	The older portion of the town is still surrounded, on the north and east, by its ancient, though dilapidated medieval walls, and is a labyrinth of steep and dirty streets.
laced	He even laced the invitation with a ration of all-is-forgiven comments.
lac	Lac is sent in large quantities to Calcutta and Mirzapur.
laceration	A crush wound may have irregular margins like a laceration; however, the wound will be deeper and trauma to muscle and bone may be apparent.
lace	She was a vision, wearing a pale taupe nightgown with a lace bodice.
lachrymal	The lachrymal occupies a considerable space on the flat surface of the cheek in front of the orbit, and below it the jugal does the same.
lack	The lack of security is unsettling.
lackadaisical	Simple, however, should not be confused with lazy, or a lackadaisical attitude.
lackey	It is to set up a task force led by his faithful lackey Stephen Byers.
lacking	My point is, lacking knowledge is sometimes safer than possessing it.
laconic	He raised both eyebrows with a laconic grin.
lacing	She watched him stop lacing his boots.
lacquered	She sat on a couch inside the gold lacquered bathroom, rubbing her face.
lackluster	A year later his lackluster team teetered on the precipice of Division Three.
lacrosse	He started playing lacrosse at the age of nine, at Rochdale LC.
lacquer	As a lacquer painter he left a strong mark upon the work of his contemporaries and successors.
lacrimal	These bones include the nasal, maxilla, lacrimal, and frontal bones.
lactate	A blood test that measures levels of the enzyme lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) can help predict the likelihood of a specific patient's survival.
lactase	In this activity, students immobilize the lactase in calcium alginate beads held within a small column, over which the milk is passed.
lactation	You can find a lactation specialist or counselor through the hospital where you gave birth.
lactobacillus	A placebo-controlled trial of Lactobacillus GG to prevent diarrhea in undernourished Peruvian children.
lacuna	A scribe again who scrupulously records the presence of a lacuna or illegibility in what he is copying, inspires us with confidence in the rest of his work.
lacunae	There are large lacunae in the head in front of the ganglia.
lactic	Lister for isolating a pure culture of lactic acid bacterium.
lacunar	This lacunar system not only enables the cells of the cortex itself to respire, but also forms channels through whicF air can pass to the deeper lying tissues.
lactose	The fat (which when separated we know as butter) and the lactose constitute the carbonaceous portion of the milk regarded as food.
lacy	She showered and dressed in dusty blue slacks and a lacy tunic.
laddie	He wis only a laddie at the time, an Badger wid whiles tak him oot for a nicht at the rabbits.
ladies	Did you ladies have a nice visit?
lading	This bill of lading described the cargo as crude oil slops.
lacustrine	Lacustrine and fluviatile deposits occur intermingled with the above.
lade	Uhtred was slain by the orders of Canute, who gave the province to Eric (Eirikr) earl of Lade.
ladle	A, Ladle bringing the cast iron from the blast-furnace.
lad	No wonder the lad had never owned a toy.
ladin	Of the three Latin races, Italian, Ladin and Rumanian, national fragments were to be found in Austria.
lady	One lady gave me a box of shells.
ladder	Some people get to the top of the ladder, only to find that it's leaning against the wrong wall?
laden	The tables were to be laden with all kinds of food.
ladrone	From Cape San Lucas Cavendish steered across the Pacific, seeing no land until he reached the Ladrone Islands.
ladleful	Stir in one ladleful of stock - just enough to cover the rice.
ladybug	It is known as harlequin or the multi-coloured ladybug.
ladybird	The Ladybird is for junior thrill-seekers.
laevo	The natural (laevo) base is twice as toxic as the dextro.
lag	Where do you place the lag screw and why.
laevulose	The micro-organism splits up the laevulose in the must, forming mannitol and different acids, particularly volatile acid.
ladylike	Laura is very ladylike and elegant, but also very acrobatic and agile.
laevorotatory	Aconitine (C33H45N013, according to Dunstan; C34H47NOH, according to Freund) is a crystalline base, soluble in alcohol, but very sparingly in water; its alcoholic solution is dextrorotatory, but its salts are laevorotatory.
lagan	In post-Glacial times, a subsidence admitted the sea into the Lagan valley and across the eastern shore in several places; but elevation, in the days of early human occupation, brought these last marine deposits to light, and raised the beaches and shore-terraces some 10 to 20 ft.
lager	We are convinced it will really appeal to the discerning lager drinkers that Cobra is targeting across all its markets.
lagging	She hurriedly ascended the narrow dimly lit stone staircase, calling to Pierre, who was lagging behind, to follow.
lagoon	There is a salt lake or lagoon between the Cape Palmas river and the vicinity of the Cavalla.
laid	She laid her head on his shoulder.
lake	She went to the edge of the lake and peered into it.
laird	Tankerness House is a characteristic example of the mansion of an Orkney laird of the olden time.
lair	She whirled, but the vamp that had led her into the underground lair blocked the doorway.
lakh	About Girishk, on the Helmund, are extensive mounds and other traces of buildings; and the remains of several great cities exist in the plain of Seistan, as at Pulki, Peshawaran and Lakh, relics of ancient Drangiana.
lama	He looked identical to the child in Lama Zopa's dream.
lamb	But the lamb is so tiny.
lam	The police were in hot pursuit of the convicts on the lam.
lamaism	Their religion is described under Lamaism.
laity	The clergy and laity of a diocese together elected their bishop, as they had done before; but no one could become a bishop against the will of the king, and the confirmation of their choice rested with him.
lamarckian	It is suggested that even in the absence of modification produced by any possible Darwinian or Lamarckian factors, that even in a neutral environment, divergent evolution of some kind would have occurred.
lambda	The wavelength associated with the vector resultant of these three orthogonal propagation constants is just the free space wavelength lambda.
lame	He was lame for the rest of his days.
lamed	The horse was lamed on a rock.
lambskin	This soft natural lambskin comforter can be useful on the move as young travelers will feel secure in unfamiliar places.
lamella	The whole of the middle lamella or originally formed cell-wall separating one from another disappears before the adult state is reached, so that the walls of the hydroids consist of a framework of lignified bars, with open communication between the cell cavities.
lambert	Immediately on the fall of Pembroke Cromwell set out to relieve Lambert, who was slowly retreating before Hamilton's superior forces; he joined him near Knaresborough on the 12th of August, and started next day in pursuit of Hamilton in Lancashire, placing himself at Stonyhurst near Preston, cutting off Hamilton from the north and his allies, and defeating him in detail on the 17th, 18th and 19th at Preston and at Warrington.
lament	I lament the passing of the 42-day rule.
lamellae	The second method, which he calls the Promptuarium Multiplicationis on account of its being the most expeditious of all for the performance of multiplications, involves the use of a number of lamellae or little plates of metal disposed in a box.
lamellibranch	Many Gastropoda deposit their eggs, after fertilization, enclosed in capsules; others, as Paludina, are viviparous; others, again, as the Zygobranchia, agree with the Lamellibranch Conchifera (the bivalves) in having simple exits for the ova without glandular walls, and therefore discharge their eggs unenclosed in capsules freely into the sea-water; such unencapsuled eggs are merely enclosed each in its own delicate chorion.
lamelliform	In these, as in Patella, the typical ctenidia are aborted, and the branchial function is assumed by close-set lamelliform processes arranged in a series beneath the mantle-skirt on either side of the foot.
lamentable	The institution had fallen into a state of lamentable inefficiency.
lamely	I didn't get your message until this morning, Jessi said lamely.
lamentation	Amid great lamentation, the hero's body is laid on the funeral pile and consumed.
lameness	Damage can occur to the deep flexor tendon, navicular bursa, or navicular ligaments all resulting in pain and lameness.
lamentably	The result, though marvellous in quality, is in quantity lamentably meagre.
lamented	He was lamented by a large circle of friends.
lamia	He compares her story with that of Lamia, who, after her children had been slain by Zeus, retired to a lonely cave and carried off and killed the children of others.
laminar	If zinc be cast into a mould at a red heat, the ingot produced is laminar and brittle; if cast at just the fusing-point, it is granular and sufficiently ductile to be rolled into sheet at the ordinary temperature.
laminae	Visceral mass and shell conical; tentacles atrophied; head expanded; genital apertures contiguous; marine animals, with an aquatic pallial cavity containing secondary branchial laminae.
lamina	The conception of the lamina leads immediately to two schemes, according to which a primary wave may be supposed to be broken up. In the first of these the element dS, the effect of which is to be estimated, is supposed to execute its actual motion, while every other element of the plane lamina is maintained at rest.
lamination	This contruction is much more durable than printed paper lamination.
lammas	St Giles's was literally a village in the fields; Piccadilly was the waye to Redinge, Oxford Street the way to Uxbridge, Covent Garden an open field or garden, and Leicester Fields lammas land.
laminated	In Cutleria the laminated thallus is formed in the same way.
lamp	You can still smell the lamp kerosene.
laminitis	Q. My horse has acute laminitis now, is Formula 4 Feet safe to feed?
laminate	Hardwood floors may have a darker, high-gloss finish or be replaced all together with laminate flooring.
lampblack	The most common varieties met with are lampblack, gas carbon, wood charcoal, animal charcoal and coke.
lamplight	She groped for the nearest light and flipped it on, unsettled by the man even in the warm lamplight.
lampoon	The opinions of his enemies were ventilated in a lampoon styled Mondolat.
lampshade	Don't throw out that old lampshade - stripped of its fabric it makes an excellent wire frame for creating an individual lantern cloche.
lamppost	The original site of the old lamppost had been screened by the residents with a tree being planted.
lan	The principal peak east of the Salween is on the Loi Lan ridge, 7109 ft.
lanai	Kahoolawe and Lanai are both privately owned.
lancastrian	Morton landed with Warwick at Dartmouth on the 13th of September 1470, but the battle of Tewkesbury finally shattered the Lancastrian hopes, and Morton made his peace with Edward IV., probably through the mediation of Archbishop Bourchier.
lamprey	In North America about ten species of lamprey occur, while in South America and Australasia still others are found.
lancer	Nevertheless Marignan was in the main the work of the gendarmerie, the last and greatest triumph of the armoured lancer; and as a fitting close to the battle the young king was knighted by Bayard on the field.
land	They filled the land with terror.
landau	Dr Howley, archbishop of Canterbury, and the marquis of Conyngham, bearing the news of the king's death, started in a landau with four horses for Kensington, which they reached at five o'clock.
landfall	It is possible that Professor Fernald may show conclusively that Leif's landfall was north of the St Lawrence.
lance	He peddled off like Lance Armstrong.
landholder	The greatest landholder in Derbyshire at the time of the Domesday Survey was Henry de Ferrers, who owned almost the whole of the modern hundred of Appletree.
lancet	A tall, narrow lancet toward the east end is of a similar age.
lancashire	Aspinall on the Lancashire & Yorkshire railway to ascertain the resistance of trains of bogie passenger carriages of different lengths at varying speeds, and the results are recorded in a paper, Train Resistance, Proc. Inst.
landholding	The employment of the precarium by the Church seems to have been one of the surest means by which this form of landholding was carried over from the Romans to the Frankish period and developed into new forms. It came to be made by degrees the subject of written contract, by which the rights of the holder were more definitely defined and protected than had been the case in Roman law.
landmark	She searched around for a landmark that could be seen over the trees, but nothing was tall enough.
landlady	The video featured Ferrell and his landlady, played by writer and director Adam McKay's two-year-old daughter, Pearl.
landless	The landless younger sons of the gentry and the Servian and Vlach immigrants provided him with excellent and practically inexhaustible military material.
landlordism	In these circumstances, the Landtmanna party in the Riksdag, who desired the lightening of the military burden, joined those who desired the abolition of landlordism, and formed a compact and predominant majority in the Second Chamber, while the burgher and Liberal parties were reduced to an impotent intelligence minority.
landmass	The earthquake occurred as a result of a northward thrust of the Pacific Ocean sea floor beneath the continental landmass of Alaska.
landowning	After careful study and a preliminary examination of the land, a scheme was passed which has given satisfaction to the landowning community, and which distributes the tax equitably in proportion to the fertility of the soil.
landgrave	He supported Frederick in his struggle with the anti-kings, Henry Raspe, landgrave of Thuringia, and William II., count of Holland, and was put under the papal ban by Pope Innocent IV., Bavaria being laid under an interdict.
landscape	He looked over his shoulder again at the dark landscape behind him.
landed	She landed hard on a cold floor.
landowner	It was named by its largest landowner Col.
landlord	He was sometimes known as the Landlord of New York.
landscaper	Ask a local landscaper to use the bricks to pave a sidewalk or patio.
landslide	An overwhelming 70 percent gave the contestants a landslide victory.
landing	They burst out of the light, landing hard.
landslip	At first it was feared the huge landslip may have buried a walker, cyclist or jogger out on the popular sea walk.
landwards	They increase in elevation landwards, culminating in the inner and loftier Golis range, about 95 00 ft.
landward	The fact that Seaton beach overlies estuarine alluvium is clear evidence that it has experienced landward translation.
langobardic	The Langobardic territories seem to have lain about the lower reaches of the river, while the Semnones lay south.
langobard	As early as the 8th century the laws of the Langobard King Aistulf distinguished three classes of merchants (negotiantes), among whom the majores et potentes were required to keep themselves provided with horse, lance, shield and a cuirass.
languid	A slow, languid smile crossed his features, one that made her body flush and ache for him.
languish	Sure, everyone wants a cute, funny kitten, but adult cats often languish in shelters.
languidly	Languidly lifting a hand, she shaded her eyes and smiled at him.
languet	His request being granted, Languet spent the last years of his life mainly in the Low Countries, and though nominally still in the service of the elector, he undertook a mission to England for John Casimir of Bavaria and was a valuable adviser to William the Silent, prince of Orange.
languor	His whole life was indeed one continued illness, but in this part of it his pain and languor had greatly increased.
languishing	The native industries are inconsiderable, and many of them are in a languishing condition.
langur	Only two or three forms of monkey enter the mountains, the langur, a species of Semnopithecus, ranging up to 12,000 ft.
lanky	The lanky youth had grown into a muscular man with icy green eyes, curly black hair, and chiseled features as cold as his father's.
lane	At one point the road became one lane and curved around the face of a cliff.
lantern	Her head nodded once and she jerked it up, blinking in the lantern light.
lank	But the pure Laos are still distinguished by the high cheek-bones, small flat nose, oblique eyes, wide mouth, black lank hair, sparse beard, and yellow complexion of the Thai and other branches of the Mongol family.
lantana	Wayfaring Tree (Viburnum Lantana) - One of the two kinds native of Britain, and frequent in hedgerows and copses, especially in chalk or limestone soils.
lanolin	Contact sensitivities have been identified from using lanolin, neomycin, framycetin, emulsifiers, rubber and parabens (Dealey, 1999 ).
lanyard	The In-Ear Lanyard headphones are not without their drawbacks, however.
lanugo	The patient may feel chilly or have developed lanugo, a growth of downy body hair.
lanthanum	In 1841 Mosander, having in 1839 discovered a new element lanthanum in the mineral cerite, isolated this element and also a hitherto unrecognized substance, didymia, from crude yttria, and two years later he announced the determination of two fresh constituents of the same earth, naming them erbia and terbia.
laparotomy	Laparotomy showed the proximal ileum and distal jejunum had prolapsed through a tear at the rectosigmoid junction.
lap	She sat in my lap and hugged me tightly.
lao	This page gives an overview of all articles in the 1911 Brittanica which are alphabetized under Lao to Lav.
laparoscope	The surgeon uses a type of telescope, called a laparoscope, to do the operation.
lapel	If you are looking for something festive during the holiday season, consider wearing a brooch on your coat lapel or to secure a scarf.
lapidary	There is also a considerable number of lapidary inscriptions edited in vol.
laparoscopy	The only way to confirm endometriosis is to carry out a laparoscopy.
lapping	When she walked back through the dairy, Brutus was lapping water.
lapse	In spite of the time lapse between practice sessions, she did well enough to win his praise.
language	Of course, she could have used sign language, but that would have been distracting - and it wouldn't have been as personal.
laptop	Her attention shifted to her laptop once more.
lappish	On the other hand, the portraiture of Ska61, the wife of Nior6r, seems to point to a Finnish or Lappish origin.
lar	A, colony of but grow in all planes Lar;B and C, young and adult medusae.
lapwing	In Sweden Vipa, in Germany Kiebitz, in Holland Kiewiet, and in France Dixhuit, are names of the lapwing, given to it from its usual cry.
larder	The cellar is below, and the larder and store-room above.
lard	In Iowa the Berkshire is a combined lard and bacon pig in high favour.
largess	It is still more surprising that the soldiers should have quietly submitted to a reduction in the amount of the donative or gift which it was customary for them to receive from a new emperor, though the civil population of the capital were paid their largess (congiarium) in full.
lardy	Waiting for us was a nice fry-up with added cholesterol, the Lardy Boys were back in town!
larceny	If the truth were known, except for the larceny, he felt a pang of envy.
largest	I reached for my largest bill; a fifty.
largeness	The largeness and dignity of the matter with which he has to deal are at least as important.
larch	Yet the forests of larch in Siberia often suffer from conflagration.
largesse	There were times when the Square Mile took almost masochistic delight in the chancellor's heady mixture of fiscal rectitude and socialist largesse.
lares	His miraculous birth, commemorated by Servius himself in the festival established by him in honour of the Lares, recalls that of Romulus.
largo	Another church of the same name faces on the Largo do Machado and shows the peculiar combination of a Greek temple surmounted by a modern spire.
larkspur	Division, or partition, is usually resorted to in the case of tufted growing plants, chiefly perennial herbs; they may be evergreen, as chamomile or thrift, or when dormant may consist only of underground crowns, as larkspur or lily-of-thevalley; but in either case the old tufted plant being dug up may be divided into separate pieces, each furnished with roots, and, when replanted, generally starting on its own account without much check.
lark	But this is a great lark, Ann Veronica!
large	His large eyes were bright and snappy.
larva	The irritation set up by the hatching egg and its resulting larva appears to be the stimulus to development, and net a poison or enzyme injected by the insect.
laryngeal	Such patients are apt to suffer much from cough and laryngeal irritation in the cold, dry air of the Alps, whereas they live in comparative comfort on the Riviera, in the Canary Islands, Madeira or at Capri.
laryngectomy	Most people who undergo a laryngectomy find the loss of the ability to speak devastating.
largely	Finally life was good, and she was largely responsible.
laryngitis	We talk about the previous nights show and Carl informs us he has laryngitis.
laryngoscope	A fibreoptic intubating laryngoscope should be readily available for use in all surgical hospitals.
laryngoscopy	Most people go through a series of other tests and often get other diagnoses, most commonly refractory (unresponsive) asthma, before they have a laryngoscopy and receive a definite diagnosis of VCD.
larvae	The larvae have soft, white bodies and, with very few exceptions, no legs.
lascar	On the same evening that Sturdza tendered his resignation to the king (April 1899) the veteran Conservative statesman Lascar Catargiu suddenly died.
larynx	In other words, making noise through your larynx isn't something you have to learn to do.
lascivious	He leered at Elisabeth, arched his eyebrows with a lascivious grin, then stretched with great exaggeration.
larval	A third form, Microfilaria diurna, is found in the larval stage in blood, but only in the daytime.
lashings	Serve straight from the pan with scoops of ice cream or lashings of cream.
lass	For 7 years old, this young lass sure is a star!
lassitude	Moreover, he was crippled by incipient disease of the brain, which at first inflicted unconquerable lassitude and depression, and latterly agonizing pain.
lashing	She tore away, lashing out with the dagger.
last	Their last name is Anderson.
lassie	She said she wes a Bonnie young lassie aince.
lastly	Lastly, salts amount to 3.
lash	She lifted her chin, defying him to lash out at her again.
lasso	Notice none of the costumes come with the gold lasso.
latakia	Owing to the high barrier which shuts off almost all Syria from the sea, and precipitates vapours mainly on the western slope, little of the land is highly productive without irrigation, except the narrow littoral strip which was the ancient Phoenicia, and the small deltas, such as that of Latakia (Laodicea).
latch	Someone stopped at the gate, and the latch rattled as someone tried to open it.
late	It's late, and I'm tired.
latchkey	Such children are sometimes called latchkey children because they are usually given a key to the house or apartment so that they can let themselves in when they get home.
later	See you later, then.
lateness	In spite of the lateness of the hour, the rest of us were far too hyper for sleep.
lat	The word itself comes from the Lat.
latency	A few seconds of extra latency on the data network will likely go unnoticed; but, on the voice network it can cause anarchy!
latent	Caird wrote also an excellent study of Spinoza, in which he showed the latent Hegelianism of the great Jewish philosopher.
lasting	We mean no lasting harm to humanity or to your family.
lately	Have I told you lately that I love you?
laterite	The outcrops are largely hidden under laterite.
laser	His laser gun lay where he fell.
lath	He sailed to Scotland, and eight days after his arrival died, on the lath of August 1646.
lathe	The prince was working at the lathe and after glancing round continued his work.
lather	The horses began to lather and the men to flush.
lathering	With excess of glycerin a fluid soap is formed, soap being soluble in that body, and such fluid soap has only feeble lathering properties.
latices	The trees and plants whose latices furnish caoutchouc in considerable quantity chiefly belong to the natural orders Euphorbiaceae, Urticaceae, Apocynaceae, Asclepiadaceae.
latest	Her dresses were always of the latest fashion.
latifundia	The growth of the latifundia made the slaves more and more numerous and formidable.
laticiferous	They possess a delicate Laticiferous layer of protoplasm, with numerous small nuclei lining Tissue the walls, while the interior of the tube (corresponding with the cell-vacuole) contains a fluid called latex, consisting of an emulsion of fine granules and drops of very various substances suspended in a watery medium in which various other substances (salts, sugars, rubber-producers, tannins, alkaloids and various enzymes) are dissolved.
latex	The trees are regularly tapped and the coagulated latex which exudes is collected and worked up into rubber.
lateral	Two lateral tunnels were also constructed, making the total length 63 m.
latinity	A somewhat different criticism must be passed on the Facetiae, a collection of humorous and indecent tales expressed in such Latinity as Poggio could command.
latinist	In the 17th century we find Ludovico Sergardi (Quinto Settano), a Latinist and satirical writer of much talent and culture; but the most original and brilliant figure in Sienese literature is that of Girolamo Gigli (1660-1722), author of the Gazzettino, La Sorellina di Don Pilone, Il Vocabolario cateriniano and the Diario ecclesiastico.
latitude	Physical surroundings rather than latitude determine the character of the flora.
latins	The population is now estimated at about 3500 Moslems and 6500 Christians; there are numerous schools, hospitals, &c., conducted by Greeks, Latins and Protestants.
latter	She liked the latter plan much better.
latitudinarian	The name was used in the early part of the 18th century as the equivalent of Latitudinarian, i.e.
latitudinal	Spurs from the Caucasus and from the Armenian highlands fill up the broad latitudinal depression between them.
latticework	You could use latticework instead of balusters.
latitudinarianism	Until the end of his life he remained a protagonist in theological controversy and a keen fighter against latitudinarianism and liberalism; but the sharpest religious or political differences never broke his personal friendships and his Christian charity.
latvian	Lectures are delivered in Lettish, Russian and German, and nearly all the staff is Latvian.
latterly	Latterly certain Catholics have questioned this equality of the concordatory obligation, and have aroused keen discussion.
lattice	It was a bridge for two lines of railway with lattice girders continuous over three spans.
laudation	This laudation, both of the Goths and of their Byzantine conquerors, may perhaps help us to understand the motive with which the Getica was written.
laudable	His laudable desire to present a picture of the whole political situation at each important moment is fatal to the continuity of his narrative.
laudanum	Similar procedures are used for the intestine, and one of the best methods of treating the diarrhoea consequent upon the presence of irritating substances in the intestinal canal is to give a dose of castor-oil together with a few drops of laudanum.
laudatory	Pataky's laudatory review of The Sound Of Music had a non sequitur at the end.
laugh	Don't laugh at me!
laud	He waited on Archbishop Laud before his execution, and was chaplain to Charles I.
laughter	There was silent laughter in his voice.
laughing	We're not laughing at you.
launch	He'd gone still, like a panther about to launch itself.
laughable	He found it laughable that the living invented so many myths to create a false sense of security regarding the dark predators.
laundromat	He lives right up there, over the Laundromat.
lauder	The chapter-house, adjoining the choir, was built by Bishop Thomas Lauder (1395-1481) in 1469, and the vault beneath is the burial-place of the Atholl Murrays.
laughingly	They huffed their way, with Jennifer laughingly stopping to catch her breath every few steps.
launchpad	You must register with creative launchpad for each seminar you wish to attend.
laundry	I was folding clothes in the laundry room.
latin	We can pull in a Natural from Latin America.
launcher	The shells were always fired via a mortar launcher.
launderette	There is a coin-operated launderette in Reid Hall for students to do their own laundry.
laundrette	Laundrette A coin operated laundry with ironing facilities is located next to the Village Office.
laundress	He was invariably dressed in a suit of the most spotless black, as if going to a dinner party; his white neck-cloth was fresh from the laundress's hands, and his hat shining like a racer's coat.
lava	Great streams of lava flowed from the crater in ancient times.
laureate	In 1486 he published his first book, Ars versificandi et carminum, which created an immense sensation and gained him the honour of being crowned as the first poet laureate of Germany, the ceremony being performed by the emperor Frederick III.
launder	While you have to learn how to launder cloth diapers, you don't have to learn anything special in terms of changing cloth diapers.
lavage	Methods to accurately measure eotaxin in lung lavage fluid, sputum and blood are being developed.
lavatory	The arches of the lavatory are to be seen near the refectory entrance.
lave	Lave, J. and Wenger, E. (1991) Situated learning.
lavish	Never would she have guessed such a lavish home existed in these rustic mountains.
laurel	When conferred for service in war the cross rests on a green laurel wreath.
lavishness	He sets the Normans before us as a race specially marked by cunning, despising their own inheritance in the hope of winning a greater, eager after both gain and dominion, given to imitation of all kinds, holding a certain mean between lavishness and greediness - that is, perhaps uniting, as they certainly did, these two seemingly opposite qualities.
laver	Porphyra laciniata, the edible laver; Codium tomentosum, a coarse species; Padina pavonia, common in shallow water; Ulva latissima; Haliseris polypodioides; Sargassum bacciferum; the well-known gulf weed, probably transported from the Atlantic; Zostera marina, forming dense beds in muddy bays; the roots are cast up by storms and are valuable to dress the fields.
lavishly	The other three sides are lavishly decorated with statuary.
law	In contrast, courts of law apply the law to everyone.
laura	Howe, and for association with Laura Bridgman and Helen Keller; the Massachusetts school for idiotic and feebleminded children (1839); and the Massachusetts charitable eye and ear infirmary (1824), all receive financial aid from the commonwealth, which has representation in their management.
lawfully	Retables may be lawfully used in the church of England (Liddell Beale, 1860, 14 P.C.).
lawfulness	In doing this he was led to investigate the grounds of the lawfulness of war in general.
lavender	The parcel contained a beautiful lavender dress, causing Cynthia to let out a slight gasp.
lawful	Young Adams graduated from Harvard College in 1740, and three years later, on attaining the degree of A.M., chose for his thesis, Whether it be Lawful to resist the Supreme Magistrate, if the Commonwealth cannot otherwise be preserved.
lawmaker	It is time to let democracy back into Northern Ireland and to punish the lawbreaker not the lawmaker.
lawgiver	As a lawgiver also Birger laboured strenuously in the interests of civilization.
laxative	Internally, sulphur is a mild laxative, being converted in the intestine into sulphides.
lawless	It had been lawless and rebellious.
lawman	The lawman climbed into his Cherokee.
lawlessness	Even Norman lawlessness in some sort took a legal shape.
lax	Deidre sighed, her body going lax once more.
laxity	Indeed its founder, Ramananda, who probably flourished in the latter part of the 14th century, according to the traditional account, was originally a SriVaishnava monk, and, having come under the suspicion of laxity in observing the strict rules of food during his peregrinations, and been ordered by his superior (Mahant) to take his meals apart from his brethren, left the monastery in a huff and set up a schismatic math of his own at Benares.
lay	What lay at the end of that path?
laxness	The Liberal party, which now came into control in the college repeatedly disappointed the hopes of Cotton Mather that he might be chosen president, and by its ecclesiastical laxness and its broader views of Church polity forced the Mathers to turn from Harvard to Yale as a truer school of the prophets.
lawn	I've got some gasoline I use in the lawn mower.
lawsuit	In the case of a lawsuit the plaintiff preferred his own plea.
lawyer	Maybe she wanted to talk to a lawyer first.
layman	The writing is clear and aimed at the intelligent layman.
lazar	The death of Stephen Dushan, in 1356, had left his empire defenceless against the Hungarians, Turks and other enemies; and to win help from Bosnia the Servian tsar Lazar ceded to Tvrtko a large tract of territory, including the principality of Tribunia.
layette	Locked herself in her room for days working on layette sets for the grand children Russie would never provide.
lazaretto	There is also in the city an immense lazaretto for lepers.
lazy	He says they're too lazy to work.
lazarus	Throughout the game, you'll encounter victims of the bloodlust of Lazarus and his minions.
laying	She moved closer to him, laying her head on his chest.
laziness	Nor did the laziness which made him unwilling to sit down to his desk prevent him from giving instruction or entertainment orally.
lazily	Poorly made shoes are lazily crafted and not cut in proper proportion to the foot.
layer	The sun had melted a thin layer of water over the ice in the water trough.
lbw	StokeÃ¢s reply started badly when Chris Finch was hit on the thigh and dubiously adjudged lbw in the second over.
lead	Lead the way my subject.
leader	A good leader makes a good team the best, as my father says.
lea	It lies between the river Lea and the western outskirts of Epping Forest.
leaden	A piece of leaden water-pipe found in the house bears NER.
leach	Excessive amounts of protein can leach calcium from bones.
lcd	The LCD screen seems to be overly bright on the model I looked at.
leafless	From the great juicy, leafless, branchless stalk of the yucca, soap is prepared, and strong fibres useful in making paper, rope and fabrics.
leaf	There was evaporation of water from the leaf.
leafage	But in the great Sala dell' Asse (or della Torre) abundant traces of Leonardo's own hand were found, in the shape of a decoration of intricate geometrical knot or plait work .combined with natural leafage; the abstract puzzle-pattern, of a kind in which Leonardo took peculiar pleasure, intermingling in cunning play and contrast with a pattern of living boughs and leaves exquisitely drawn in free and vital growth.
lb	In order to be sure that the heat was not due to the action of the air upon the newly exposed metallic surface, the cylinder and the end of the boring bar were immersed in 18-77 lb.
league	He strongly opposed the League of Nations.
leaguer	A trader who is even suspected of dealing with such a victim of tyranny may be ruined by the mere imputation; his customers shun him from fear, and he is obliged to get a character from some notorious leaguer.
layout	The site doesn't look very good with the current layout.
leaky	Make sure you don't have any leaky pipes.
leaflet	The instruction leaflet offers various methods for getting out of tight spots.
leadership	Before taking on a leadership position, you should understand how each aspect of your organization runs.
leaning	Howard was leaning against the wall.
leal	In 1558 it received a coat of arms and the title of Muy noble y muy Leal from the king of Spain - a distinction of great significance in that disturbed period of colonial history.
leant	In practice, he leant constantly towards laxity.
learn	I have to learn to control myself.
leakage	In practice it may be considerably less, owing to leakage at the valves and between the piston and cylinder.
leak	Is there a leak in you operation?
leafy	The leafy stem ends in spikes of small yellow flowers.
learned	It's the lessons we learned from the past.
leanness	The effect in bad cases is to cause loss of appetite, a leaden pallor of the skin, and a degree of leanness so excessive as to make its victims appear like living skeletons.
learnt	Besides what he learnt from his own observation, he collected much information from others concerning countries which he did not visit.
leapt	It leapt toward the dark forest.
learning	You are learning about them today.
leap	Little calf does run and leap in field.
learner	There was a good rapport between tutor and learner.
leash	Samantha put a leash on Nickolai.
leaping	She whirled, heart leaping at the sound.
leary	However, I was extremely leary of the whole idea.
leasehold	In Latium leasehold and farming by landlords prevail, but cases of, nezzadria and of improvement farms exist.
lean	He was lean and agile.
leather	She sank into the softness of her leather chair.
leat	The water runs from the lakes to the mill via the leat, which is constructed of rendered brickwork.
leading	The door leading to his father.s corpse was locked, and he tested it.
leathern	The Luck of Eden Hall, which has been celebrated in a ballad by the duke of Wharton, and in a second ballad written by Uhland, the German poet, and translated by Longfellow, is an enamelled goblet, kept in a leathern case dating from the times of Henry IV.
leave	What time are we going to leave tomorrow?
leatherette	Despite the small interior, there are two good gingham covered tables with excellent minimalist 1960s leatherette n ' metal chairs.
leathery	Leathery fingers wrapped around her body.
leavings	We much doubt the desirability of women candidates accepting the party leavings.
leaves	No one leaves his mate in a place like this.
leaved	The characteristic plants are thorny and small leaved, or else bulbous.
lease	Sell this place to Katie, or lease it to her.
lecher	You make him sound like an old lecher.
lecherous	When I take a bath, I certainly don't want a hundred lecherous strangers staring at me.
least	At least they were talking.
leaven	On the other hand, the absence of leaven may recall primitive practice before its introduction as a domestic luxury; sacral rites generally keep alive primitive custom.
leavening	Leavening is what makes baking both a delight and a challenge.
ledge	The ledge was just wide enough for her foot to fit fully.
leasing	Ticket leasing terminal by many to chinchorro biosphere reserve.
lee	Towards the mainland the water shoals, and the best anchorage is under the lee of the island.
lectern	He strode to the lectern where the massive book was perched.
lecithin	The choline found in lecithin is used to make acetylcholine in the body.
lectionary	Though thus attributed here to Alcuin, who is known to have revised the Lectionary or Comes Hieronymi, the compilation 176 homilies arranged in order for all the Sundays and festivals of the ecclesiastical year; and probably was completed before the year 780.
leech	In the leech the two branches are fused into one.
leek	There is more than one meaning of Leek discussed in the 1911 Encyclopedia.
lectureship	In 1851 an English and in 1852 an Anglo-Saxon lectureship were established.
lecture	Another lecture was imminent.
leer	She searched his face suspiciously but there was no leer in his expression.
ledger	The first entries in his sales ledger are expected next year.
leeward	Tetuaroa and Tubai, besides the three western Leeward Isles, are coral atolls.
leeway	In general, you are more likely to get some leeway with painting the walls when you're renting from a private landlord as opposed to an apartment complex - but it doesn't hurt to ask.
leftist	There were a few speeches from the liberal left present, but it was the usual leftist drivel.
lees	Some steep seed in soda and oil lees to get a larger produce.
lecturer	In 1845 he was Boyle lecturer and Warburton lecturer.
leery	Just be leery of who you trust.
lefty	Beginner banjos come in right or left-handed models, so choose the one you are most comfortable with; there is no need to re-string a right-handed model to accommodate a lefty.
legal	Even though she had made most of the payments on the land, he still had legal claim.
leftover	When they returned to the house, she warmed up some leftover spaghetti and sat down at the table to eat with him.
legalese	There's no point drafting convoluted legalese to be sure of precision if people then ca n't disentangle the meaning.
legalization	The aim, not expressed, was the legalization of slavery.
legalistic	If you've got legalistic Pharisaism, you haven't got the faith of God!
legalism	Legalism was joined with sacramentarianism, doubling the power of the priest.
legality	A new foundation had to be laid on which a new system of legality might be reared.
legalize	For years, there has been an argument to legalize marijuana for medical purposes.
legacy	George Washington left behind a legacy of strong leadership.
legatee	Usually he was residuary legatee.
legateship	He was brought to Canterbury, possibly by Becket, together with a supply of books upon the civil law, to act as counsel (causidicus) to Archbishop Theobald in his struggle, which ended successfully in 1146, to obtain the transfer of the legateship from the bishop of Winchester to himself.
left	All the sun's warmth left the air.
leg	After your leg is broken next week.
legation	The rest of the Europeans crowded into the British legation for their own safety.
legate	The matter was examined and the legate ordered the suit to be quashed.
leger	When Kildare became viceroy in 1524, O'Neill consented to act as his swordbearer in ceremonies of state; but his allegiance was not to be reckoned upon, and while ready enough to give verbal assurances of loyalty, he could not be persuaded to give hostages as security for his conduct; but Tyrone having been invaded in 1541 by Sir Anthony St Leger, the lord deputy, Conn delivered up his son as a hostage, attended a parliament held at Trim, and, crossing to England, made his submission at Greenwich to Henry VIII., who created him earl of Tyrone for life, and made him a present of money and a valuable gold chain.
leggy	He grabbed her hand and pulled her close, Dance with me, my leggy Siren.
legibly	He invented a machine which so supported his hand that he could write legibly with closed eyes.
legally	Legally, we had no business going in there in the first place.
legged	The pants can be loose fitting and wide legged, or tightly fitted.
legibility	There 's the legibility of a serif face, balanced with the authority of a sans-serif.
legendary	Legendary history goes back much further.
legible	In the top seam, faded but legible, was written Annie in very small print.
leghorn	He died near Leghorn on the 25th of June 1868.
legit	The site does prefer that you become a registered member, as they are working hard to keep everything legit.
legislate	Moreover, the English Houses claimed and exercised the power to legislate directly for Ireland without even the nominal concurrence of the parliament in Dublin.
legend	He declared the whole legend was fictitious.
legitimate	It is a legitimate question that deserves a carefully reasoned answer.
leggings	She wore black leggings and a mini-skirt with a dropped waistline.
legislator	As a legislator Henry was conservative.
legionary	The legionary fortresses were large rectangular others, principally (it seems) forts built before 150, wood is used freely and only the few principal buildings seem to have been constructed throughout of stone.
legion	In the same year he was admitted to the Legion of Honour.
legitimately	We shall try to indicate the extent to which it can legitimately be applied.
legitimacy	The question between the Lutheran (Augustinian) and Reformed (Philonic) division of the ten commandments was mixed up with controversy as to the legitimacy of sacred images not designed to be worshipped.
legitimize	First, visitors need to believe that you are a legitimize business.
legless	It bores through and enters the developing seed, where it undergoes a moult and becomes legless.
legitimist	During the reign of Louis Philippe he adhered to the legitimist policy of his family, but he became reconciled to the .government of Napoleon III.
legitimation	The business of the divorce - or rather, of the legitimation of Anne Boleyn's expected issue - had now become very urgent, and in the new archbishop he had an agent who might be expected to forward it with the needful haste.
legume	Most plants from the legume family have the ability to fix nitrogen, making them perfect choices for companion planting.
legislation	The main object of all such legislation is to secure the residence of the owners on the land.
legislative	Besides its legislative functions, the senate is the highest court of justice in the case of political offences or the impeachment of ministers.
legroom	Latest inflight entertainment Upgrade to Star Class Premier Do you fancy even more legroom, more personal space and complimentary drinks throughout the flight?
legislature	An appropriation bill cannot be vetoed after the legislature adjourns.
leisured	It was found that the government by Boule and Ecclesia did not mean popular control in the full sense; it meant government by the leisured classes, inasmuch as the industrious farmer or herdsman could not leave his work to give his vote at the Ecclesia, or do his duty as a councillor.
lei	Besides the silver pieces worth 2, 1, 2 and 5 lei, gold coins of 5, 10 and 20 lei are used.
leisure	What an abundance of leisure he must have!
legwork	Free Trade Magazine Source - Rather than being a free internet design publication in and of itself, this website has done the legwork and collected a list of free design mags for you.
leisurely	He slapped the team into action and they headed for town at a more leisurely pace.
leitmotif	This curse, the Leitmotif of the whole story, began to operate at once.
leman	In 1798 Lausanne became a simple prefecture of the canton Leman.
leguminous	It seems obvious that the lighter and poorer soils would benefit more than the heavier or richer soils by the extended growth of leguminous crops.
lemming	The reindeer, arctic fox (Canis lagopus), hare, wolf, lemming (Myodes obensis), collar lemming (Cuniculus torquatus) and two species of voles (Arvicolae) are the most common on land.
lemma	Suppose somebody suggests an approach to an unsolved problem that involves proving an intermediate lemma.
lend	You want to lend me them glasses, Bordeaux?
lemongrass	Lemongrass - This uplifting and refreshing soap combines pure essential oil of lemongrass with fresh organic lemongrass leaves grown on Kauai.
lemmas	Halley added in his edition (1710) a restoration of Book viii., in which he was guided by the fact that Pappus gives lemmas to the seventh and eighth books under that one heading, as well as by the statement of Apollonius himself that the use of the seventh book was illustrated by the problems solved in the eighth.
lemniscate	The name lemniscate is sometimes given to any crunodal quartic curve having only one real finite branch which is symmetric about the axis.
lemonade	A pitcher of lemonade was on the table.
lemony	If you're looking for a fun mystery game that requires thinking and careful deduction and are a fan of Lemony Snicket's books, then you'll love A Series of Unfortunate Events.
lengthen	Accents on vowels lengthen them; on d and t they are softening marks.
lemur	The Galeopithecus volans (kubin, flying cat or flying lemur) is fairly common.
lengthways	Friction of Pivots and Collars.When a shaft is acted upon b a force tending toshift it lengthways, that force must be balanced by the reaction of a bearing against a pivot at the end of the shaft; or, if that be impossible, against one or more collars, or rings projecting from the body of the shaft.
lengthened	His fangs lengthened, and she stared at them, the reality of her situation beginning to sink in.
lengthwise	The most durable of fences are those formed of small oaks, split lengthwise by the wedge into thin boards.
length	His canines were four times the length of hers.
lenient	The way was further prepared by a lenient use of the penal laws.
leniency	Flechier, by his leniency and tact, succeeded in bringing over some of them to his views, and even gained the esteem of those who declined to change their faith.
leniently	Vallandigham had returned to his home in defiance of his banishment beyond military lines, and was leniently suffered to remain.
lending	The study was greeted as lending urgency to calls for reforms of the library service.
lenity	Towards the Jews, however, he acted with exceptional lenity, protecting them from persecution and securing them the enjoyment of their legal privileges.
lemon	She focused on mixing dish soap and lemon juice in her palm.
lenten	The battle of the Herrings (February 1429) was fought in order to cover the march of a convoy of Lenten food to the English army besieging Orleans.
lenticular	In most cases this cornea is divided into lenticular facets corresponding to the underlying ommatidia.
lender	Keep in mind that every lender has a limit when it comes to these types of loans.
lent	The amount lent on security was 4,153,229.
lentil	I have mastered everything from lentil spinach soup to shrimp salad !
lengthy	His response came after a lengthy pause.
leonine	The Greeks equated Ubasti with their Artemis, confusing her with the leonine Tafne, sister of Shoou (Apollo).
leper	To touch a leper was forbidden, and the offence involved ceremonial defilement.
leopard	The cult of the leopard is widely found in West Africa.
leotard	He applies black lipstick and fake blood to his white leotard and tights.
lepidopterous	Lepidopterous enemies are numerous all over the world.
lepidolite	Within two years of the invention the authors announced the discovery of two metals, rubidium and caesium, closely allied to sodium, potassium and lithium in properties, in the mineral lepidolite and in the Diirkheim mineral water.
lens	If not, the substitution of an achromatic lens will be of no advantage.
leprous	They are indeed exceedingly beautiful; and yet the surrounding waste of hills is chiefly a barren repetition of sun-cracked crags and ridges with parched and withered valleys intersecting them, where a trickle of salt water leaves a white and leprous streak amongst the faded tamarisk or the yellow stalks of last season's grass.
leprosy	He succumbed to leprosy on the 15th of April 1889.
leprechaun	If you want to be a leprechaun out of the traditional tales, Buy Costumes also has a leprechaun costume with a scary mask included, guaranteed to induce nightmares.
leptospirosis	All the products on the market for canine leptospirosis are all killed products.
lepton	For each charged lepton flavor there is a corresponding neutrino flavor.
less	Go find a less annoying way to earn some money.
lesbianism	This label is a reaction to exploiting the idea of lesbianism.
lessen	It can lessen its enforcement of private property rights.
lesion	Within the cortex of the right frontal lobe there was found a lesion.
lest	They feared to spare him lest he should report the matter to the king.
lesson	I've learned my lesson, though.
lethargic	Lana awoke lethargic and in pain.
leo	Leo shook his head and smiled.
lespedeza	Bush Clover (Lespedeza) - Large flowering plants of the Pea order, few as yet tried in England.
lessee	Sporting rights will pass to the lessee unless reserved.
lethality	Gabe bristled, aware of the quiet lethality of the Immortal before him.
lethal	The Watcher took a step back at his lethal tone.
lessor	At harvest-time the produce is placed in the barns of the lessor, who first deducts 25% as premium, then 16% for battiteria (the difference between corn before and after winnowing), then deducts a proportion for rent and subsidies, so that the portion retained by the actual tiller of the soil is extremely meagre.
lethe	This thought begins to appear in literature in the end of the 5th century B.C., when Aristophanes (Frogs, 186) speaks of the plain of Lethe.
lett	They will be lett by auction to the best bidder on producing sufficient sureties for payment of monies.
letdown	The biggest letdown of the game is the variety of enemies, or lack of them.
letterhead	Where an order is placed by a company, obtain a written purchase order on the company's letterhead.
lettered	In the taverns and low places of amusement haunted by those lettered songsters, on the open road and in the forests trodden by their vagrant feet, the deities of Greece and Rome were not in exile, but at home within the hearts of living men.
lethargy	Very large doses in animals cause lethargy, collapse and death.
lettuce	She grabbed a head of lettuce and shut the door.
letterman	Soon his suspicions prove well-founded, the majority of the Letterman audience laughing at rather than with him.
letterpress	Far better both as draughtsman and as authority was George Edwards, who in 1 743 began, under the same title as Albin, a series of plates with letterpress, which was continued by the name of Gleanings in Natural History, and finished in 1760, when it had reached seven parts, forming four quarto volumes, the figures of which are nearly always quoted with approval.4 The year which saw the works of Edwards completed was still further distinguished by the appearance in France, where little had been done since Belon's days,' in six quarto volumes, of the Ornithologie of MathurinJacques Brisson - a work of very great merit so far as it goes, for as a descriptive ornithologist the author stands even now unsurpassed; but it must be said that his knowledge, according to internal evidence, was confined to books and to the external parts of birds' skins.
leucite	Leucite and nepheline rocks have been found in various parts of the island, especially in the south-west.
lettish	In the Baltic provinces (Esthonia, Livonia and Courland) the prevailing population is Esthonian, Kuronian or Lettish, the Germans being respectively only 3.8, 7.6 and 8.2% of the population.
leucine	Whey protein isolate has approximately 50% more leucine than soy protein isolate.
let	Let him decide the matter for us.
lesser	He will become the lesser of two evils.
leucocytic	The fact of this increased leucocytic activity during the early stages, or the whole course of infection by Cestodes, is indirect proof that these parasites do normally discharge toxic substances into their hosts.
leucocyte	In 1986 further recognition was achieved with our work with bedside Leucocyte depletion filters.
lettering	The nomenclature or lettering of maps is a subject deserving special attention.
leucocytosis	This, as already pointed out, depends upon the increase of opsonins, though it is also to be noted that in many infective conditions there is another factor present, namely a leucocytosis, that is, an increase of the leucocytes in the blood, and the defensive powers of the body are thereby increased.
letter	Do you know what the letter said?
lev	It should be noted that in P (Code of Holiness) Lev.
leukemia	People who are at an increased risk for developing leukemia because of proven exposure to ionizing radiation or exposure to the toxic liquid benzene, and people with Down syndrome, should undergo periodic medical checkups.
leukocyte	They will be tissue-typed to determine whether their bone marrow has the same human leukocyte antigens (HLA) as the affected child.
level	The carpenters tried to keep the dust level down, but it was impossible to avoid all of it.
leverage	Once we're there, we'll have all the leverage we need.
leveler	The wet is a great leveler; I had four or five laps with Tim Storrar.
levee	The weekly levee was practically abandoned.
levantine	The position of Rhodes as a distributing centre of Levantine and especially of Phoenician goods is well attested by archaeological finds.
leviable	Puteoli was preferred to Naples, (a) as being in Roman territory, (b) because the customs duty was only leviable once, not twice as it would have been at Naples - once by the local authorities, and once by the Roman authorities on entrance into Roman territory.'
leviathan	In Leviathan he had vehemently assailed the system of the universities, as originally founded for the support of the papal against the civil authority, and as still working social mischief by adherence to the old learning.
levelling	Gears are provided for elevating, levelling, aligning the upper and lower optical systems, adjusting the inclination of the reflector and rotating the mast around a vertical axis so that observations may be made and azimuth angles taken in all directions.
lever	You use this lever to lower the sickle, like this and then lift it over stumps and such.
levant	But it is in the domestic architecture of Venice that we find the most striking and characteristic examples of Gothic. The introduction of that style coincided with the consolidation of the Venetian constitution and the Gothic development of Venetian commerce both in the Levant and with England and Flanders.
levitate	She was able to levitate three inches from the ground.
levite	The exact meaning of these features is not clear, but if it be remembered (a) that the Levites of post-exilic literature represent only the result of a long and intricate development, (b) that the name Levite, in the later stages at least, was extended to include all priestly servants, and (c) that the priesthoods, in tending to become hereditary, included priests who were Levites by adoption and not by descent, it will be recognized that the examination of the evidence for the earlier stages cannot confine itself to those narratives where the specific term alone occurs.
levitation	Apparently he'll be doing some levitation on the stage tomorrow.
levin	The office of ban was revived, and its holder, Baron Levin Rauch, was an ardent Magyarist.
levis	He started the Journal de Levis, and his revolutionary doctrines compelled him to leave Canada for the United States.
levity	Maybe a little levity would help.
levodopa	At least 70 to 100mg of carbidopa per day should be provided for optimal inhibition of extracerebral decarboxylation of levodopa.
levulose	Among the enzymes already extracted from fungi are invertases (yeasts, moulds, &c.), which split cane-sugar and other complex sugars with hydrolysis into simpler sugars such as dextrose and levulose; diastases, which convert starches into sugars (Aspergillus, &c.); cytases, which dissolve cellulose similarly (Botrytis, &c.); peptases, using the term as a general one for all enzymes which convert proteids into peptones and other bodies (Penicillium, &c.); lipases, which break up fatty oils (Empusa, Phycomyces, &c.); oxydases, which bring about the oxidations and changes of colour observed in Boletus, and zymase, extracted by Buchner from yeast, which brings about the conversion of sugar into alcohol and carbondioxide.
lew	Two more grayling of the same size quickly followed, but I have never taken a grayling from the Lew since that spring day.
levitical	However intelligible may be the notion of a tribe reserved for priestly service, the fact that it does not apply to early biblical history is apparent from the heterogeneous details of the Levitical divisions.
lewd	Suggestive or lewd comments can be offensive and detract from the occasion.While a wedding speech should be unique, there are some basic elements that you can incorporate to get you started.
levy	A general military levy was occasionally made.
letting	Why was she letting it bother her anyway?
lexicographer	It's written by lexicographer Andrew Delahunty who also produced The Oxford Dictionary of Nicknames.
lexicography	Lastly, he established a scientific system of lexicography and drew up lists of the best authors.
lexical	At Lexical Word Finder you can actually input the current state of the Scrabble game in the website's program.
lewis	It does not appear Rudman is responsible for Amy Lou Lewis, who remains missing from her Cranston, Rhode Island home since last week.
lexis	There is much lexis that has the features of Ossetic -European isoglosses.
liable	The species most liable to be struck are oaks, poplars and pear trees; beech trees are exceptionally safe.
ley	The former, being soluble, is left in the water; but the latter, an insoluble body, is in part attached to the fibres, from which it is only separated by changing into soluble metapectic acid under the action of hot alkaline ley in the subsequent process of bleaching.
liaise	You need to liaise with various landowners in order to obtain access to suitable ground.
lexicon	The only completed lexicon (apart from the Indices of Naudet, 1832, and Weise, 1838) is that of Pareus (2nd ed., 1634).
liar	You are either a liar or very good!
liane	The harbour is formed by the mouth of the Liane.
li	The Misquito country is characterized by names terminating in laya, water, or auala, river; the Sumo and Ulua country by names in uas, water; the Matagalpan by names in li, water; the Lenca by names in tique, lique, isque and (ai) quin.
liaison	She became his mistress, and the liaison lasted till he died.
liao	Next in importance to these rivers are the Liao and Ya-lu, the former of which rises in Mongolia, and after running in an easterly direction for about 400 m.
liassic	The Liassic beds are often metamorphosed and the limestones contain garnet and wollastonite.
libation	Though they saw the enemy advancing upon them sword in hand they remained at worship untroubled and were slaughtered as they poured libation and burned incense, for they put their own safety second to the service of God.
lib	Tartaglia's own account of his early life is contained in his Quesiti, lib.
lias	The Permian may be represented, but the Trias is absent, and in general the older Palaeozoic rocks are overlaid directly by the Rhaetic and Lias.
liability	A defect of title or undisclosed liability would invalidate the sale at any time.
libel	For printing these Zenger was arrested for libel in November 1734.
libellous	The personal element is conspicuous in the Brazilian journalism, and for a considerable period of its history libellous attacks on persons, signed by professional sponsors, popularly called testas de ferro (iron heads), were admitted at so much a line in the best newspapers.
libelous	For one thing, such titles are often themselves libelous, and simply quoting it back repeats the libel.
liberality	He exercised a large liberality and did much to further the work of temperance and purity organizations.
liberalization	Not only in trade liberalization but in every other aspect of globalization even seemingly well-intentioned efforts have often backfired.
liber	Norberg (Codex Nazaraeus, liber Adami appellatus, 3 vols., Copenhagen, 1815-1816, followed by a lexicon in 1816, and an onomasticon in 1817), is so defective as to be quite useless; even the name Book of Adam is unknown to the Mandaeans.
libertarian	Thus libertarian free will has to disappear from their belief.
liberate	The object of rolling is to crush the leaves and to break their cells so as to liberate the juices.
liberally	But he was infinitely generous and affectionate, and spent his enormous fortune liberally.
libertarianism	This view seems to preserve all that is questionable in Libertarianism, while omitting its moral meaning.
liberator	Lessing was the great liberator of the German mind.
liberation	We cannot ignore the fact that this or that issue of the military operations will facilitate or render more difficult our work of liberation in Russia.
liberal	Lori's past was a little too liberal for such a conservative family.
liberalism	In Spain and Portugal, and also in Belgium, a Liberalism inimical to the Church was in power.
libertine	As he characterized his opponents in general as the pestilent herd of libertine scribblers with which the island is overrun, it is no matter of surprise that the book made him many bitter enemies.
libido	I have a healthy libido.
library	She left the library to return Damian's phone.
libran	It's with this rational mind that the Libran mother will tell her children to eat their carrots, and then explain, quite charmingly, that if they don't they may suffer the medical consequences.
libretto	The libretto was complete before his visit to London in 1877.
libyan	The name, it has been suggested, is identical with Libyan or Libi.
librarianship	His colleagues in the librarianship were Alexander of Aetolia and Lycophron of Chalcis, to whom were allotted the tragic and comic writers respectively, Homer and other epic poets being assigned to Zenodotus.
librarian	Cynthia's widowed mother was a librarian in a small Indiana town.
libration	There is also a libration in latitude, arising from the fact that the axis of rotation of the moon is not precisely perpendicular to the plane of her orbit.
librettist	But so long as we treat Wagner like a prose philosopher, a librettist, a poet, a mere musician, or anything short of the complex and many-sided artist he really is, we shall find insuperable obstacles to understanding or enjoying his works.
liberty	I took the liberty of confirming some of these cases.
libra	In the zodiac of Merton College, Oxford, Libra is represented by a judge in his robes and Pisces by the dolphin of Fitzjames, warden of the college, 1482-1507.6 The great rose-windows of the Early Gothic period were frequently painted with zodiacal emblems; and some frescoes in the cathedral of Cologne contain the signs, each with an attendant angel, just as they were depicted on the vault of the church at Mount Athos.
lice	Flies, lice, gadflies and mosquitoes are the worst of the insect plagues.
licentious	His mask of veneration slowly turned into a licentious grin.
licentiate	Wolmar, who had taught Greek to Calvin, grounded Beza in Scripture from a Protestant standpoint; after his return to Germany (1534) Beza studied law at Orleans (May 1535 to August 1539), beginning practice in Paris (1539) as law licentiate.
licensee	The licensee was precluded from opening public call offices and from laying trunk lines from one town to another.
licence	State prohibition had been defeated in 1881 by a vote of 100,000; in 1902 the Anti-Saloon League organized in the state; in 1903 the Watts Law enacted rural prohibition, giving towns local option, under which many of the towns voted no licence ; and in 1905 severe police regulations were provided for towns in which saloons were licensed.
lichen	The water moved silently over moss and lichen covered slabs of rocks, forming small pools in the low spots.
lick	When I was about your age, I wasn't a lick smarter than you.
licentiousness	By a natural recoil it produced licentiousness of conduct which the pastorals hotly denounce.
licking	He grabbed an order of French fries and a burger at the drive-in of a national chain, eating on the road, licking the salt from his fingers as he searched among the glass and steel structures for the address he had jotted down earlier.
license	I reported the license plate number to him.
licorice	Jill hates the licorice ones and eats all her jelly beans except the licorice ones.
lidded	You'll find everything from lidded boxes with flowers and polka dot patterns, to more modern looking designs.
lido	All three are dotted with small islands, possibly the remains of some earlier lido.
lied	Sofia hung up and stared at the number on the paper, wondering if Jake had lied to her or if he flat out screwed up the number.
lien	But the abolition of the law of hypothec in 1879 - under which the landlord had a lien for rent upon the produce of the land, the cattle and sheep fed on it, and the live stock and implements used in husbandry - the Ground Game Act of 1880, the sevekal Agricultural Holdings Acts, and the construction of light railways improved matters and established a better understanding.
lieder	Die deutsche Philologie im Grundriss (1836) was at the time of its publication a valuable contribution to philological research, and historians of German literature still attach importance to his Geschichte des deutschen Kirchenliedes bis auf Luther (1832; 3rd ed., 1861), Unsere volkstiimlichen Lieder (3rd ed., 1869) and Die deutschen Gesellschaftslieder des 16.
lieu	It will be gone, and you will have nothing valuable in lieu of it.
life	This is the life he was born for.
lieutenancy	In 1860, with the Cavour party, he opposed the work of Garibaldi, Crispi and Bertani at Naples, and became secretary of Luigi Carlo Farini during the latter's lieutenancy, but in 1865 assumed contemporaneously the editorship of the Perseveranza of Milan and the chair of Latin literature at Florence.
liege	He razed the walls and allowed the women, children and priests to retire in safety to Liege, but the male prisoners he either hanged or drowned in the river by causing them to be cast from the projecting cliff of Bouvignes.
lid	She replaced the lid and glanced up again.
lieut	General Ramorino, disobeying his instructions, failed to prevent a corps of Austrians under Lieut.
lifeboat	A number of the lifeboat crew suffered minor injuries.
lie	I can't lie to him.
lifelessness	Though one may often be repelled by their lifelessness, their lack of spontaneity and the externalization of the ritual, it must be recognized that they placed a strict monotheism upon a legal basis.
lifeless	These forms were lifeless but still existed.
lieutenant	He just came in now, Lieutenant Anderson.
lifer	Red-headed bluebills teased us for a while but eventually a couple posed very well, my sixth lifer.
lifelong	It's a lifelong responsibility.
lift	That I did not lift my arm a moment later does not prove that I could have abstained from lifting it then.
ligament	Shell equivalve, with radiating costae and external ligament.
ligamentous	The shaft of the pubis runs parallel with that of the ischium, with which it is connected by a short ligamentous or bony bridge; this cuts off from the long incisura pubo-ischiadica a proximal portion, the foramen obturatum, for the passage of the obturator nerve.
light	She handed him a light blue shirt.
ligature	Do not keep the ligature longer than half an hour.
ligation	A tubal ligation involves cutting the fallopian tubes, which carry eggs from the ovaries to the uterus.
lighten	Jackson seized every opportunity to point out the upsides, and tried his best to lighten her mood.
lighthouse	There is a lighthouse at Baedlet Point.
lightening	My attempt at lightening the situation fell on deaf ears.
lifetime	She was close to realizing a lifetime goal.
lights	The immense house was brilliant with lights shining through its lofty windows.
lightness	Vases and drinking cups were produced of extreme lightness, in the walls of which were embedded patterns rivalling lace-work in fineness and intricacy.
lighter	It is slightly lighter than air.
lightning	Lightning flashed around them and thunder rumbled.
lighting	The lighting was harsh.
lightship	These handbags are authentic replicas of the original Lightship basket, which today is better known as the Nantucket Basket.
lightly	We didn't take this decision lightly!
lignification	Similarly, the small amount of cuticular and of epidermal protection, and of lignification in succulent halophytes may also be related to the same circumstance.
lignin	We anticipate that these results should reveal important insights into the regulation of lignin accumulation.
lignitic	It is marked by grey clays and sands, lignitic fossiliferous clays, beds of lignite or brown coal, sometimes 8 ft.
lifelike	We sat down in front of a pair of incredibly lifelike full size statues.
likability	Bynes' success is part talent and part likability.
ligroin	Conhydrine, CsH 17 NO, and pseudoconhydrine are probably stereoisomers, the latter being converted into the former when boiled with ligroin.
likable	She's very, very likable, and I'm thrilled to have her.
like	The people did not like this.
lignite	Brown coal, or lignite, occurs principally in Victoria.
likeable	Each one has some nobility of character that makes him likeable.
ligule	The rice plant is an annual grass with long linear glabrous leaves, each provided with a long sharply pointed ligule.
likely	It was likely a deer trail.
ligula	The inner lobe (lacinia) of the first maxilla terminates in an articulated hook, while in the second maxillae (labium) both inner and outer lobes (ligula and para-glossae) are much Gyrinus sulcatus reduced.
lightweight	He wasn't a lightweight either.
likewise	Grateful to him, she was likewise anxious to leave the island before the beast returned and flew off the handle.
liken	The public perception may look at foods labeled free range or no growth hormones used and liken them to organic foods.
lilliputian	The name of Basho is immemorially associated with this kind of lilliputian versicle, which reached the extreme of impressionism.
lilo	Lilo & Stitch is, I guess you could say, one of Disney's first flirtation with science fiction animation.
liliaceous	The nearly related Ficoideae replace the new-world Cactaceae, but the habit of the latter is simulated by fleshy Euphorbias and Asclepiads, just as that of A gave is by the liliaceous Aloe.
liking	She found herself liking this Darian too much.
lilting	The lilting tones of folk balladry drape the narrative voice of Sunset Song.
lilt	The familiar lilt of her accent was still present.
lilac	She selected an off-the-shoulder lilac colored sun dress that Alex liked.
limbo	The Pentactaea, at all events as it sprang from the brain of Semon, must pass to the limbo of mythological ancestors.
limacon	Thus Nicomedes invented the conchoid; Diodes the cissoid; Dinostratus studied the quadratrix invented by Hippias; all these curves furnished solutions, as is also the case with the trisectrix, a special form of Pascal's limacon.
limber	It might make you appreciate how limber you were as a child.
lima	Above Lima the western chain of the Andes is composed of porphyritic tuffs and massive limestones, while the longitudinal valley of the Oroya is hollowed in carbonaceous sandstones.
likeness	In the end, this volume diverges into the Attributes, construing God in the likeness of man via eminentiae.'
limekiln	Heating limestone to a high temperature in a limekiln produces calcium oxide (quicklime, a strong alkali ).
limerick	A limerick is a kind of burlesque epigram, written in five lines.
limb	The limb held, but her shoulder didn't.
limit	We have to limit the strain we place him under or he'll break.
limelight	If being in the limelight is something you welcome, then go for it.
limicoline	Baptornis, another of Marsh's genera, seems to be allied to Enaliornis, Palaeotringa and Talmatornis, were by him referred to Limicoline and Passerine birds.
limiter	Quite a nifty boat, once rev limiter removed !
lily	We bought a lily and set it in a sunny window.
lime	Salt, lime and gypsum are abundant.
limitation	But this limitation is always taken for granted.
limitless	If she had limitless money, this was a place she'd pick out.
limited	After a few hours of limited rest, they were back in the saddle again.
limiting	The three of us packed for three days only, as if so limiting our clothing changes would force our return more quickly.
limestone	Limestone, iron and coal are also found.
limpid	The traveller does not often look into such a limpid well.
limp	She held his limp hand and fought back panic.
limpet	The common limpet is a specially interesting and abundant example of the more primitive Aspidobranchia.
limousine	If you don't feel like driving, you do have the option to go by bus from Downtown Seattle; by limousine if you wish to take a private luxury shopping trip; and by shuttle from various suburbs, though a reservation is needed.
limonite	Under all these three conditions the diamond is associated with fragments of the rocks of the country and the minerals derived from them, 'especially quartz, hornstone, jasper, the polymorphous oxide of titanium (rutile, anatase and brookite), oxides and hydrates of iron (magnetite, ilmenite, haematite, limonite), oxide of tin, iron pyrites, tourmaline, garnet, xenotime, monazite, kyanite, diaspore, sphene, topaz, and several phosphates, and also gold.
limply	He sat heavily and swayed limply on his brisk little horse.
linalool	As an illustration of the extent to which this part of the industry suffers from the climate, it may be stated that oil from lavender plants grown in England never produces more than 7 to 10% linalool acetate, which gives the characteristic scent to lavender oil, whilst oil from lavender grown in the south of France frequently yields as much as 35% of the ester.
linden	Named Lyndenhurst by the mayor for the abundant linden trees on the property, it was commonly known as Paulding's Folly.
lineage	It is only conferred on those of royal lineage and upon high officers of state.
lineal	The principality of Satara was held to have lapsed in 1848 by the death of the raja without lineal heirs, and was annexed by the British government.
linear	Given certain linear and angular measurements, the area must be so and so.
lineally	From him also the reigning sovereign is lineally descended, and he is the liege lord of whom all the chiefs or nobles hold their lands in feu, for services which they or their ancestors had performed, or in virtue of their relationship to the family.
linearity	The specially contoured housing further improves the meters linearity particularly at lower fluid velocities.
lineaments	It has been truly observed' that the lineaments of Cicero intuitionalism are very clear in him.
limpidity	The limpidity of Chandler's style is a refreshing change from much of the apparently willful obfuscation which paradoxically prevails in communication studies.
linearly	In order to obtain the seminvari ants we would write down the (w; 0, n) terms each associated with a literal coefficient; if we now operate with 52 we obtain a linear function of (w - I; 8, n) products, for the vanishing of which the literal coefficients must satisfy (w-I; 0, n) linear equations; hence (w; 8, n)-(w-I; 0, n) of these coefficients may be assumed arbitrarily, and the number of linearly independent solutions of 52=o, of the given degree and weight, is precisely (w; 8, n) - (w - I; 0, n).
lineman	He is a former college football offensive lineman.
linesman	Even the linesman got in on the act with a highly dubious offside against Cox.
line	That sends you down another line of thought.
ling	The haaf or deep-sea catch principally consists of cod, ling, torsk and saithe.
linga	Holm of Papal, isle of the priest (2), belonging to Bressay parish, and Linga, heather isle (8), to the parish of Tingwall, lie S.E.
lingering	The sun was down, the afterglow of sunset lingering on the horizon.
lingerie	I watched a woman walk past a lingerie store, already laden with bags.
linger	We cannot linger over the details of this plan.
lingual	Lingual braces have brackets bonded to the back of the teeth.
lingo	First, understanding insurance lingo is only the.. .
linen	There were linen napkins, two china plates and champagne flutes on top.
liner	Ensure that there is adequate frontal coverage to absorb urine, and also check to make sure that the whole liner is really inside the diaper cover so that moisture cannot wick from the inside of the diaper to the outside.
lined	Men and women lined the walls, most making out.
linguist	He was already a good linguist, understanding both Latin and Hebrew.
liniment	From the root of Aconitum Napellus are prepared a liniment and a tincture.
linguistic	In the regions of greatest linguistic mixture is the greatest heterogeneity of cephalic index.
linkage	We may also notice the disruption of unsaturated acids at the double linkage into a mixture of two acids, when fused with potash.
lining	They're all lining up now.
linker	I am getting an odd linker error to so with virtual destructors and I'm not sure what the problem could be.
linking	Your linking to any other pages on other sites is at your own risk.
linkup	Glenys Kinnock is also there, but alas there isn't a live linkup with her husband, as we'd perhaps hoped.
lino	I have some lino in my kitchen which is backed with asbestos paper.
links	An esplanade is built along the sea-wall, and the town possesses golf links and other recreation grounds.
linked	The former may be linked with Gen.
linoleum	The only thing the derelict linoleum factory is good for is weeds.
linnet	Thus, the linnet and partridge have failed to establish themselves in New Zealand.
linseed	Flax, linseed, corn and timber are the leading articles of commerce.
lint	The separation of lint from seed is accomplished in various ways.
lintel	The lintel of the inner gate was formed by a single stone 18 ft.
lion	There was a lion in the linen closet and no one wanted to reach for the towel.
lioness	The lioness is about a foot less.
liparite	The lavas and ashes ejected by these volcanoes consist of liparite, dacite, andesite and basalt.
lipase	Lipase breaks down stored fat in the body.
lip	Her lip began to tremble.
lipgloss	The lipgloss, which contains peppermint, is available in six colors.
lipid	Some areas showed accumulation of neutral lipid in fibers that stained positively for succinate dehydrogenase.
lipoma	This case illustrates the laparoscopic management of benign small bowel intussusception due to lipoma.
lipoprotein	The increased risk is due mainly to raised low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C ).
lips	His lips twisted into a wry smile.
likelihood	There was in all likelihood a near kindred between the earliest inhabitants of the two lands.
linguistics	During this time, I realized that I wanted to study linguistics.
link	I'll send you the link to our online forum.
liquation	As quarried or mined free sulphur is always contaminated with limestone, gypsum, clay, &c.; the principle underlying its extraction from these impurities is one of simple liquation, i.e.
liquefaction	The carbide is heated to complete liquefaction and tapped at short intervals.
lipstick	Then one day I found lipstick on his clothes.
liquefy	Faraday was first able to liquefy ammonia.
liquid	There was a tall glass of clear liquid in her hand.
liquidate	It remained in Mantegna's studio unsold at his death, and was disposed of to liquidate debts.
liqueur	This liqueur is made of fine wine, brandy and candied sugar.
liquidator	The Official Receiver was appointed the liquidator of the company on 19th December 2001.
liquidation	The liquidation of the financial inheritance of the Convention was no less difficult.
liquidity	Your average company is less liquidity constrained than your average employe.
liquidus	All mixtures whose temperature lies above the line ACB are wholly liquid, hence this line is often called the liquidus ; all mixtures at temperatures below that of the horizontal line through C are wholly solid, hence this line is sometimes called the solidus, but in more complex cases the solidus is often curved.
liquorice	Sumach, liquorice and madder are also grown in the south.
liquor	Instinct told her his threat wasn't simply the liquor talking.
lira	The minimum annual premium is six lire for an annuity of one lira per day at the age of sixty, and insurance against sickness.
lire	The Italian treasury at once honored all the papal drafts, and thus contributed a first instalment of the 3,225,000 lire per annum afterwards placed by Article 4 of the Law of Guarantees at the disposal of the Holy See.
lisp	Its voice was hoarse, and it spoke with a small lisp.
lisle	They are elected by the scrutin de lisle for a period of nine years, and one-third of the body retires every three years.
lisping	And now, my friends, please to excuse My lisping and my stammers; I, for this once, have done my best, And so--I'll make my manners.
list	Make me a list of the things we would need and I'll take you into town.
listen	Just listen to what he has to say.
listening	Is he listening to your phone call?
listenable	The band's complex, but highly listenable instrumentals are a joy to hear.
listless	He waved a listless hand in the air.
listener	I think you remember Mr. Chamberlin, the Listener in the Boston Transcript.
listeria	Listeriosis is an illness caused by the bacterium Listeria monocytogenes that is acquired by eating contaminated food.
listlessly	Rostov looked at and listened listlessly to what passed before and around him.
listlessness	Weakness, dizziness, listlessness, or fatigue may be the first signs of iron deficiency anemia.
litany	But in spite of the old man's litany of failures, Dean suspected he was holding back some­thing important.
listing	I told them they would be better off listing it in an Arkansas paper.
litchi	The number of fruit-bearing trees, shrubs and plants that have been introduced and are successfully cultivated or grow wild is much greater; among them are the mango, orange, banana, pineapple, coconut, palm, grape, fig, strawberry, litchi (Nephelium litchi) - the favourite fruit of the Chinese - avocado or alligator pear (Persea gratissi ma), Sapodilla pear (Achras sapota), loquat or mespilus plum (Eriobotrya japonica), Cape gooseberry (Physalis peruviana), tamarind (Tamarindus indica), papaw (Carica papaya), resembling in appearance the cantaloupe, granadilla (Passiflora quadrangularis) and guava (Psidium guajava).
literal	An increasing stress was laid on the literal sense of Scripture.
liter	For this game you'll need 8 to 10 two liter drink bottles, and several small pumpkins.
lite	Lightweight Swift Lite buggy for babies and growing toddlers.
literacy	The tendency is therefore clearly toward an ultimate higher literacy for females; a natural result where the two sexes enjoy equal facilities of schooling, and the females greater leisure.
literally	By blow up, do you mean literally or figuratively?
lipped	Worked Example A researcher believes that eating New Zealand green lipped mussels may have beneficial effects for people suffering from arthritis.
liquation	As quarried or mined free sulphur is always contaminated with limestone, gypsum, clay, &c.; the principle underlying its extraction from these impurities is one of simple liquation, i.e.
liqueur	This liqueur is made of fine wine, brandy and candied sugar.
liquid	There was a tall glass of clear liquid in her hand.
liquidation	The liquidation of the financial inheritance of the Convention was no less difficult.
liquefaction	The carbide is heated to complete liquefaction and tapped at short intervals.
liquefy	Faraday was first able to liquefy ammonia.
liquidate	It remained in Mantegna's studio unsold at his death, and was disposed of to liquidate debts.
liquidity	Your average company is less liquidity constrained than your average employe.
liquidator	The Official Receiver was appointed the liquidator of the company on 19th December 2001.
lips	His lips twisted into a wry smile.
liquor	Instinct told her his threat wasn't simply the liquor talking.
liquidus	All mixtures whose temperature lies above the line ACB are wholly liquid, hence this line is often called the liquidus ; all mixtures at temperatures below that of the horizontal line through C are wholly solid, hence this line is sometimes called the solidus, but in more complex cases the solidus is often curved.
lire	The Italian treasury at once honored all the papal drafts, and thus contributed a first instalment of the 3,225,000 lire per annum afterwards placed by Article 4 of the Law of Guarantees at the disposal of the Holy See.
liquorice	Sumach, liquorice and madder are also grown in the south.
lipstick	Then one day I found lipstick on his clothes.
lisp	Its voice was hoarse, and it spoke with a small lisp.
lira	The minimum annual premium is six lire for an annuity of one lira per day at the age of sixty, and insurance against sickness.
listen	Just listen to what he has to say.
list	Make me a list of the things we would need and I'll take you into town.
lisping	And now, my friends, please to excuse My lisping and my stammers; I, for this once, have done my best, And so--I'll make my manners.
listenable	The band's complex, but highly listenable instrumentals are a joy to hear.
lisle	They are elected by the scrutin de lisle for a period of nine years, and one-third of the body retires every three years.
listener	I think you remember Mr. Chamberlin, the Listener in the Boston Transcript.
listening	Is he listening to your phone call?
listeria	Listeriosis is an illness caused by the bacterium Listeria monocytogenes that is acquired by eating contaminated food.
listlessly	Rostov looked at and listened listlessly to what passed before and around him.
listing	I told them they would be better off listing it in an Arkansas paper.
listless	He waved a listless hand in the air.
literacy	The tendency is therefore clearly toward an ultimate higher literacy for females; a natural result where the two sexes enjoy equal facilities of schooling, and the females greater leisure.
liter	For this game you'll need 8 to 10 two liter drink bottles, and several small pumpkins.
lite	Lightweight Swift Lite buggy for babies and growing toddlers.
literalism	Stripped of its definitely miraculous character, the doctrine of the inner light may be regarded as the familiar mystical protest against formalism, literalism, and scripture-worship. Swedenborg, though selected by Emerson in his Representative Men as the typical mystic, belongs rather to the history of spiritualism than to that of mysticism as understood in this article.
listlessness	Weakness, dizziness, listlessness, or fatigue may be the first signs of iron deficiency anemia.
litchi	The number of fruit-bearing trees, shrubs and plants that have been introduced and are successfully cultivated or grow wild is much greater; among them are the mango, orange, banana, pineapple, coconut, palm, grape, fig, strawberry, litchi (Nephelium litchi) - the favourite fruit of the Chinese - avocado or alligator pear (Persea gratissi ma), Sapodilla pear (Achras sapota), loquat or mespilus plum (Eriobotrya japonica), Cape gooseberry (Physalis peruviana), tamarind (Tamarindus indica), papaw (Carica papaya), resembling in appearance the cantaloupe, granadilla (Passiflora quadrangularis) and guava (Psidium guajava).
literally	By blow up, do you mean literally or figuratively?
literal	An increasing stress was laid on the literal sense of Scripture.
literary	This year may be taken as the beginning of his literary activity and public life.
literalness	It was apparently an attempt to replace the literary free dom of the Philoxenian by an extreme literalness.
litharge	Oils which contain sulphur-compounds are subjected to a special process of refining in which cupric oxide or litharge is employed as a desulphurizing agent.
literature	Waller edited the Cambridge History of English Literature (1907, &c.).
lithe	He turned and mounted his horse in one lithe movement.
litany	But in spite of the old man's litany of failures, Dean suspected he was holding back some­thing important.
literate	Kids on the edge of adolescence are more and more computer literate.
lithic	The first assemblage was a lithic scatter, of Mesolithic date, from Cornhill Farm, Colter.
lithograph	Basil Beattie remembering the pleasure of learning to make a lithograph in art school in the 50's.
litho	The name of Archaeopteryx litho graphica was based by Hermann von Meyer upon a feather (Gr.irrEpv, wing) found in 1861 in the lithographic slate quarries of Solenhofen in Bavaria, the geological horizon being that of the Kimmeridge clay of the Upper Oolite or Jurassic system.
lithium	The crystal used in this experiment is lithium fluoride.
literati	Cosmopolitan as Erasmus was, to the French literati he was still the Teuton.
lithography	The art of lithography greatly affected the production of maps.
lithology	Outcrops of Corvanaghan Formation, showing lithology and structural features.
lithographic	The industries of the town include bootmaking, brewing and the production of lithographic stones.
lithosphere	The lithosphere is sometimes called Earth's skin, because it makes up its outer surface.
litmus	The free acid turns blue litmus to a claret colour.
litigation	This litigation filled the state and federal courts for many years.
litigiousness	He seems to have lacked interest in litigiousness, which was extraordinarily developed in colonial Virginia; and he saw and wished to reform the law's abuses.
lithuanian	On the contrary it served as a pretext for Ivan to interfere in Lithuanian affairs.
litigious	In addition to litigious business the courts also deal with non-litigious matters, such as the registration of titles to land, guardianship and the drawing up and custody of testamentary dispositions, all which are almost entirely within the province of the Amtsgerichie.
litterateur	Of a less severe type were Cherbuliez, the novelist; TSpffer, who spread a taste for pedestrianism among Swiss youth; Duchosal, the poet; Marc Monnier, the litterateur; not to mention the names of any persons still living, or of politicians of any date.
litter	The Mahmal, a kind of covered litter, first originated by Queen Sheger-ed-Dur, is brought into the city in procession, though not with as much pomp as when it leaves with the pilgrims. These and other processions have lost much of their effect since the extinction of the Mamelukes, and the gradual disuse of gorgeous dress for the retainers of the,, officers of state.
litre	The litre is equal to a cubic decimetre.
litigant	If the law helped a litigant to make his case, fine.
little	The little man shook his bald head.
littoral	The tea plant thrives and is being planted fairly rapidly on the Black Sea littoral in Transcaucasia.
livable	The emphasis should be on making the area livable not just creating boxes to live in.
liturgy	His literary productions consist only of a liturgy and two exceedingly interesting letters.
lituus	The insignia of office were the lituus, a staff free from knots and bent at the top, and the trabea, a kind of toga with bright scarlet stripes and a purple border.
liturgical	The walls are abundantly decorated with paintings, one of a liturgical character.
livelihood	Their rule was that they had to earn their livelihood, and must not beg.
live	I live with my mother and daughter.
lively	The lively woman was fun to be around.
liveable	Make sure it is liveable, functional and above all a place where you feel right at home.
liveliness	Pierre noticed that after every ball that hit the redoubt, and after every loss, the liveliness increased more and more.
liveried	There are also two liveried vans which will be in the areas from time to time.
lives	It's all our lives he's putting at risk.
livery	She'd rent a horse at the livery in the morning and ride out to the ranch.
livid	His face was livid, the veins standing out on his neck.
liven	Liven up your Christmas Eve celebration by adding in a few fun games.
livre	On the 23rd of December the pope ordered the publication of a decree of the Congregation of the Index, incorporating a decree of the Inquisition, condemning Loisy's Religion d'Israel, L'Evangile et l'Eglise,Etudes evangeliques, Autour d'un petit livre and Le Quatrieme Evangile.
liveryman	Various alterations were subsequently made and now the qualification of electors at the election of the corporate offices of lord mayor, sheriffs, chamberlain and minor offices in Common Hall is that of being a liveryman of a livery company and an enrolled freeman of London.
lixiviation	The methods formerly employed in reducing ores were lixiviation and amalgamation with quicksilver, but modern methods are gradually coming into use.
lizzie	Am I going to tell the world Lizzie Borden really did it?
load	Wait until Fred gets a load of this!
llano	There are numerous lagoons in the Llano districts caused by the periodical floods of the rivers, and extensive esteros and cienagas, in part due to the same causes, but these either dry up in the dry season or are greatly reduced in area.
llama	It sat at her feet and stared at the llama approaching the fence.
lizard	The brilliantly coloured red and blue lizard (Agama colonorum) is found in the coast region of eastern Liberia.
loach	It abounds in loach, and there are valuable salmon fisheries.
livestock	The principal exports are grain, livestock and fruit.
liver	Doctors came to see her singly and in consultation, talked much in French, German, and Latin, blamed one another, and prescribed a great variety of medicines for all the diseases known to them, but the simple idea never occurred to any of them that they could not know the disease Natasha was suffering from, as no disease suffered by a live man can be known, for every living person has his own peculiarities and always has his own peculiar, personal, novel, complicated disease, unknown to medicine--not a disease of the lungs, liver, skin, heart, nerves, and so on mentioned in medical books, but a disease consisting of one of the innumerable combinations of the maladies of those organs.
lo	But lo! men have become the tools of their tools.
loading	It's early morning now and the noise of the loading of the pack animals down at Ashenfelter's stables has woken me.
living	He's living his dream.
loamy	The cedar flourishes best on sandy, loamy soils.
loafer	Professionals will flock to the smart Trevor loafer, a modern slip-on style that appears much more costly than its under $50 price suggests it would be.
loaf	I have water from the spring, and a loaf of brown bread on the shelf.--Hark!
loader	They can fill the loader with toys or yard leaves dump trucks toy and transport them -- all while having a truckload of fun.
loath	Thus, most waistcoats were made of silk and men were loath to button their coats all the way, preferring to show off their waistcoats.
loaning	The pair often makes agreements based on Miley giving or loaning Lillian shoes.
loaded	These ships were loaded with corn.
loathsome	She frequently walks a dog, a loathsome animal who fails to warm to my affection.
loathe	I loathe these horrible roads, but I love the places they take you.
loathing	After her triumphal entry into Paris with the latter she soon became an object of loathing to the whole French nation.
loaves	He's got all the loaves and fishes he needs.
loam	The soil generally is a sandy loam or a strong but friable clay, and very fertile.
lob	The battle of the lob bowlers was joined again.
lobbying	By law, in Georgia, lobbying is a felony.
lobbyist	You should expect your representatives to not become a paid lobbyist when they leave office - ever!
lobby	Davis was in the lobby when she arrived.
lobelia	In Vicia and Lobelia the hairs frequently form a tuft below the stigma.
lobotomy	I simply do not believe that the experience of meeting someone who is deaf induces spontaneous lobotomy in the majority of the adult population.
loblolly	The eastern pine belt is composed of the long-leaf pine, interspersed with some loblolly.
lobed	It is usual for the umbrella to have an even, circular, uninterrupted margin; but in the order Narcomedusae secondary down-growths between the tentacles produce a lobed, indented margin to the umbrella.
lobe	The x-rays were conclusive and indicated a bad infection in the lower lobe of one lung.
loads	When crossing a desert camels are expected to carry their loads 25 m.
loca	She died at Medina del Campo on the 24th of November 1504, and was succeeded by her daughter Joanna la loca (the Crazy) and her husband, Philip of Habsburg.
lobule	From these intralobular capillaries run toward the centre of the lobule, forming a network among the polygonal hepatic cells.
lobster	Even in the closely-related lobster (Homarus) the mid-gut may be 2 or 3 in.
locale	He was convinced the locale was the same but the fields were not distinctive enough that he recognized anything.
localization	The glass industry began in Wheeling in 1821, and there a process was discovered by which in 1864 for soda ash bicarbonate of lime was substituted, and a lime glass was made which was as fine as lead glass; other factors contributing to the localization of the manufacture of glass here are the fine glass sand obtained in the state and the plentiful supply of natural gas for fuel Transportation and Commerce.
localism	Neither of the other parties is brave enough to embrace localism wholeheartedly.
locate	I told him I was just trying to locate the guy.
localisation	They all make it clear that localisation is about greater self-reliance.
locator	She checked the locator as she waited, seeking out General Greene on the compound.
localize	I am also investigating the ability of listeners to localize sounds in reverberant conditions.
local	The decision produced a local uproar.
lock	I'll get the lights and lock the door!
loci	Another work, based on the formula of Concord, was entitled Loci communes theologici.
locality	Objects produced in one locality are found in others.
lockable	A second, lockable storage compartment is housed in the rear of the leg shield.
localized	The event was afterwards localized in Babylon.
loch	Towards the middle of the island lies Loch Fada, nearly 2 m.
locker	She went to the key locker and chose one of Damian's sports cars, her instincts urging her to go somewhere, though she didn't know where.
location	Why are the time and location different?
lockout	Last year there was an oil ' strike ' in Venezuela, really a bosses ' lockout aimed at bringing down ChÃ¡vez's government.
locket	A birthstone locket makes a great gift for any occasion.
loco	In the parable of the rich man and Lazarus, Basilides saw the proof of naturam sine radice et sine loco rebus supervenientem (Acta Archelai).
locksmith	I suppose I'll have to get a locksmith if he doesn't send me the key.
locking	The memories rippled through her then coalesced, locking themselves away in the back of her mind.
locomotive	Another man says the locomotive moves because its wheels go round.
locomotion	Locomotion is effected by means of the legs, with the body fully extended.
locomotor	With very few exceptions the abdomen is without locomotor limbs.
locally	This region is locally known as the mattas (forests).
locus	The locus of these intersections is the quadratrix.
locust	There were locust plagues in 1874, 1876 and 1877.
lodge	Great place for a getaway lodge, isn't it?
locum	If there was no son capable, the state put in a locum tenens, but granted one-third to the wife to maintain herself and children.
lode	The Broken Hill lode is the largest yet discovered.
loess	The loess was created by the drifting of fine sand and dust.
lodestone	Needles were magnetized by stroking them with a lodestone, a lump of magnetic rock called magnetite.
lodger	Finally he discussed the matter with his fellow lodger.
lodgment	The parasite effects a lodgment in the host either by invading it as a free-swimming planula, or, apparently, in other cases, as a spore-embryo which is captured and swallowed as food by the host.
loft	A railing lined the loft area overlooking the formal living area on the first floor.
lofty	The surrounding mountains are lofty and rugged.
loftiness	The two works Sidgwick are alike in loftiness of outlook and in the fact that .
lodging	This is a public lodging place, remember?
logger	The work line features a style called Logger, which is a modern take on the typical work boot.
logarithm	The calculation of a logarithm can be performed by successive divisions; evolution requires special methods.
loge	This leads immediately to the simple formula loge (p/po) = (t/90t/6)L/R,.
logan	I'd passed over the story of an abandoned infant in a Logan Airport rest room.
logged	Tim confirmed she'd logged into a database from here.
logic	Her logic and her sympathy are in excellent balance.
logarithmic	The logarithmic formulae for these concentration cells indicate that theoretically their electromotive force can be increased to any extent by diminishing without limit the concentration of the more dilute solution, log c i /c 2 then becoming very great.
logging	Very few areas have been modified by logging and shifting cultivation.
loggia	Of his work some traces still remain in the richly sculptured bands built in at intervals along the 14th-century façade on the Rio, and part of the handsome larch-wood beams which formed the loggia of the piazzetta façade, still visible on the inner wall of the present loggia.
logically	If I had tried to figure it out logically, things might have fallen into place.
logician	As a logician Lotze stands among the masters.
log	The log stays with the car.
logistical	Planning a wedding can turn into a logistical nightmare.
logistics	I took a look at the logistics info you showed me.
logo	In fact, the counterfeit fashion business is a billion dollar industry partly because many buyers care more about the logo of a product than its authenticity and also because many consumers remain unaware of the source of their merchandise.
logistic	The usual practice in books seems to be to call logarithms logistic when a is 3600, and proportional when a has any other value.
login	You can get a login name by clicking on Log in at the upper right.
logical	Jennie was the logical choice.
logos	The immutability of God requires the eternity of the Logos and of the world.
logy	Religion, therefore, is earlier than theo logy.
logotype	B Do not reproduce the logotype at an angle.
loiter	We loiter in winter while it is already spring.
loin	They wear few clothes apart from a loin cloth or skirt of goat skin.
logwood	Logwood forests fringe all the lagoons and many parts of the seaboard, which are flooded during the rainy season.
lollipop	She had an oversized lollipop in her hand and her two front teeth had been colored out.
lolly	And the kids all got ice lolly 's out of it so they were happy too ROFL at the willy thing.
loll	He let his head loll from side to side, soothing his flushed cheeks on the cold metal.
lombard	It was discussed in the 12th century whether this sacrament is indelible like baptism, or whether it can be repeated; and the latter view, that of Peter Lombard, prevailed.
londoner	Some fled to the hills of Hampstead and Highgate, but Moorfields was the chief resort of the houseless Londoner.
lonely	It gets lonely out there all by myself.
loner	Byrne was a loner and super cautious.
loneliness	A wave of loneliness washed over her.
long	And I will be for a very long time.
longbow	A good strategy is to use the longbow as your main weapon.
lonesome	She gets lonesome when Jonathan is gone.
lone	A lone rider appeared on a bay.
longboat	A very comfortable and well appointed home in a super location on exclusive longboat Key.
longest	He tried for the longest time not to cry.
longe	And those that lye in a close under a hedge haue longe heare and thyck, and they will neuer pylle nor be bare; and by this reason the husbande maye kepe twyse so many catell as he did before.
longhand	Most times I do the first draft in longhand trying to capture the immediacy of the inspired moment.
longingly	He looked longingly at an apple pie fresh from the oven.
longevity	A week ago she might have pondered the longevity of their marriage.
longicorn	The elytra are equally reduced, and apparently for the same purpose, in an Australian Longicorn beetle (Esthesis ferrugineus), which, like so many wasp-like Hymenoptera, has the body banded red and black.
longitude	Treating the earth as a sphere, the meridians of longitude are all great circles.
longish	Their fur is generally long and soft, and always longish upon the cheeks.
longing	It was strange sitting beside him and longing for him to come back.
longitudinally	The prevailing winds in this region, which the sea traverses longitudinally, are westerly, but the sea itself causes the formation of bands of low barometric pressure during the winter season, within which cyclonic disturbances frequently develop, while in summer the region comes under the influence of the polar margin of the tropical high pressure belt.
longitudinal	The leaf-stalks and flowerstalks are traversed by longitudinal air-passages, whose disposition varies in different species.
loofah	Any bride would appreciate a gift basket selection filled with stress relieving items such as scented lotion, a loofah sponge and aromatherapy candle.
looker	He's quite a looker.
lookup	Messenger and integrates telephony capabilities, such as PC to phone calling, Internet call waiting, directory lookup and more.
looped	Cynthia looped the coils of the telephone cord around her finger.
loom	He invented the loom for the weaving of wire-cloth.
loose	Like a bird let loose, his horse leaped forward.
loony	Is she really a loony?
loosening	Its investigations pointed to the loosening of tribal ties and to the corresponding growth of a spirit of individual independence.
loon	This is known as the Canaanite period, succeeded about loon B.C. by the Aramaean.
longer	I could no longer hide my fear.
loopy	Add a message in a fun font, such as a loopy script or block letters.
looseness	The whole system was full of looseness, complexity and makeshifts.
loosestrife	Purple loosestrife, which bears purple flower spikes between June and August.
lop	The great central depression of the continent which reaches from the foot of the Pamir plateau on the west through the Tarim desert to Lop Nor and the Gobi has yielded up many interesting Chinese secrets.
loot	The conqueror allowed his soldiers to loot, but inflicted no permanent punishment upon the people.
loo	If 127 parts of iodine, which is an almost black solid, and loo parts of mercury, which is a white liquid metal, be intimately mixed by rubbing them together in a mortar, the two substances wholly disappear, and we obtain instead a brilliant red powder quite unlike the iodine or the mercury; almost the only property that is unchanged is the weight.
loop	She turned and captured his neck in the loop of her arms.
loosen	Then gently loosen all around it with a fork.
lope	The Spanish drama, meanwhile, untrammelled by those false canons of pseudo-classic taste which fettered the theatre in Italy and afterwards in France, rose to an eminence in the hands of Lope de Vega and Calderon which only the English, and the English only in the masterpieces of three or four playwrights, can rival.
lopping	The trainee months ago made a horrible mistake by choosing to target Ingrid, and Xander didn't think twice about lopping off his head.
loquacious	He had neither the patience nor the tact for managing loquacious parliamentary pedants.
lophophore	Its two lips fusing together at the corners of the mouth are prolonged into the socalled arms. These arms, which together form the lophophore, TV.
loosely	They should be loosely packed in dry soil or charcoal.
loquat	The loquat, an introduction from China, thrives admirably.
look	Do I look that bad?
lordosis	Many researchers advocate the use of some form of lumbar support when sitting to maintain the lumbar lordosis and prevent low back problems.
lore	It obtrudes itself in fine art, behaviour, law-making, lore and religion.
lorica	In the i 1 th century this new form of devotion was extolled by some of the most ardent reformers in the monastic houses of the west, such as Abbot Popon of Stavelot, St Dominic Loricatus (so called from his practice of wearing next his skin an iron lorica, or cuirass of thongs), and especially Cardinal Pietro Damiani.
lordship	This island gave its name to the powerful lordship of the same name.
lorry	The lorry was caught by a gust of wind and blown through a barrier at the side of the bridge.
loris	The smallest is the slender loris (Loris gracilis) of the forests of Madras and Ceylon, a creature smaller than a squirrel.
lorikeet	This rainbow lorikeet is feasting on Ficus obliqua fruits.
lory	The parrots are restricted to parrakeets, of which there are several species, and a single small lory.
lord	He is the rightful lord of this country.
loss	The sense of loss returned.
lossy	Further attentuation was achieved by using some lossy coax and a 24GHz connectorised circulator used as an isolator on the PA input.
loser	Bring the old bastard on, I'm sure he is a vote loser.
lotus	He had taken out his new Lotus Elise and gone for a joy ride first.
lothario	Jackson noticed the Lothario from the opening dressed as a vampire make a beeline toward Elisabeth.
lose	I lose some cattle every year.
lottery	I used to play the lottery too.
lotto	If you can't win the lotto, then change its rules.
losing	Worse, she was losing her grip on the magic within her.
loth	But he never left Sparkford, though the contrary has been maintained, until he resigned all his curacies in June 1783, and returned to Wales, marrying (on August loth) Sarah Jones of Bala, the orphan of a flourishing shopkeeper.
loud	Boys, we're getting a little loud here.
lost	Had he lost his mind?
louche	If you are in love with the louche, boho look of stars like Kate Hudson, Sienna Miller, and Sandra Bullock, then a Lucky Brand handbag should be one of your go-to accessories.
loudly	Her stomach grumbled loudly again.
loudness	As a result, many audiophiles have never heard music with proper loudness compensation.
louder	Actions spoke louder than words.
loudspeaker	The electro-acoustic design allows near perfect loudspeaker response in highly reverberant acoustics.
lot	Certainly she had been under a lot of stress.
loup	The town lies at the foot of an extinct volcano, the Montagne St Loup, and is built of black volcanic basalt, which gives it a gloomy appearance.
louse	The female louse lays around 6 eggs a day, firmly attached to the hair shaft close to the scalp.
loupe	Viewed under a jeweler's loupe, a real pearl will be smooth all over.
lousy	Time may be a great healer, but it's also a lousy beautician.
lounger	The beach chair lounger comes in a variety of colors and designs and allows you to lounge comfortably on a sturdy frame.
lough	Garrison, a fishing station on the wild Lough Melvin, and Pettigo, near to the lower Lough Erne, are market villages.
lounge	They both left the lounge and started down the hall toward the desk.
lout	But if we catch the lout, we'll sort the bugger out!
lounging	Keaton was lounging in the doorway, nursing a steaming cup of coffee.
lovable	Grant showed many admirable and lovable traits.
lotion	A lotion of sodium bicarbonate is useful to allay itching.
loveable	I love rabbits too - they are so fluffy and loveable.
love	I love you so much.
louver	The glass pyramid entrance is a bold, highly successful modern addition to the Louver.
loveliness	The loveliness of things taught me all their use.
louvre	The so-called Stele of the Vultures, now in the Louvre, was erected as a monument of the victory.
lovelorn	This, however, was not the lesson which was drawn from it by Goethe's contemporaries; they shed tears of sympathy over the lovelorn youth whose burden becomes too great for him to bear.
loveless	He retired to Cheshire and lived quietly with his second wife Elizabeth in a loveless marriage.
lovelace	By order of Governor Francis Lovelace it was named Sherburne in 1673, but in 1795 the present name was adopted.
lovely	You have a lovely smile.
low	His voice was low and gentle.
loved	How did you know you loved him?
lovingly	They would not awake until the sun had smiled lovingly upon them.
lovey	You might encourage a favorite toy or lovey that he can keep in his bed.
lowbrow	On the minus side, some believe it really isn't an extremely funny movie, is mean-spirited, and relies too much on lowbrow humor.
lowering	She glanced at the ring and leaned forward, lowering her voice.
lowercase	Output potential start codons are written only in lowercase letters.
lowermost	The Immortal rubbed the injection spot with a grimace, stretched, and climbed inside the ring in the lowermost basement in the castle.
lover	She's as upset as a jilted lover over Quinn's attitude and I'm afraid she's going to do something irrational.
lox	Thus the number lox in the arithmetical column corresponds to 10 8 (1.0001) x in the geometrical column; the intermediate numbers being obtained by interpolation.
loyal	She was brilliant, loyal, and sweet.
lowness	The lowness of the figures regarding women is to be noticed throughout.
loxodromic	These orthodromic distances are of course shorter than those measured along a loxodromic line, which intersects all parallels at the same angle.
loving	I never leave off loving you.
lowly	Hitherto He had not permitted any public recognition of His Messiahship, but now He entered David's city in lowly but significant pomp as David's promised heir.
lower	She bit her lower lip.
loyally	In the Civil War Ohio loyally supported the Union, furnishing 319,659 men for the army.
lowland	The Connecticut lowland is cut from 5 to 18 m.
lp	Differentiating and equating to zero, the cost is least when dC _ LP +La =o, dl = l2 P=ale=G; that is, when the cost of one pier is equal to the cost erected of the main girders of one span.
lozenge	Milk of sulphur, the confection and the lozenge, is used for this purpose.
loyalist	There was also a strong loyalist sentiment.
lsd	Even more revelatory then are the CIA and US military experiments with LSD and other hallucinogens on military and civilian test subjects.
lubber	It furnishes most of the lubber of India, Sumatra and Java.
lse	A new law, passed by both houses and confirmed by the emperor, took from the executive all power over journals, except in cases of lse majest, and nothing now remains of the former arbitrary system except that any periodical having a political complexion is required to deposit security varying from 175 to 1000 yen.
loyalty	I will decide for myself where his loyalty is.
lubricate	Once skin has been moistened, many people apply a shaving cream or foam to the surface to help lubricate and encourage an even glide.
lube	Heck nowadays you can get organic lube and even the ubiquitous ' Rabbit ' is being made from thermoplastic elastomers instead of PVC.
lubricant	Whale-oil is principally used in oiling wools for combing, in batching flax and other vegetable fibres, in currying and chamois leather-making, and as a lubricant for machinery.
lubricator	Oil the bearings and moving parts and fill the mechanical lubricator with steam oil only.
lubricity	I really like the AG shampoo, works well and is a nice safe wash with good lubricity.
luau	If your ceremony's a casual event - possibly even set up like a luau - you could opt for a palm tree or Adirondack chair atop your cake.
lowest	Whoever receives the three lowest scores on the test will have to retake it.
lubrication	For modern methods of forced lubrication see BEARINGS.
luce	Simeon Luce (chap. vi.) has shown how much the English successes in this war were due to strict business methods.
lucidity	Up to 1848 he was closely connected with politics, the theatre and the school - he was the successor to Lazar; he wrote grammars, and the introductions to his grammars are models of lucidity, combined with a wide historical view.
luckily	Luckily, they were the only ones in the lobby, so quickly obtained a room.
lucid	It was a lucid dream; half awake, half asleep.
luck	Only luck had kept her from joining her family today.
lucifer	In this sense the name is most commonly associated with the familiar phrase as proud as Lucifer.
lucidly	It deals with the Bible as the final appeal in controversy, the doctrines of God, man, sin, the Incarnation, the Resurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ, both the Son of man and the Son of God, the work of the Holy Spirit, justification by faith, the perpetual obligation of Baptism and the Lord's Supper, final judgment, the law of Christian fellowship. The same principles have been lucidly stated in the Evangelical Free Church catechism.
lucerne	Clover, lucerne and sainfoin make up the bulk of artificial pasturage, while vetches, crimson clover and cabbage are the other chief forage crops.
luckless	In 1341 the two girls left Penafiel; Costanca's marriage was celebrated in the same year, and the young infanta and her cousin went to reside at Lisbon, or at Coimbra, where Dom Pedro conceived that luckless and furious passion for Inez which has immortalized them.
lucre	Ellis has an African Gray parrot called filthy Lucre.
ludicrous	The idea was so romantically ludicrous that she giggled.
lucrative	Indigo and opium are the most lucrative crops.
luddite	The role of IT co-ordinator is shunned by staff with a Luddite tendency and often foisted onto an unwilling member.
ludo	Lego has a version of Ludo that is made with classic Lego blocks.
ludicrously	Rechargeable electric cells offer a clue, but remain ludicrously inefficient in power to weight ratios when compared to the internal combustion engine.
lucky	Just consider you got lucky tonight.
luftwaffe	The German Army used 600mm siege guns on Warsaw and the Luftwaffe bom bed the city around-the-clock.
luff	This ensures the luff cringle doesn't unhitch itself from the hook or line you have just put it on.
luggage	Alex collected their luggage and had it loaded in the car.
lug	Although there are times when you need a wallet that will carry everything from a stack of bills to your family photos, there are other times when this is just too much stuff to lug around.
lugger	His own force consisted of 15 ships-of-the-line, 2 frigates, a cutter and a lugger.
luge	The 2006 Winter Games in Torino have events such as skiing, ice skating, the luge and more.
lullaby	Singing-Whether you sit in a rocking chair or lightly pat your baby while she lies in her crib, a lullaby is the perfect ending to a busy day for you and baby.
lukewarm	He took a long shower, exhausted, before retrieving his now lukewarm dinner from the house.
lulu	Don't expect anything like the styles of Lulu Guinness' pastel pink cat eye glasses with white polka dots, but don't think that Wranglers limit you to simple black aviators, either.
lull	There was a lull in the war, and the Early years.
lugworm	Fishing the hollows scoured out by the rough seas at low tide produces superb bags of quality cod to lugworm and peeler crab baits.
lukewarmness	There was no more doubt or lukewarmness.
luminance	A third signal uses all 3 cones to produce luminance.
lumberman	The region is therefore generally unattractive to the farmer, but it is inviting to the lumberman and the miner.
luminary	All the mystic symbolism of the morning sun, especially in connexion with the doctrine of the future life, could thus be transferred to the benu, and the language of the hymns in which the Egyptians praised the luminary of dawn as he drew near 2 Some other ancient accounts may be here referred to.
lumberjack	Lumberjack Tools provides plans for a nominal fee.
lumbar	The vertebral column consists of seven cervical, eighteen dorsal, six lumbar, five sacral, and fifteen to eighteen caudal vertebrae.
lumen	Externally, the nephridium opens by a straight part of the tube, which is often very wide, and here the intracellular lumen becomes intercellular.
lumber	Among its manufactures are flour, whisky, dressed lumber and ice.
luminescence	The insect showed the phenomenon of long-lived luminescence.
luminiferous	The evidence for the existence of the luminiferous aether has accumulated as additional phenomena of light and other radiations have been discovered; and the properties of this medium, as deduced from the phenomena of light, have been found to be precisely those required to explain electromagnetic phenomena.
luminescent	Under the canopy of trees the lime green leaves seemed almost luminescent.
lumbering	Then she started out at a lumbering run toward Carmen.
luminaire	A fully addressable emergency test system is incorporated into the lighting controls, enabling every emergency luminaire to be monitored.
luminosity	This organism is quite distinct from that causing the luminosity of marine fish.
luminous	A luminous warmth seems to enfold me.
lump	The lump was back in her throat.
lumped	Peoples of Arab extraction intermixed with people of Dravidian and Persian stock are all lumped together under the name of Baluch.
luna	The Moon was first visited by the Soviet spacecraft Luna 2 in 1959.
lunatic	He's a raving lunatic out there right now.
lumpy	I'll probably choose a nice but plainish yarn (meaning nothing with a lumpy texture) and determine the recommended gauge for said yarn.
lunch	Can you hold lunch for a little bit?
lunacy	The committee of a lunatic, with the sanction of the judge in lunacy, may refer disputes to arbitration.
luncheon	To-day I took luncheon with the Freshman Class of Radcliffe.
lunation	The solar day, the solar year, and the lunar month, or lunation, may therefore be called the natural divisions of time.
lunar	Clouds drifted away from a full moon, drenching the patio with soft lunar light.
lunchtime	I had a really tasty calzone there once and it was perfect for a lunchtime fill.
lungi	This form is called amamah (Arabic), dastar (Persian), shimla or shamla, safa, lungi, sela, rumal, or dopatta.
lune	It is pleasantly situated at the junction of several small streams forming the river Lune, in a deep valley surrounded by high-lying moors.
lunged	As she watched, the fox lunged for the rabbit.
lupercalia	To Evander was attributed the introduction of Greek rites and customs into his new country; of writing, music and other arts; of the worship of Pan (called Faunus by the Italians) and the festival of Lupercalia.
lung	There is much malaria in the wooded districts of the east and on the higher campos, where the daily extremes of temperature are great, lung and bronchial diseases are common.
lupin	In contrast to transgenic pea, mice fed transgenic lupin or transgenic chickpea did not give DTH response.
lupine	The temporary includes vetches, pulse, lupine, clover and trifolium; and the perennial, meadow-trefoil, lupinella, sulla (fledysarum coronarium), lucerne and darnel.
lurcher	Although lurcher simulated coursing can be fun, it will never be able to replace the real thing.
lurid	Sensing some sort of lurid story, all five of them waited for her to speak.
lurch	The ground gave way under her foot, and with a sickening lurch of her heart, she plunged downward.
lurk	Imagine the stories that must lurk in the walls of this house.
luscious	These tiny pears are full of luscious flavor.
lure	Jackson frantically searched his mind for ways to lure him away from here.
lupus	He was called Le Gros on account of his great bulk and Lupus on account of his ferocity.
lushness	You need to decide if you want the tight rustic look of a braided rug or the lushness of a pile rug.
lurking	She leaned forward, examining the lurking figures under the surface.
lust	He never knew more than lust for her.
lustful	It was not the hard, fast, lustful connection he felt with his first mate, but a deeper connection.
luster	For many today, the captivating beauty and exquisite luster of pearls still evoke feelings of mystery and magic as the allure of these exquisite gems is as timeless as the treasures themselves.
lustration	There is also no doubt a connexion with lustration by the purifying with air.
lustreless	Chantre in 1894 picked up lustreless ware, like that of Hissarlik, in central Phrygia and at Pteria, and the English archaeological expeditions, sent subsequently into north-western Anatolia, have never failed to bring back ceramic specimens of Aegean appearance from the valleys of the Rhyndacus, Sangarius and Halys.
lush	On the other side of the thick entry door was a sitting room with lush wine colored carpet.
lustrum	Hence the name of lustrum came to denote the intercensal term, or a period of five years.
lustre	The Church added a lustre of a different kind.
lustrous	Her fur was lustrous and her nose looked like black velvet.
lusty	Lusty is a word often used to describe Mediterranean food.
lute	This Chinese lute is like a Spanish guitar in some ways, with finger nails being used to pluck the strings.
lutz	It has since been proposed to treat the Culicimorphae as a distinct family under the title Corethridae, and it is probable that with this modification Lutz's scheme will meet with general acceptance.
lutein	Lutein is the primary carotenoid located in the center of the retina, called the macula.
lutheranism	Schmalkalden, drawn up by Luther in 1536, Luther's catechisms, and the Formula of Concord which was an attempt to settle doctrinal divisions promulgated in 1580, sum up what is called the confessional theology of Lutheranism.
luthier	It seems strange to think about it, but Ibanez has been around since 1929 when a Japanese business man named Hoshino Gakki began importing Spanish guitars by luthier Salvador Ibanez.
luxuriance	The bracing weather of Canadian winters is followed by the warmth and humidity of genial summers, under which crops grow in almost tropical luxuriance, while the cool evenings and nights give the plants a robustness of quality which are not to be found in tropical regions, and also make life for the various domestic animals wholesome and comfortable.
lutheran	He was of Pennsylvania-German parentage, his name being originally Albrecht, and was educated in the Lutheran faith.
lux	Both dawns had a maximum illuminance of 275 lux.
luxuriate	Luxuriate in the comfortable window seat and enjoy a glass of wine in the evening while you watch the lights twinkle across the water.
lv	The most significant improvement in the sound was the elimination of the low burble you always get with LV disks.
luxury	Towers and temples are the luxury of princes.
luxuriantly	Indian corn grows luxuriantly everywhere, but it does not mature well in the humid regions of the Amazon region and the coast.
lycanthrope	The victim of a curse, he became a lycanthrope and was locked away in his cellar laboratory.
lycanthropy	The latter offers a cannibal-meal to the disguised God, who turns him into a wolf for his sins; and the later Arcadian ritual in honour of this God betrays a hint of lycanthropy; some one who partook of the sacrifice or who swam across a certain lake was supposed to be transformed into a wolf for a certain time.4 Robertson Smith 5 was the first to propose that we have here the traces of an ancient totemistic sacrifice of a wolf-clan, who offered the theanthropic animal the man-wolf to the wolf-God.
luxurious	The life of the ruling class was comfortable and even luxurious from early times.
luxuriously	This 4 bedroom, 3 bathroom villa has been luxuriously furnished.
luxuriant	Vegetation is generally luxuriant, and forest clothes portions of the mountain slopes.
lying	She couldn't help feeling disappointed; space looked no different than it had when she was lying on the roof of Evelyn's house.
lychee	They are delicious, the Nairac having a delicate apricot and lychee savor to it.
lyceum	There are an episcopal lyceum, a clerical seminary, a classical and a modern school, and numerous religious houses.
lycian	Lycian art was modelled on that of the Greeks.
lymph	The increased flow of lymph is due to the increased pressure in the abdominal capillaries.
lyke	And vndoubted, that hay and strawe that will find one beest in the house wyll finde two beestes in the close, and better they shall lyke.
lymphocyte	A type of B lymphocyte deficiency involves a group of disorders called selective immunoglobulin deficiency syndromes.
lymphatic	The lymphatic glands are hardly affected.
lycopodium	The leaves of the true mosses and those of the club-mosses (Lycopodium, Selaginella) being somewhat alike in general appearance and in ontogeny, might be, and indeed have been, regarded as homologous on that ground.
lyric	He also drew up select lists of epic and lyric poets.
lynch	Peeling off the mask, he waited for the world to crash down around him and people to lynch him.
lynx	Caracal.-A small lynx from India, the fur very poor, seldom imported.
lyrate	Pits are present in the forehead of the skull, and the horns are ringed for part of their length, with a compressed base; their form being often lyrate,.
lye	In the Glatz process the lye is treated with a little milk of lime, the liquid then neutralized with hydrochloric acid, and the liquid filtered.
lyrically	Up until about 2 years ago I just wanted to be the most lyrically talented emcee on the planet.
lyra	A counterattempt over against Joachim to interpret Revelation in the light of history was made by Nicolas of Lyra (1329, in his Postilla), following (?) therein the lead of Petrus Aureolus (1317).
lyricism	Her dance pours out tunes of pure lyricism, which contrast the stern fanfares of the stern, lacerating drama.
lyre	Anion's lyre and the dolphin were translated to the stars.
lyse	The Lyse Fjord, a branch of the Bukken Fjord, is a fine narrow inlet enclosed by precipitous mountains.
lyrical	In July he published his volume of lyrical poems called Underwoods.
lyrist	Its chief distinctions are that during the later Republic and earlier Empire it yielded excellent soldiers, and thus much aided the success of Caesar against Pompey and of Octavian against Antony, and that it gave Rome the poet Virgil (by origin a Celt), the historian Livy, the lyrist Catullus, Cornelius Nepos, the elder and the younger Pliny and other distinguished writers?
lyricist	Nick Cave, because he is my favorite lyricist.
lysozyme	We have used lysozyme, thaumatin (with Hg ), and glucose isomerase (with Hg ).
lysis	During normal wound healing, from three days to three weeks, a period of proliferation occurs during which collagen deposition exceeds collagen deposition exceeds collagen lysis.
lysine	Aspirin sensitivity was assessed by history together with intranasal lysine aspirin sensitivity was assessed by history together with intranasal lysine aspirin challenge.
macabre	Dean had no desire to know the macabre contents.
m	Miss M was much nettled when I told her I'd no longer dance to her music and I saw her talking about me to the man who owns this dreadful place.
lysol	Reckitt Benckiser Professional Lysol Cleaner with Bleach is a tough commercial product made to clean mildew from all surfaces including wood.
macadam	These kits are also suitable for fixing seats onto surfaces of bituminous macadam, laid on top of concrete.
macassar	The natives consist of Sumbawans proper, a people of Malayan stock; of Buginese and Macassar immigrants, and of wild tribes of the mountains of whom nothing is known.
macaroni	Our easy-going baby has turned into a finicky toddler, who will only eat macaroni and cheese for dinner.
mac	According to this myth there were three kings of the Dedannans reigning in Ireland at the coming of the Milesians, named MacColl, MacKecht and Mac Grena.
macaroon	You can also use the ganache to fill an almond macaroon if you so desire.
mace	Looking at the mace he said, What shall we do with this bauble?
macaronic	But now, owing to the frivolous studies introduced by the Jesuits, the so-called macaronic period supervened, which lasted from 1606 to 1764, and was a time of great degradation for the language and literature.
maceration	P. Moldenhawer isolated cells by maceration of tissues in water.
macaw	One is a red Macaw with a touch of blue and yellow on its feathers and the other one is a yellow breasted turquoise Macaw.
machete	The machete felt heavy in her sweating palm.
machiavellian	But this Machiavellian prince was the genuine son of St Louis.
mach	Among psychologists Helmholtz, Mach, Brentano, Hering, Delboeuf, were all more or less against him.
machicolated	The relics of the two Marks, who are said to have been buried at Saintes-Maries, are bestowed in the upper storey of the apse of the fortress-church, a remarkable building of the 12th century with crenelated and machicolated walls.
machine	No machine will be a politician.
macedonian	He had hardly restored Macedonian prestige in this quarter when he heard that Greece was aflame.
machiavelli	Mahmud's policy was the converse of that recommended by Machiavelli, viz.
machining	Typical feature sizes for laser machining range from a few microns to many hundreds of microns.
machismo	All of the men in the family tried to prove their machismo by watching football instead of helping prepare food.
machinist	I have been working here as a sewing machinist for 24 years.
macintosh	The ordinary macintosh or waterproof cloth is prepared by spreading on the textile fabric layer after layer of indiarubber paste or solution made with benzol or coal-naphtha.
mack	Mack has surrendered with his whole army.
macho	Jerome plans to climb tomorrow, so he can show everyone how much of a macho stud he is.
mackintosh	Mackintosh was soon absorbed in the question of the time; and in April 1791, after long meditation, he published his Vindiciae Gallicae, a reply to Burke's Reflections on the French Revolution.
macro	The illustration below shows the property sheet for a Draw Triangle action used as part of a sidewall core macro.
machinery	I used machinery to cut the pieces.
mackerel	There are an extensive mackerel and herring fishery, and motor engineering works.
macrobiotics	I really got a sense of the true alchemy of macrobiotics.
macrocosm	Our study on the local environment, is a microcosm of the larger world macrocosm.
macroeconomics	Those wishing to study development macroeconomics seriously will find in this book a valuable resource.
macrocytic	After 2 years, he was admitted because of macrocytic anemia.
macrophage	Because the bacteria live within macrophage cells, treatment may be difficult, and the treatment periods may vary.
macroscopic	The small value of the Planck constant allows macroscopic objects to be well localized for a considerable period of time.
macrospore	The nucellus is a cellular tissue enveloping one large cell, the embryo-sac or macrospore.
macula	It affects the macula in the center of the retina.
macular	Patients may progress to vision loss through progressive atrophy of the macular tissue.
maddening	You can only imagine how maddening it must feel to have parasites in your ears.
madam	Archbishop Blackburne, when asked by Queen Caroline whether he was still alive, answered, He is not dead, madam, but buried.
maddeningly	Of course the sad truth about happiness is that it is entrancing, desirable and maddeningly elusive.
made	This made him very proud of his skill.
madden	That gets boring after a while, like watching John Madden eat a hundred hot dogs.
madding	The Madding Crowd's collective bosom was not on display.
madder	Sumach, liquorice and madder are also grown in the south.
madeira	Newfoundland, the West Indies, and the Falklands, and the chief oceanic islands are the Azores, Madeira, the Canaries, the Cape Verde Islands, Ascension, St Helena, Tristan da Cunha and Bouvet Island.
madcap	The track eventually develops into something not too dissimilar to ' Dayvan Cowboy ', with similar madcap drumming toward the end.
madly	I tell you I am madly, madly, in love with you!
madman	He is an unfortunate madman who did not know what he was doing.
madeleine	He took a leading part in the negotiations connected with the king's marriages, first with Madeleine of France, and afterwards with Mary of Guise.
madhouse	He has set up a private madhouse of his own in York.
mademoiselle	You are coming with us, mademoiselle, he said to Traci.
madras	The district is served by lines of the Madras and the South Indian railways.
madness	I feel my madness coming.
madrigal	The Psaumes of Clement Marot (1538) were curious adaptations of Hebrew ideas to French forms of the epigram and the madrigal.
madame	I never knew any Madame Jacquot.
mad	Her dreams, however mad, were never wrong.
madam	Archbishop Blackburne, when asked by Queen Caroline whether he was still alive, answered, He is not dead, madam, but buried.
madame	I never knew any Madame Jacquot.
madder	Sumach, liquorice and madder are also grown in the south.
maddeningly	Of course the sad truth about happiness is that it is entrancing, desirable and maddeningly elusive.
made	This made him very proud of his skill.
madeleine	He took a leading part in the negotiations connected with the king's marriages, first with Madeleine of France, and afterwards with Mary of Guise.
mademoiselle	You are coming with us, mademoiselle, he said to Traci.
madhouse	He has set up a private madhouse of his own in York.
madcap	The track eventually develops into something not too dissimilar to ' Dayvan Cowboy ', with similar madcap drumming toward the end.
madness	I feel my madness coming.
madonna	An interval of five years separates the Vienna Madonna from the two fine heads of the apostles Philip and James in the Uffizi at Florence, the pair of boys' heads painted in tempera on linen in the Bibliotheque Nationale at Paris, the Madonna with the Pink at Augsburg, and the portrait of Wolgemut at Munich, all of 1516.
madras	The district is served by lines of the Madras and the South Indian railways.
maddening	You can only imagine how maddening it must feel to have parasites in your ears.
madding	The Madding Crowd's collective bosom was not on display.
madrigal	The Psaumes of Clement Marot (1538) were curious adaptations of Hebrew ideas to French forms of the epigram and the madrigal.
madly	I tell you I am madly, madly, in love with you!
madman	He is an unfortunate madman who did not know what he was doing.
maecenas	Its publication placed him in the first rank of contemporary poets, and amongst other things procured him admission to the literary circle of Maecenas.
maelstrom	Vessels of all kinds drifted aimlessly about, wrecking each other, and covering the boiling Maelstrom of the harbor with their debris.
maenad	Fans who want to watch True Blood Frenzy are looking for the eleventh episode of season two in which Bill must seek the advice of Sophie-Anne, the Vampire Queen of Louisiana about the Maenad Maryann haunting Bon Temps, Louisiana.
maestro	You got it, Maestro.
mafia	And Arthur's not smart enough to be a Mafia lawyer.
madeira	Newfoundland, the West Indies, and the Falklands, and the chief oceanic islands are the Azores, Madeira, the Canaries, the Cape Verde Islands, Ascension, St Helena, Tristan da Cunha and Bouvet Island.
madden	That gets boring after a while, like watching John Madden eat a hundred hot dogs.
magdalen	In 1498 he was made principal of Magdalen Hall, and in 1505 vice-president of Magdalen College.
magdalene	On the mount of Olives are the Russian church, tower and hospice, near the chapel of the Ascension; the French Paternoster church; the Carmelite nunnery; and the Russian church of St Mary Magdalene, near Gethsemane.
mage	He watched the mage in brown scuttle away.
magenta	The Lyson 1000 Series and 1300 Series are available in cyan, magenta, yellow, black, light cyan and light magenta.
maggot	Patriotism is a maggot in their heads.
mag	More like out of the loop It was a bold move shunning celeb mag fodder in favor of news.
magi	Gold, with myrrh and frankincense were offered by the Persian Magi to the infant Jesus at his birth; and in Revelation viii.
magian	Away in the East Cyrus had been succeeded in 529 B.C. by Cambyses, who had annexed Egypt and on whose death in 522 a Magian impostor, Gaumata, had seized the throne.
magic	I don't need magic powers to see that.
magical	If I'm not mistaken, I've got the magical power of stealth mode.
magically	Rather, he magically appeared at the Sanctuary.
magician	Jule had watched the Magician for a good half hour.
magisterial	Their jurisdictions coincide for the most part with the magisterial and fiscal boundaries.
magistracy	He was removed from the magistracy and returned to England in 1652.
magma	The magma, or molten lava in the interior of the earth, may be regarded as a mutual solution of various mineral silicates, charged with highly-heated vapour, sometimes to the extent of supersaturation.
magmas	Magmas that form island arcs are produced by the partial melting of the descending plate and/or the overlying oceanic lithosphere.
magisterium	It doubtless arose from the proposed forms for the definitions of the primacy and the pontifical magisterium.
magnanimity	No man loses ever on a lower level by magnanimity on a higher.
magnanimous	His heart was kind and his affections were strong; he was magnanimous and disinterested, simple and honest.
magistrate	He was mayor 1903; and was made a magistrate for the county of Durham.
magnesium	By heating with a small quantity of magnesium it is converted into germanious oxide, GeO.
magnet	You're like a magnet lately.
magnetical	He organised extensive magnetical and meteorological observations, and in 1839 he started regular observations of the periodical phenomena of vegetation, especially the flowering of plants.
magnetic	What I have up there is just a power source and magnetic field.
magnate	When she returned to Petersburg both the magnate and the prince were there, and both claimed their rights.
magnesian	East of Bolsover, the Coal Measures are covered uncomformably by the Permian breccias and magnesian limestone.
magnetics	He has overseen major ERDF and JIF initiatives aimed at underpinning magnetics technology transfer to industry and applied magnetics research respectively.
magnesite	The magnesite (a) serves for the generation of carbon dioxide which clears the tube of air before the compound (mixed with fine copper oxide (b)) is burned, and afterwards sweeps the liberated nitrogen into the receiving vessel (e), which contains a strong potash solution; c is coarse copper oxide; and d a reduced copper gauze spiral, heated in order to decompose any nitrogen oxides.
magnesia	One of these he says is found in magnesia, is white in colour, does not attract iron and is like pumice stone.
magnetite	Iron rust sometimes contains magnetite.
magnetism	His work was mainly concerned with electricity and magnetism, though he also made some contributions to optics and physiology.
magnetograph	A magnetograph is an instrument for continuously recording the values of the magnetic elements, the three universally chosen being the declination, the horizontal component and the vertical component.
magneto	The magneto system itself is dying out.
magnetosphere	In 1959, Dr. Van Allen discovered that the Earth has a magnetosphere.
magnetometer	Various currents are then passed through the magnetizing coil, the galvanometer readings and the simultaneous magnetometer deflections being noted.
magnetization	The induction of the magnetization may be measured by observing the force required to draw apart the two portions of a divided rod or ring when held together by their mutual attraction.
magnificent	Nothing was going to ruin this magnificent day.
magnify	Depending on the cause of the disease, as well as the types and amounts of exercise performed, some moderate exercises may benefit pulmonary hypertension, while other types of exercise may magnify its effects.
magnifier	The best way for doing so means taking a look at what you will be using the magnifier for.
magnificat	Round its top run balustrades formed of Gothic letters, which read as part of the Magnificat.
magnetron	Thin films of such a material will be deposited using magnetron sputtering.
magnification	The magnification is too small to show the zebra striping of the pearlite.
magnum	The basal line of the cranium from the lower border of the foramen magnum to the incisor border of the palate is nearly straight.
magnificence	The magnificence of the coast has inspired more than one famous painting.
magazine	He tossed the magazine aside and stood.
magnolia	All of the species of pine and of magnolia, and nearly all of the species of oak, of hickory and of spruce, indigenous to the United States, are found in North Carolina.
magpie	He calls me a chatterer, although he himself is more talkative than a magpie.
mahabharata	The Ramayana and Mahabharata afford evidence of the employment of incense by the Hindus, in the worship of the gods and the burning of the dead, from the remotest antiquity.
magnitude	If the magnitude and increasing complexity of these creations fails to impress you, the sheer quantity should suffice.
magus	Here Simon Magus was encountered.
mahayana	The Mahayana systems are the union of Buddha's teaching with the forms of the Brahman philosophy.
mahatma	It became a major weapon in Mahatma Gandhi 's struggle for Indian independence.
maharishi	Maharishi also announced that a group of Vedic pandits is now being established in India.
mahogany	Damian appeared to be waiting for him, perched on the corner of a mahogany desk with his arms crossed.
maharaja	There is a modern palace for the maharaja.
maidenhead	They have also been found in Pleistocene gravels in several parts of England, as Maidenhead, Bromley, Freshfield near Bath, Barnwood near Gloucester, and in the brick-earth of the Thames valley at Crayford, Kent; while their remains also occur in Arctic America.
maidenhair	Among Palaeozoic genera there are some which bear a close resemblance to the recent type in Geological the form of the leaves; and petrified Palaeozoic seeds, almost identical with those of the maidenhair tree, have been described from French and English localities.
maid	The maid lost her balance and toppled over.
maidservant	The whistle was answered, and a maidservant ran out.
mail	All my mail goes to a post office box.
magyar	The Magyar clergy was still a married clergy, and their connubial privileges were solemnly confirmed by the synod of Szabolcs, presided over by the king, in 1092.
maiden	The little ice maiden herself.
maim	Someone had the utter nerve to maim me who didn't even have a gun!
main	His main sin appears to be his poor timing.
mailbag	Interactive - Letters to the Editor Amiga developer boxes and Amiga Format closure covered in this months ' mailbag.
mailman	Thus, dogs become believable superheroes, pirates, chefs and their nemesis - the mailman.
maillot	Anne Cole's signature piece is the Maillot Swimsuit, a style that has proved popular with customers year after year.
mailer	See Max Mailer, Chips, i.
mailbox	A short walk up the road uncovered another mailbox.
mainframe	She'd removed her personal identifiers, hacked into the government's tracking mainframe to deactivate the implant in her brain, and changed into the black tactical uniform Elise brought her over her civilian grays.
mailing	Also if you have an acorn related announcements mailing list, feel free to subscribe ans@acornusers.org.
mainsheet	If it begins to feel dead, ease the mainsheet a fraction.
maintain	He was trying to maintain a balance between taking care of business and her happiness.
mainstay	Fishing is the occupation of the men, and the real mainstay of the inhabitants.
mainline	We also remain accessible for our members, being within easy reach of most London mainline railroad stations.
mainsail	Approximately 3.50 meters long with a mainsail, while the Pico has an option of having a jib fitted.
mainspring	The mainspring is vanity, assisted by the love of garlic and bread and butter.
maintainable	The various ' automatic ' features of the language will be covered in detail enabling the delegate to quickly develop maintainable programs.
mainland	This island is joined to the mainland of Friesland by a stone dike constructed in 1873 for the purpose of promoting the deposit of mud.
maize	Maize is the staple food of the Kaffirs.
majestic	A majestic oak, one of the finest trees in the Forest, stands near it.
maisonette	The property is a well presented ground floor maisonette which comprises of a reception hall, kitchen, double bedroom, bathroom and lounge.
mainly	He seemed mainly angry.
majestically	On seeing the Russian general he threw back his head, with its long hair curling to his shoulders, in a majestically royal manner, and looked inquiringly at the French colonel.
maintenance	The most successful feature of Crispis term of office was his strict maintenance of Order and the suppression of Radical and Irredentist agitation.
majolica	To these may be added the industrial museum, the cabinet of coins, the museum of natural history, the collection of majolica vases in the new palace, and the Wurttemberg museum of antiquities.
majesty	The people are still hoping to see Your Majesty again.
make	Drowning your sorrows in eggnog will only make you feel worse in the long run.
maker	She has worked as a documentary film maker for many years.
makeshift	This is a makeshift meal at best.
major	A major success helped raise our spirits.
making	They were making progress, though.
majuscule	Numerous other examples of early biblical majuscule exist, several of which are broadly comparable with P64.
makar	Pierre knew that Makar Alexeevich was Joseph Bazdeev's half-insane brother and a hard drinker.
malachite	In its vivid blue colour it contrasts strikingly with the emerald-green malachite, also a basic copper carbonate, but containing rather more water and less carbon dioxide.
malacostracan	The second antennae, mandibles and two pairs of maxillae may also be claimed as of malacostracan type.
maladaptive	Maladaptive behavior interferes with child's achievement of independence because the child requires more supervision and assistance in order to learn how to behave appropriately.
majority	It's also covered by the majority of Memon's army.
malady	The only mode of combating the malady seems to be to uproot the plants and burn them.
malaise	The earliest symptoms are slight gastric disorders, loss of appetite and general malaise, followed later by colicky pains, irritation of eyelids and skin eruptions.
mainstream	Unlike the mainstream parties we do not have rich financial backers.
maladjusted	Within 10 years gaming was no longer a niche hobby enjoyed by the socially maladjusted.
maladministration	The state banks, already hampered by maladministration, were encumbered by huge quantities of real estate which had been taken over as compensation for unredeemed mortgages.
malar	But though situated at a central point on Lake Malar, it was destroyed, apparently before the beginning of the nth century (exactly when or by whom is uncertain); and it never recovered.
malawi	According to a report from the Associated Press, Malawi's laws typically do not allow international adoptions and require Malawian child welfare to evaluate potential parents for up to one year.
malay	Four great intercontinental enclosed seas are included between adjacent continents - the Arctic Sea, the Central American or West Indian Sea, the Australo-Asiatic or Malay Sea and the Mediterranean Sea.
malarkey	Anyway, enough of this walking malarkey, its back to the station for hot showers and a square meal.
malaga	In 1839 he was appointed consul at Rotterdam, and in the following year transferred to Malaga, the place of origin of his mother's family.
malcontent	The malcontent nobles soon began to plan revolt.
malayan	They are skilful hunters, however, catch fish by in geniously constructed traps, and live almost entirely on jungle-roots of these people is found in Upper Perak, and the members of this clan have acquired some knowledge of the art of planting, &c. They they have been raided by the latter, and many Negritos are to be found in captivity in some of the Malayan villages on the eastern side of the peninsula.
malarial	It is believed that his disease was a malarial form of recurrent quinsy acting upon an extremely neurotic system.
malefactor	Dean tried hard to exclude Jennifer Radisson from consideration as a malefactor, although he reluctantly admitted his sole reason to pass on her as a suspect was his belief in her story.
maleness	The masculine image of contemporary queer fashion thus embodies the eroticism of maleness without the violent menace of heterosexual machismo.
malaria	Malaria increased in strength as the population diminished.
malfeasance	The government wants to draw a line under the glut of financial malfeasance.
malevolent	Now I recalled every detail of that meeting and in my mind gave him the most malevolent and bitter replies.
male	While male, this voice wasn't Gabriel's.
malformed	With the exception that the right antler is malformed and partially aborted, and that the bones of the lateral toes have been lost, the skeleton is practically complete.
malevolence	The commanders met with polite bows but with secret malevolence in their hearts.
malic	Dessaignes, who obtained it by oxidizing malic acid (Ann., 1858, 107, p. 251).
malign	If aliens were encountered, they were grotesque and probably malign.
malfunction	The worst cases are errors caused by hardware malfunction.
maliciously	Napoleon grinned maliciously and again raised his snuffbox to his nose.
malice	She recoiled inwardly at the malice in his eyes.
malignancy	This should be followed up to exclude a malignancy.
malignity	The queen sadly needed such of Wel a counsellor, for Prince Albert's position was one full of difficulty, and party malignity was continually putting wrong constructions upon the advice which he gave, and imputing to him advice which he did not give.
malformation	More convincing evidence of the absence of true regeneration, however, is the argument from malformation and the phenomenon known as pseudo-scolex.
malleable	Pig iron (including non- malleable alloys).
malicious	They are malicious gossip, greed of money, giving security, nocturnal robbery, murder, unchastity.
mallard	The ducks include the mallard, black duck, canvas-back and red-head; the Canadian goose, the snowy goose and the blue goose also appear during the migrating seasons.
malleability	Another illustration of the malleability of metal is afforded by metal spinning.
malignant	In this way they give rise to a malignant new growth.
malleableness	The oxide ores of copper would be deoxidized by the savage's wood fire even more easily than those of iron, and the resulting copper would be recognized more easily than iron, because it would be likely to melt and run together into a mass conspicuous by its bright colour and its very great malleableness.
malkin	Eichmann obviously adored the boy, who was about the same age as Malkin's nephew who died at Auschwitz.
malmsey	It was abandoned during the middle ages; its inhabitants took posession of the promontory of Minoa, turned it into an island, and built and fortified thereon the city of Monembasia, which became the most flourishing of all the towns in the Morea, and gave its name to the well-known Malmsey or Malvasia wine.
malnourished	She's malnourished and dehydrated, Wynn said.
mallet	Mallet, at the Creusot works in Bayonne.
mallow	Mallow received a charter of incorporation from James I.
malodorous	The malodorous aroma filled the room, causing people to leave.
malleus	Of these Ctenodactylus and Pectinator are characterized by the union of the incus and malleus of the internal ear, the free fibula and the almost rootless cheek-teeth.
maltese	The fisheries are in the hands of Italians, Maltese and Greeks.
malnutrition	Where the malnutrition is the effect of poorness in the quality of the blood, the results are of course more widespread.
malpractice	The Coroner said there was no reason to suspect malpractice.
malting	Its industries include quarrying and malting, and the manufacture of sugar and machinery.
maltase	That such enzymes are formed in the protoplasm is evident from the behaviour of hyphae, which have been observed to pierce cell-membranes, the chitinous coats of insects, artificial collodion films and layers of wax, &c. That a fungus can secrete more than one enzyme, according to the materials its hyphae have to attack, has been shown by the extraction of diastase, inulase, trehalase, invertase, maltase, raffinase, malizitase, emulsin, trypsin and lipase from Aspergillus by Bourquelot, and similar events occur in other fungi.
mama	Mama took it a little better.  She didn't cry.
maltreatment	The two prerequisites for this form of maltreatment are sexual arousal towards children and the willingness to act on this arousal.
mall	The mall; where's the mall from here?
maltose	Saccharomyces Marxianus will not hydrolyse maltose, but it does attack cane sugar and ferment the products of hydrolysis.
malt	Its industries include brewing and distilling and the manufacture of malt, sugar and starch.
malversation	A few years later he incurred the royal disfavour for gross malversation in the administration of public property, and failing to compromise matters with the king, fled to Germany and engaged in political intrigues with the adventurer Wilhelm von Grumbach (1503-1567) for the purpose of dethroning Frederick II.
mambo	Salsa embraces elements of rumba and mambo, Afro-Cuban jazz, Bossa Nova and Afro-American Soul or Latin Rock.
mammalian	In it various fossil mammalian remains have been found.
mammal	Many a large mammal coming to drink at its accustomed place is dragged into the water by the lurking monster.
mamma	Mamma told me to ask you to join the dancers.
mammary	Marsupials may be defined as viviparous (that is non-egglaying) mammals, in which the young are born in an imperfect condition, and almost immediately attached to the teats of the mammary glands; the latter being generally enclosed in a pouch, and the front edge of the pelvis being always furnished with epipubic or marsupial bones.
mammogram	She does, however, think a woman my age should get a mammogram every two years.
mammography	Helen receives annual follow-up appointments with the specialist nurse at the hospital, including annual mammography.
manage	How did he manage to keep everything in such good condition?
mammoth	The geographical range of the mammoth was very extensive.
mammon	His Parable of the Wicked Mammon (1528), Obedience of a Christen Man (1528), in which the two great principles of the English Reformation are set out, viz.
mammy	It's me ur yer mammy'll be tane furra mug.
manageress	Mabel worked at the laundry for 40 years, becoming manageress of the dry cleaning shop.
managerial	But they have more managerial autonomy and greater personal accountability.
manatee	For example, Tampa Electric in Tampa, Florida offers a manatee viewing area.
man	The little man shook his bald head.
manageable	Since then, however, the problem has passed into a more manageable state.
mandala	Each mandala is a prayer wheel that basically symbolizes the universe, but it also represents the heart and spiritual enlightenment of Buddha, the great teacher of eastern philosophy.
mancunian	I know nowt about the place, is there anyone who would like to show a 33 year old Mancunian the good bits?
mandamus	Ultimately the bishop of Quebec, unable to get a mandamus from the English privy council to dig him up, solemnly deconsecrated the ground down to the estimated depth of the lid of the wife's coffin.
manchu	Manchu, as has been said, is not the name of the country but of the people who inhabit it.
mandate	We will not accept this attack on our electoral mandate.
management	This left the management of the business to the other three.
mandatory	We're what I'd call mandatory friends.
mandarin	It is governed by a mandarin of the second class.
managing	His father's second wife, Elizabeth Farnese, was a managing woman, who had no affection except for her own children, and who looked upon her stepson as an obstacle to their fortunes.
manager	In his sixteenth year he entered the office of his father, who was partner and manager of a firm of engineers.
mandible	The mandible is composed of several bones as in reptiles.
mandrake	The action of the drug appears to be entirely psychic, and comparable to that of the mandrake of the Hebrews.
mandolin	Richard plays banjo, bass, mandolin, guitar or anything he can get a sound out of.
mane	The tiger has no mane, but in old males the hair on the cheeks is rather long and spreading.
mandingo	Ghana was finally conquered by the Mandingo kings of Melle in the 13th century.
mandrill	As a whole, the mandrill is characterized by heaviness of body, stoutness and strength of limb, and exceeding shortness of tail, which is a mere stump, not 2 in.
mandibular	The mandibular symphysis extends backwards at least to the fifteenth tooth.
manfully	Amid many sufferings, however, and frequent attacks of sickness, he manfully pursued his course; nor was it till his frail body, torn by many and painful diseases - fever, asthma, stone, and gout, the fruits for the most part of his sedentary habits and unceasing activity - had, as it were, fallen to pieces around him, that his indomitable spirit relinquished the conflict.
manes	The Romans, as we remarked above, distinguished between the Lemures or wandering mischievous ghosts and the Manes snugly interred and tended in the cemetery which was part of every Italian settlement.
mandrel	The mouth of the bottle is ground by a revolving iron cone, or mandrel, fed with sand and water and driven by steam.
manger	A little to the east is the huge stone monument of C. Vibius, known to the Turks as Dikelitashlar and to the Greeks as the Manger of Bucephalus.
maned	Throwing back his shaggy maned head, he gave a high whinnying cry.
manganiferous	The important manganese steels of commerce and certain nickel steels are manganiferous and niccoliferous austenite, unmagnetic and hard but ductile.
mangoes	Among the many tropical fruits found here are bananas, guavas, mangoes, cashews, breadfruit, aguacates, papayas, zapotes, granadillas, oranges, lemons and limes.
manganite	The ore generally occurs in the form of oxides, manganite and pyrolusite, and contains a high percentage of sesquioxide of manganese.
maneuver	She wasn't able to maneuver in his firm grip.
mangrove	Mangrove swamps are common on the coasts.
mangy	This was not a mangy or vicious creature standing before him, but a breathtakingly beautiful, gigantic wolf.
mangle	We had a big wooden mangle out in the back yard.
manganese	Iron, coal, copper and manganese are mined.
mangosteen	The principal fruit trees are the duri-an, mangosteen, custard-apple, pomegranate,.
mango	Coco-palms and mango trees have been planted in great numbers, and also many varieties of bananas.
mange	Ivermectin is a similar medication which treats mange, ear mites and heartworm prevention.
mangonel	The mighty mangonel is fully ballasted & fires... & breaks apart.
maniacal	Jake cleaved in two by a maniacal man with a sword.
maniac	If this other maniac Bryce could find us, so can he.
manhole	Stoppers have been put in one manhole and the other manhole filled with water.
mania	She has a perfect mania for counting.
manic	I had many manic daydreams of being a teacher who had numerous friends.
manichaean	There also existed a Manichaean book of memorabilia, and of prayers, in Greek, as well as many others,' all of which were destroyed by the Christian bishops acting in conjunction with the authorities.
manichaeism	Manichaeism, which combined the adoration of Zoroaster and Christ, became the refuge of those supporters of Mithraism who were inclined to compromise, while many found the transition to orthodox Christianity easy because of its very resemblance to their old faith.
manifestation	It was essentially the revelation or manifestation of the truth of God.
manhood	The previous years of his manhood had been spent in continual activity.
manicurist	Weedy barber joins Keep Fit campaign to impress pretty manicurist.
manicure	A nail spa may offer an express manicure lasting 15 to 20 minutes, while also offering a more indulgent manicure in which more time will be spent on tending to the client, often lasting a full 90 minutes.
manichean	Of the nine fundamental laws of that Priscillian, whose widespread heresy evoked from the synod of Saragossa (418) the canon, No one shall fast on Sunday, nor may any one absent himself from church during Lent and hold a festival of his own, appears, on the question of fasting, not to have differed from the Encratites and various other sects of Manichean tendency (c. 406).
manila	The typhoon warnings sent out from the Manila observatory annually save heavy loss of life and property.
manikin	All learners will be given the opportunity to practice their skills on a resuscitation manikin.
manifestly	Several Irish poems are ascribed to Columba, but they are manifestly compositions of a later age.
manipulative	Edith is a very manipulative woman.
manifold	The services required of landowners were very manifold in character.
manioc	It is closely related to the Manioc, cassava or tapioca plant (Manihot utilissima) which it resembles when young and exhibits a similar tuberous root system.
maniple	Over this the priest, robing for mass, puts on the amice, alb, girdle (cingulum), stole, maniple and chasuble.
manipulator	As a mind manipulator, she'd have more sensitive mental receptors.
mankind	All that may be so and mankind is ready to agree with it, but it is not what was asked.
manifest	My little pupil continues to manifest the same eagerness to learn as at first.
manipulation	Surely Alex wasn't blind to the manipulation going on with intent to keep him in Texas.
manipulate	He's the only one who knew how to manipulate them.
manitou	Bell gave to the college Manitou Park, a tract of forest land covering about 13,000 acres and situated about 20 m.
manner	Obviously he thought her manner of dress was too casual.
manifesto	The whole nation listened aghast to the manifesto.
mannerism	There is none of the mannerism of a long tradition, but a nobility pervades them which has no self-consciousness.
mannequin	What color is the hair of the center mannequin in Limited Too's right-side window?
manly	He delighted in sport and all manly exercises.
manlike	Experiment shows that in the manlike (anthropoid) apes the differentiation of the foci or centres of movement in the motor field of the cortex is even more minute.
mannered	Tammy was well mannered and required little supervision.
manna	The manna ash is a small tree found in Italy, and extending to Switzerland, South Tirol, Hungary, Greece, Turkey and Asia Minor.
manliness	He loved manliness, truth and justice.
manoeuvre	Their manoeuvre was carried out with complete success, kind of stupor and allowed his marshals to fight by themselves.
mannose	The freshly-expressed yeast juice causes concentrated solutions of cane sugar, glucose, laevulose and maltose to ferment with the production of alcohol and carbon dioxide, but not milk-sugar and mannose.
mannite	The starting point was ordinary(d)mannite (mannitol),C 6 H 14 0 61 a naturally occurring hexahydric alcohol, which only differed from a-acritol, the alcohol obtained by reducing a-acrose, with regard to optical activity.
manometer	All parts of the apparatus are open to the air, and the mercury in the manometer is adjusted so as to come to a fixed mark a.
manometric	The pipe is provided with manometric flames at its middle point, and at one-quarter and three-quarters of its length.
manservant	The manservant returned mid-morning with a letter.
mansion	An old mansion called the Priory dates in part from 1393.
mannitol	Thus the author found in some very old and fine wines very appreciable quantities of mannitol.
manpower	Retraining will be offered through local mechanisms where career aspirations change, progress is deemed to be unsatisfactory or if dictated by manpower considerations.
manse	In 1896 a new manse was built in Mill Street.
manslaughter	There was a conviction for manslaughter.
mantelpiece	He noticed that the clock on the mantelpiece said nine, meaning twenty-one.
manorial	Prutz regards the manorial system as oppressive.
mantelet	Jean Mantelet was a visionary when it came to appliances and gadgets.
mantel	The fire burned brightly beneath the mantel.
manor	The manor was granted by William I.
mantra	The words had become his mantra over the past three days.
manta	The Calypso Catamaran Cruise operates a 71-foot Catamaran Manta Raya, which has features such as an underwater viewing-window that are designed specifically to cater to cruise vacationers.
mantes	At the opening of 1354 he was sent with the cardinal of Boulogne, Pierre I., duke of Bourbon, and Jean VI., count of Vendome, to Mantes to treat with Charles the Bad, king of Navarre, who had caused the constable, Charles of Spain, to be assassinated, and from this time dates his connexion with this king.
mantissa	The logarithms to base io of the first twelve numbers to 7 places of decimals are log 1 =0.0000000 log 5 log 2 = 0.3010300 log 6 log 3 =0.477 121 3 log 7 log 4 =0.6020600 log 8 The meaning of these results is that The integral part of a logarithm is called the index or characteristic, and the fractional part the mantissa.
mantilla	The palliolum was a kind of mantilla.
mantis	A Mantis leasing program?
mantua	The kingdom is divided into 69 provinces, 284 regions, of which 197 are classed as circondarii and 87 as districts (the latter belonging to the province of Mantua and the 8 provinces of Venetia), 1806 administrative divisions (mandamenti) and 8262 communes.
manubrium	The manubrium is absent altogether in the fresh-water medusa Limnocnida, in which the diameter of the mouth exceeds half that of the umbrella; on the other hand, the manubrium may attain a great length, owing to the centre of the sub-umbrella with the stomach being drawn into it, as it were, to form a long proboscis, as in Geryonia.
manufacturing	The manufacturing interests of Nevada are unimportant.
manually	Manually reposition the kid inside the doe?
mantle	Jackson had started a fire and stood with his hands on the mantle, watching the flames.
manufactory	The Derby porcelain or china manufactory was started about 1750.
manumission	The Koran breathes a considerate and kindly spirit towards the class, and encourages manumission.
many	You ask too many questions.
manus	In his later years Manus was troubled by quarrels between his sons Calvagh and Hugh MacManus; in 1555 he was made prisoner by Calvagh, who deposed him from all authority in Tyrconnel, and he died in 1564.
manual	Manual labour was adopted at first as a means for students to defray their college expenses.
manufacturer	In the present transition stage of rubber production it is necessary for the manufacturer in Europe to wash all rubber.
maoist	In Nepal, women who were victims of violence are seeking representation in peace talks between the government and Maoist rebels.
maori	The museum contains one of the best existing collections of Maori art.
mapmaker	It is partly based on a similar map by rival Dutch mapmaker Joannes Blaeu.
manuscript	Braille is especially useful in making single manuscript copies of books.
mapping	Great progress has been made in the scientific mapping of the islands.
manure	They actually had some horse manure boxed up and ready to ship.
manufacture	The subsidiary industries, such as the manufacture of machinery and wire fabric, are of considerable importance.
maple	Massive maple trees shaded back and front.
manufactures	The woollen manufactures of Kendal have been noted since 1331, when Edward III.
maquis	The great mass of the vegetation, however, is of the low-growing type (maquis or garrigue of the western Mediterranean), with small and stiff leaves, and frequently thorny and aromatic, as for example the ilex (Quercus coccifera), Smilax, Cistus, Lentiscus, Calycotome, &c. (2) Next comes, from 1600 to 6500 ft., the mountain region, which may also be called the forest region, still exhibiting sparse woods and isolated trees wherever shelter, moisture and the inhabitants have permitted their growth.
maquette	In this tutorial, I'll explore the process I use for creating a digital maquette from a design sketch.
mapped	We've mapped about twenty possible routes to the three facilities.
marabout	It contains the kubba of a celebrated marabout, Sidi Embarek, who lived in the 7th century.
marathi	The chief of these languages are Western Hindi, Eastern Hindi, Rajasthani, Marathi, Oriya, Telugu and Dravidian dialects.
mar	Two missionpriests reside in Turkey, one at Qudshanis with Mar Shimun, the Nestorian Catholicus and Patriarch.
marabou	Tie in a large clump of black marabou on top of the hook shank behind the eye to form a wing.
marasmus	Rickets, scurvy and marasmus may be instanced as diet diseases in children.
marauding	In 1774 Sin-byu-shin was engaged in reducing the marauding tribes.
marathon	I ran a marathon for that shirt!
maraschino	Don't forget to garnish with a Maraschino cherry in the middle of the creamy top.
marbled	The general colour of the surface is dark grey above and white below, variously marbled and spotted with shades of grey.
map	He frowned at the map before him.
marauder	Why had he fought the marauder?
march	March came in like a lion with a snow storm.
marbling	The high amount of grain creates fat marbling in the meat; however it also creates health problems throughout the body of the cow.
marcasite	Marcasite is thus the less stable of the two modifications of iron disulphide.
marchesa	After her death, much against the advice of his remaining son arrd heir, Carlino (afterwards Charles Emmanuel III.), he married the Contessa di San Sebastiano, whom he created Marchesa di Spigno, abdicated the crown and retired to Chambery to end his days (1730).
marches	Vast and impenetrable forests, impassable marches and thickets, numerous lakes, swampy meadows, with cleared and dry spaces here and there occupied by villages, are the leading features of this region.
marcher	When Simon turned the native Welsh prince Llewelyn against the marcher barops, he gave great offence; he was accused of sacrificing Englishmen to a foreign enemy.
marchese	His grandfather, Gregorio Brunacci, of an ancient family of Pisa, had changed his name in order to become heir to a certain marchese di Consalvi.
marchioness	His mother married Francois de Balzac, marquis d'Entragues, and one of her daughters, Henriette, marchioness of Verneuil, afterwards became the mistress of Henry IV.
marble	It was colder than her marble floor!
mare	Carmen patted the mare on the neck.
marc	She and her husband, Marc saw to the day-to-day needs of Fairhaven.
marcel	Answering the entreaties of Marcel he returned to Paris on June 1358, and became captain-general of the city, which was soon besieged by the dauphin.
maremma	It is built along the seashore upon a healthy and fertile tract of land, which forms, as it were, an oasis in a zone of Maremma.
marconi	Marconi's earliest experiments with this apparatus were made in Italy.
marge	President Marge Carey led the tributes to the two union stalwarts.
margarine	She pulled the margarine out of the refrigerator and shut the door.
marginal	The marginal tentacles are rarely absent in non-parasitic forms, and are typically four in number, corresponding to the four perradii marked by the radial canals.
margravine	Margravine Road recalls the existence of Bradenburg House, a riverside mansion built by Sir Nicholas Crispe in the time of Charles I., used as the headquarters of General Fairfax in 1647 during the civil wars, and occupied in 1792 by the margrave of Bradenburg-Anspach and Bayreuth and his wife, and in 1820 by Caroline, consort of George IV.
marguerite	He loved Marguerite Lecomte, and taught her to engrave as well as himself.
margin	I love a broad margin to my life.
marian	Anderson's wife Marian answered on the first ring.
marijuana	The air was filled with marijuana smoke and the scent of bodies sweating as people danced, drank or huddled with friends.
marimba	They may also serve as substitute holidays, as they do for me in my own marimba in the black course kind of way.
margrave	Otto was descended from Luitpold, duke of Bavaria and margrave of Carinthia, who was killed in 907 fighting the Hungarians.
marina	In associating St Pelagia with St Marina, St Margaret, and others, of whom either the name or the legend recalls Pelagia, Hermann Usener has endeavoured to show by a series of subtle deductions that this saint is only a Christian travesty of Aphrodite.
marine	Railway and marine locomotives are not included.
marinate	Marinate chicken in the teriyaki sauce overnight or for at least four to six hours.
marinade	Serve grilled artichokes with any remaining marinade and garlic mayonnaise.
mariner	One evening, at Watchett on the British Channel, The Ancient Mariner first took shape.
maritime	This is specially the case with the maritime ports.
mark	His mark is inconsequential.
marigold	I can't grow a marigold in a pot of fertilizer and these poor things don't even have soil!
market	The market is only two blocks away.
marist	The old infirmary building is now occupied by St Joseph's College, a commercial academy of the Marist Brotherhood, in connexion with which there is a novitiate for the training of members of the order for missionary service at home or abroad.
margraviate	During this reign the work of conquering and Germanizing the Slavonic tribes east of the Elbe was seriously taken in hand under the lead of Albert the Bear and Henry the Lion, and the foundation of the margraviate of Brandenburg by Albert tended to make life and property more secure in the north-east of Germany.
marjoram	Summer arrives and the smell of fresh herbs pervades the chalk grassland as you walk through wild thyme, marjoram and wild basil.
marketability	Because star power and marketability plays into forecasted sales, timing has a lot to do with it.
marketing	I help them with marketing, which was my major until I quit school.
marital	Being bossed around isn't my idea of marital bliss.
markedly	In general, a compound has properties markedly different from those of the elements of which it is composed.
marker	I took back the marker of my family and buried it at their obelisk.
marksman	Mr Robinson ran his car into a bus queue and was shot by a police marksman.
marketable	If there be none the tenant is bound and entitled to deliver fair marketable grain of the same kind.
markup	You can sell the bricks for a significant markup.
marksmanship	Being self-taught in rifle marksmanship is rather like being self-taught on the piano.
marl	Marine fossils are very abundant in the marl.
marlin	To understand the techniques it is necessary to know ho the sail fish or marlin takes its prey.
marmite	I eat marmite every day, often straight out of the jar.
marmoset	The first class includes the isabelline bear, badger, pole-cat, ermine, roe and fallow deer, wild ass, Syrian squirrel, pouched marmoset, gerbill and leopard.
marmalade	Jam and Marmalade and Rhythm and Police are two of the funkiest.
marquee	This special event will be held in a luxury marquee.
marked	What marked the change?
maronite	Increase of wealth and the influence of returned emigrants tend to soften Maronite character, and the last remnants of the barbarous state of the community - even the obstinate blood-feud - are disappearing.
marmot	The chamois, bouquetin and marmot are found only in the Alps, not at all in the Apennines.
marque	The marque ownership shift didn't stop there.
marking	Eden studied him then faced the dome marking the Grey God's palace.
maroon	The carpet was a deep maroon, soft and cushy, the walls around her brown.
marquess	After the death of her brother William Parr, marquess of Northampton, his share of the barony called Marquis Fee reverted to Queen Elizabeth.
marquesses	Besides many hundreds of princes, dukes, marquesses, counts, barons and viscounts, there are a large number of persons of patrician rank, persons with a right to the designation nobile or signor-i, and certain hereditary knights or cavalieri.
marriage	Would he think she was pressuring him into marriage now?
marquisate	The title of giudice was abolished and a feudal marquisate substituted.
married	He married and decided to stay there.
marquetry	Some may even have the benefit of an unusual design, or contain some fine inlaid marquetry.
marriageable	The marriage rates in quinquennial periods up to 1905 were 19.6, 18.6, 21.0, 19.8, 15.6, 18.6, 18.6, 18.6, 17.4 and 17.4; the ratio of marriages to the marriageable population was for males (above 16 years) 61.5, for females (above 14) 46.0; the fecundity of marriages seemed to have increased, being about twice as high for foreigners as for natives.
marram	Ammophila arundinacea (or Psamma arenaria) (Marram grass) with its long creeping stems forms a useful sand-binder on the coasts of Europe, North Africa and the Atlantic states of America.
marquise	If the English visit may be regarded as having finished 1 Gabrielle Emilie Le Tonnelier de Breteuil, marquise du Chatelet (1706-1749), was the daughter of the baron de Breteuil, and married the marquis du Chatelet-Lomont in 1725.
marquises	The hierarchy of dukes and marquises and counts consisted of foreign soldiers imposed on.
marsala	Assured by Sir James Hudson of the sympathy of England, he began active preparations for the expedition to Marsala.
mars	In much the same manner Mars takes on in addition to his agricultural character the functions of war-god, which in time completely superseded the earlier idea.
marshland	The surface is generally flat, and there is much marshland in its southern part, and along its north-eastern shore.
marseillaise	The song which has immortalized him the Marseillaise, was composed at Strassburg, where Rouget de Lisle was quartered in April 1792.
marshmallow	Linseed, quince seed and marshmallow root yield it in large quantity.
marsh	Kyaukpyu contains numerous mud volcanoes, from which marsh gas is frequently discharged, with occasional issue of flame.
marquis	In 1672, having finished his philosophy course, he was given a scholarship at the college of St Michel at Paris by Jean, marquis de Pompadour, lieutenant-general of the Limousin.
mart	We learn that at this time it was the great mart of slaves.
marrow	This call is immediately answered by an active proliferation and steady maturing of the myclocytes in the marrow to form the polymorpho-nuclear leucocytes.
marry	You cannot marry into a higher rung on the ladder.
marsupium	In particular the Schizopods of the family Mysidae, which are abundant in the sea round our coasts, are often called Opossumshrimps from the fact that the female is provided with a ventral pouch or marsupium in which the eggs and young are carried.
marsupial	Marsupial bones unossified.
marten	Though a place of considerable antiquity - being mentioned in 1086 as the meeting-place of insurgents against Knud, the saint - Randers has few remains of old buildings and bears the stamp of a compact, modern manufacturing town that owes its importance to its distilleries, manufactories of gloves, railway carriages, &c. St Marten's church dates from the 14th century, but was frequently altered and enlarged down to 1870.
marshy	The climate, except in the marshy parts, is generally healthy.
martensite	Austenite may contain carbon in any proportion up to about 2.2 It is non-magnetic, and, when preserved in the cold either by quenching or by the presence of manganese, nickel, &c., it has a very remarkable combination of great malleability with very marked hardness, though it is less hard than common carbon steel is when hardened, and probably less hard than martensite.
martinet	I don't know where he is, you interfering martinet.
martian	Their findings cast grave doubts on the possibility of Martian life.
martinmas	Agricultural leases usually contain special provisions as to the order of cropping, the proper stocking of the farm, and the rights of the incoming and outgoing tenant with regard to the waygoing crop. Where the rent is in money, it is generally payable at Whitsunday and Martinmas - the two legal terms.
marshal	Succeeding his father in 1524, Norfolk was created earl marshal in 1533.
martyrdom	The Martyrdom had been previously edited by Assemani and by Bedjan.
martyr	John Penry, the Puritan martyr, was born at Cefn-brith in this parish.
marvel	Hannah was happy to marvel over her surroundings.
martini	Just pretend it's a really dry martini.
marvelous	Heaven is a perfectly marvelous place.
marvellously	He was a marvellously prolific writer.
martyrology	Martyrology was the most popular literature in the early Church.
martial	Martial law was proclaimed.
marvelously	They say Semenova acts marvelously.
marxian	In 1876 he returned to France to become one of the chief French apostles of Marxian collectivism, and was imprisoned for six months in 1878 for taking part in the first Parisian International Congress.
marxism	They were, of course, opposed to Marxism and Communism.
marxist	His influence with the extreme Socialists had already declined, for it was said that his departure from the true Marxist tradition had disintegrated the party.
marvellous	The valleys form a marvellous contrast to the surrounding desert.
marzipan	Cream cheese, buttercream, marzipan, and flavored frostings are big hits.
masculinity	In Wicca, the Horned God represents strength, masculinity and virility.
maser	The village of Maser is 42 m.
mascot	Back to top How do I become a mascot?
mash	Mash the egg yolks and crushed garlic clove and place in a screw top jam jar.
masher	On its own, it's a fairly generic and very repetitive button masher.
masking	He studied her face intently, masking any emotion.
masker	Performance in the high condition was better with a synchronous than with an asynchronous masker.
masochism	The motivation is likened to sexual masochism, and hypnosis serves to elaborate and maintain the false memories.
martin	I suspect the new Mrs. Martin passed on sometime a year or so later, after the last letter.
masculine	His features were masculine and strong.
masonic	Among institutions are the Battersea Polytechnic, the Royal Masonic Institution for girls, founded in 1788, and Church of England and Wesleyan Training Colleges.
masked	She glanced up to find him watching her with masked emotion.
masquerade	She dyed her hair pink to masquerade her grey strands.
mascara	Deidre wiped her eyes and saw the mascara smeared on her fingers.
mask	His face was a mask of fright.
masque	I was to be Ceres in a kind of masque given by the blind girls.
mason	The Mason cleared his throat huskily, as old men do, and called his servant.
masseuse	Alternatively, women can pay a professionally trained masseuse or aromatherapist.
masseur	In an ideal world we would all have out own masseur.
massager	Your partner will love the sensual feel of the firm jelly dong, you`ll love the secret buzz delivered from the micro massager.
massicot	It is manufactured in two forms, known as massicot and litharge.
masonry	Without sharing Montalembert's antipathy to the bastioned trace, and his predilection for high masonry caponiers, he followed out the principle of retarding the development of the attack, and provided for the most active defence.
massif	The apex is occupied by a massif of crystalline rocks.
massiveness	Laplace nowhere displayed the massiveness of his genius more conspicuously than in the theory of probabilities.
massacre	Memories of the massacre made bile rise and her chest clench.
massively	The set of possible people allowed by our DNA massively outnumbers the set of actual people.
masted	Only yesterday I looked out the window and saw a four masted square rigger anchored in the bay.
mastectomy	Mary, 73, underwent a mastectomy 23 years ago only for her cancer to return two years later.
massive	Massive maple trees shaded back and front.
mast	The telescopic mast consists of 8 tubes.
masterful	She was a woman of a masterful character and won great influence.
masterpiece	His masterpiece is a collection of short stories, called The Spinning Room.
mastermind	It takes a real mastermind to be able to do that, she said.
masterless	As a result, the Lord`s retainers become ronin, masterless samurai.
masterly	He showed extraordinary energy, resource and military talent in stemming the advance of the royalists, who now followed up their victories by advancing into the association; he defeated them at Gainsborough on the 28th of July, and managed a masterly retreat before overwhelming numbers to Lincoln, while the victory on the 11th of October at Winceby finally secured the association, and maintained the wedge which prevented the junction of the royalists in the north with the king in the south.
masterwork	A lost masterwork from the legendary director of Andrei Rublev, Solaris, and The Mirror.
mastery	I am surprised at the mastery of language which your letter shows.
masterfully	The lyrics are masterfully crafted around a funky beat and a tempo that is entirely apt.
masticate	The common manner of using it is to masticate the dried leaves with a little lime.
master	Born to betray any master he served.
masthead	He remained on the masthead as editor until 1961.
mastership	The first recorded headmaster after the foundation of the college, John Melton, had been presented by Wykeham to the mastership of this hospital in 1393 shortly before his retirement.
massage	I wouldn't mind a little massage therapy, if you know what I mean.
mastic	The chief productions are wheat, wine, oil, mastic, figs, raisins, honey, wax, cotton and silk.
mass	There grew up a mass of controversial matter which it is amusing to read now.
mastication	In the region of the mouth the basal segments were armed with teeth and subserved the purpose of mastication.
mastiff	The pugdog is a dwarf race, probably of mastiff origin, and kept solely as a pet.
masturbate	It is not abnormal or excessive unless it is deliberately done in public places after age five or six, when most children learn discretion and masturbate only in private.
mastodon	Specialized species like Mastodon americanus have completely lost the rudimentary premolars.
masticatory	Stomach generally provided with chitinous or calcified masticatory plates.
masterstroke	Their masterstroke was the Concordat of 1516, which meant an immense stride in the path towards absolutism.
match	As a rule, a match consists of 21 points, or 21 ends (or a few more, by agreement).
mastitis	In case of mastitis, a cow will normally be administered an antibiotic.
mastoiditis	Infection of the mastoid air cells is called mastoid air cells is called mastoiditis.
mastoid	They have long hind limbs, large eyes and ears; and in correlation with the latter an enlarged auditory bulla to the skull, which is hollow and divided into a tympanic and a mastoid portion.
masturbation	Masturbation can also be particularly useful in relationships in which one partner wants more sexual activity than the other, in which case masturbation provides a balancing effect.
matador	He gored the matador and he beat 15 men.
matchstick	The results of the pose estimation were displayed using an extended matchstick model in MAVERIK.
matchmaker	You're trying to play matchmaker again, aren't you?
matchmaking	While these specifically target Christians, there are also many mainstream online dating websites that allow you to specify only Christians in your profile or matchmaking questionnaires.
matchless	The tints and hues of some of the pools are of matchless beauty.
material	All scientific material from the past is making its way online.
materialistic	All these materialistic tendencies seem to have one explanation.
mat	The sound of squishing drew her attention to the bath mat next to the tub.
materialist	He has often been called the Voltaire of the East, and cried down as materialist and atheist.
materiality	Yet it has a certain materiality, and consequently has necessities.
materialize	Some experts believe that these anomalies are proof of a spirit's attempt to materialize.
materialism	Metaphysical materialism is the view that everything known is body or matter; but while according to ancient materialists soul is only another body, according to modern materialists mind without soul is only an attribute or function of body.
math	The math works the same over time.
materiel	The naval prefect is assisted by a rearadmiral as chief of the staff (except at Lorient and Rochefort, where the office is filled by a captain), and a certain number of other officers, the special functions of the chief of the staff having relation principally to the efficien.cy and personnel of the fleet, while the major-general, who is usually a rear-admiral, is concerned chiefly with the materiel.
matched	Both had matched missing buttons on their worn winter coats.
matey	Not for you it didn't, little matey.
maternal	Regardless of how irresponsible the woman was, she presumably possessed natural maternal instincts for her child.
mathematician	Tobit ben Korra (836-901), born at Harran in Mesopotamia, an accomplished linguist, mathematician and astronomer, rendered conspicuous service by his translations of various Greek authors.
materially	More effective ventilation will materially lessen the deathrate.
mate	She's your mate and my sister.
matinee	To save a couple of dollars, try going to a matinee showing.
matins	In the morning having said Matins, they went to the church (for Mass)..
maths	I 'm doing a PhD in geophysics after 3 years undergrad maths and 1 year 's masters (in geophysical applied maths).
matriarchal	The Social or matriarchal took precedence of the Local or patriarchal organization.
maternity	Didn't you realize you would have to buy some maternity clothes?
matriarch	Ma Reynolds - Mums, was the undisputed matriarch of the Reynolds family, and she made it clear that Lori would be treated with respect.
mathematical	Space-time in simple terms is a mathematical model that combines space and time into a single continuum.
matrices	Matrices of steel and iron were made at a later time in the 16th and 17th centuries.
matriarchy	Some tribes were endogamic, and there matriarchy was the rule, descent being traced through the female line.
mathematics	You will be glad to hear that I enjoy Mathematics now.
matrimony	Which made three times you were broaching the subject of matrimony and I thwarted your attempts.
matrimonial	It was chiefly in the way of matrimonial alliances that it was brought into contact with other states.
matriculation	In 1991, only 7% of Ethiopian immigrants received their high school matriculation certificates.
matron	His wife is an assistant matron in a boarding house.
matter	As a matter of fact, I think we're on completely different planets.
matronly	Dean asked, drawing a smile from the matronly jailer.
matrix	A matrix of wood or iron is covered with successive layers of papers, pasted together so as to form pasteboard.
mattock	Working with a mattock and shovel, she began digging a hole.
matting	Sometimes, however, it was of matting or was seated with leather, or it would take the form of a narrow fringed girdle resembling that of many African tribes.
maturity	The kids are born small, but grow fast, and arrive early at maturity.
matte	As the matte contains on an average o.
maturation	The main products formed are, as in all cases of Constitution of Grape Juice at Various Periods of Maturation.
maty	Specially devoted to English literature were the Bibliotheque anglaise (1716-1728), the Memoires litteraires de la Grande Bretagne (1720-1724), the Bibliotheque britannique (1733-1734), and the Journal britannique (1750-1757) of Maty,' who took for his principle, pour penser avec liberte it faut penser seul.
maudlin	You didn't invite me out here to listen to my maudlin rambling.
mauser	The equipment of the standing army is thoroughly modern, the infantry being provided with Mauser rifles and the artillery with Krupp batteries.
maturely	The maturely dissected and recently glaciated uplands of New England are now somewhat depressed with respect to sea-level, so that the sea enters the valleys, forming bays and estuaries, while the interfiuve uplands and hills stand forth in headlands and islands.
maverick	He is an excellent writer and maverick scientist too.
maunder	Maunder's argument to this effect is unanswerable.'
mausoleum	It is a handsome mausoleum faced with blue and white glazed tiles, standing under the shade of some magnificent silver poplars.
mature	He's a mature male.
mawkish	It was sentimental, moving, yet not mawkish.
maul	No matter how hard she swung, the whip never managed to do more than maul the grass.
mauve	The flowers are pure white or pale mauve.
maw	It is true, a breeze comes from the cave 's maw, its odor organic but not the stench of decay.
mavis	Gabbro occurs in the peninsula of Fethland; diorite in Northmavine between Rinas Voe and Mavis Grind; and epidote-syenite in Dunrossness.
maxilla	C. Borner has stated that the unpaired piercer is attached directly to the base of the left maxilla.
mattress	The tablet that she tucked under her mattress at night contained all sorts of conclusions at the end of that trail.
maxim	Maxim, like Langley, employed a staff of highly skilled workmen.
maxi	A maxi dress is great paired with flip-flops or flat sandals.
maxima	In most cases two distinct maxima and minima occur in the 24 hours.
max	Winge, and endorsed by Professor Max Weber, is also taken to include the koala.
maximum	She came to her feet, stretching her body to its maximum height.
maxillary	The maxillary palps have usually three, the labial either two or four segments.
maximal	A value of stimulus, however, is soon reached which evokes a maximal contraction.
may	May we come in?
maya	Maya architecture is the best remaining index of the art achievements of the American race.
maxillae	Hinds believe that the paired piercers are the inner lobes of the maxillae, and the unpaired piercer the left mandible, the right mandible being absent.
maybe	Maybe he should see a doctor.
maximin	There is no reason to doubt that some such visit was made about the year 315, when the death of Maximin Daza left Constantine supreme.
mayfly	People who know about these things tell me that the Windrush has just seen the best mayfly hatch for a quarter of a century.
mayan	It is significant that Mayan civilization cannot be traced in any other part of Nicaragua or Costa Rica.
maximize	Are you able to maximize the use of this ability?
maxis	A formula was found by Bynkershoek in his De dominio maxis (1702) for the restriction of dominion over the sea to the actual distance to which cannon range could protect it.
mayday	We've heard mayday calls from several of them.
mayflower	I did see the rock in Plymouth and a little ship like the Mayflower and the cradle that dear little Peregrine slept in and many old things that came in the Mayflower.
mayoralty	After 1615, the date of the pageant prepared for the mayoralty of Sir John Jolles, draper, by Anthony Munday and entitled Metropolis Coronata, a peer was imported into it, and the yeoman of the older version was metamorphosed into the earl of Huntingdon, for whom in the following century William Stukeley discovered a satisfactory pedigree!
mayonnaise	There is a good portion of tuna mayonnaise in this sandwich.
maypole	Endecott experienced some trouble with the previous settlers and with Thomas Morton's settlement at Merry Mount (Mount Wollaston, now Quincy), where, in accordance with his strict Puritanical tenets, he cut down the maypole and dispersed the merry makers.
mayhem	Someone broke into this house of one of my targets and some sort of mayhem followed.
maxwell	From 1879 to 1884 he was Cavendish professor of experimental physics in the university of Cambridge, in succession to Clerk Maxwell; and in 1887 he accepted the post of professor of natural philosophy at the Royal Institution of Great Britain, which he resigned in 1905.
mayoral	Now the party is to broaden the base of voters who will choose the Tory challenger in the London mayoral election.
maze	Life was simply a maze of possibilities waiting on decisions.
mazut	The refined oil is exported as kerosene or petroleum, the heavier refuse (mazut) is used as fuel.
mazurka	The band struck up the newly introduced mazurka.
mbe	The choir performs major choral works twice a year under conductor Stephen Rhys, MBE.
mba	If you are interested in obtaining your MBA, then online MBA university ratings will definitely be of interest to you.
mb	The memory for that computer cost me $40 per MB, just under $200.
me	Just give me a minute.
mc	Roisin Conaty had the difficult task of being both MC and delivering her stage act, which resulted in a rather over-the-top delivery.
meadow	No man could cross the meadow and stay alive.
mci	Online powered by MCI Internet allows users to fully personalize their Yahoo!
mda	Millennium Dental Associates (MDA), located in Scottsdale, Arizona, offers patients a holistic approach to dentistry and oral health.
md	She is currently based at Great Ormond Street Hospital where she is doing an MD on vascular calcification in children with end-stage renal disease.
meadowland	To the south attractive meadowland belonging to Broadlands is a visual amenity appreciated by residents.
mead	The honey was used both in cooking and for making mead, as well as for eating.
meal	This is a fine meal, do you think?
meager	Dean kept quiet about his meager half-breakfast.
meadowsweet	Damper areas support species such as meadowsweet, ragged robin, water avens, lady's mantle and meadow fescue.
meagre	Dietaries differed, here too ample, there meagre to starvation.
mean	I didn't mean to scare you.
meander	Imaginext toys promote imagination by creating toys that inspire children’s minds to meander through mythical times and scenarios.
meaningful	She didn't have enough to do... not meaningful work, anyway.
mealy	It has been found sporadically near the Aleutian Islands, between the Philippines and Marianne Islands and to the south of the Galapagos group. It is made up to a large extent of the siliceous frustules of diatoms. It is usually yellowish-grey and often straw-coloured when wet, though when dried it becomes white and mealy.
mealtime	Once again mealtime was silent.
meagreness	Owing to the meagreness of their food these animals are usually thin and small, but are quickly restored when placed on richer grounds.
meanie	Shipton was a meanie.
meant	I never meant to make you feel that way.
meanly	Still we live meanly, like ants; though the fable tells us that we were long ago changed into men; like pygmies we fight with cranes; it is error upon error, and clout upon clout, and our best virtue has for its occasion a superfluous and evitable wretchedness.
meanness	We never learned meanness of them.
meaningless	We had no idea it was anything but meaningless scribbles.
measly	And for a measly $15 a month, you couldn't ask for a better deal.
mayor	I'm mayor now, until we get around to having an election.
measurable	Neither criterion is a guarantee that the star shall have a measurable parallax.
meaning	She says He (meaning God) is my dear father.
measles	A terrible epidemic of measles in that year swept away 40,000, or about one-third of the Fijians.
means	He means, we're in no rush.
meanwhile	Meanwhile, Alex and Carmen signed the papers to adopt Jonathan.
measurer	By thus controlling and partially eliminating the aggregate gas-effect, they succeeded in making a small radiometer, horizontally suspended, into a delicate and reliable measurer of the intensity of the radiation incident on it.
meatball	She creates her own specialty menu with such delights as Persian lamb meatball, bulgar wheat pilaff and Middle Eastern salad and flat bread.
meatless	He instituted wheatless days and meatless days, and urged the avoidance of all waste.
meatus	As a rule the meatus is the narrowest part of the whole canal.
meaty	She paused to rub her face hard with the meaty parts of her hands.
measure	It took too much effort to look up at the sun to measure time.
measured	You're supposed to go down to be measured in the morning.
meat	His bread and meat are sweet.
mechanics	In mechanics, the amplitude of a wave is the maximum ordinate.
meantime	In the meantime, Thanksgiving was coming up - and then Christmas.
mechanic	The College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts became a department of the university in 1870.
mechanism	The first mechanism is the creation of things, an old and familiar approach.
mechanistic	The mechanistic paradigm has failed the reality test in life.
mechanically	He moved mechanically out of the single large kitchen in the underground lair.
mechanician	This author, distinguished alike as a physiologist, mathematician and mechanician, describes and figures a bird with artificial wings, each of which consists of a rigid rod in front and flexible feathers behind.
mechanization	Mechanization and automation—both of which are about to get a lot better.
medalist	The couple divorced in 1989, and Houghton married Olympic gold medalist Bruce Jenner.
meconium	It was impossible to say when the meconium aspiration took place.
mechanical	The advances were not merely mechanical but chemical as well.
meddle	He's very young to come to meddle with us.
mecca	The earliest mosque erected was that at Mecca, which consisted of a great court, in the centre of which was the Ka`ba or Holy Stone.
med	Where's the med station?
measurement	The Measurement of Areas is easily effected if the map at our disposal is drawn on an equal area projection.
medallist	Relations came to his aid, and presently his anxieties were relieved by Francis Martin, bursar of Trinity, who gave him liberal help. Benson took his degree in 1852 as a senior optime, eighth classic and senior chancellor's medallist, and was elected fellow of Trinity in the following year.
medal	A gold medal was awarded for a harvester and self-binder (McCormick's).
meddling	Meaning, if I can't take care of my own stable, I shouldn't be meddling in yours?
mede	Thus the pseudo-Democritus, who was reputed the author of the Physica et Mystica, which itself concludes each of its receipts with a magical formula, was believed to have travelled in Chaldaea, and to have had as his master Ostanes l the Mede, a name mentioned several times in the Leiden papyrus, and often by early Christian writers such as Tertullian, St Cyprian and St Augustine.
mediaeval	There is evidence that, towards the close of the mediaeval period, great storms and tidal inundations occurred on the shores of the North Sea and Baltic, and in the course of these floods, culminating in 1297, the Zuider Zee was formed from a lake that existed in its neighbourhood, by the breaking down of dykes.
medallion	Jenn leaned against the sink counter, one hand taking the worn, ancient medallion around her neck.
meddlesome	Not only that, but she appeared as Lwaxana Troi, ?the unpredictable and meddlesome mother of Counselor Troi in TNG.
medial	The longitudinal system is discontinuous, and is subdivided into proximal, medial and distal portions.
mediastinal	This study was undertaken to evaluate the need for neck and mediastinal lymph node dissection when dealing with carcinomas of this region.
mediate	The governor exhorted the townsmen to come to terms and offered to mediate; but they resolved to abide the contest.
mediastinum	There is a small soft tissue density closely applied to the upper mediastinum on the right, in the superior sulcus.
medic	When they were too high for lasers to reach them, he sat and pulled out his medic bag.
mediation	In these cases mediation averted war.
mediator	He was employed by his brother as a mediator with Philip the Fair in 1293-1294.
median	The four sepals are arranged symmetrically, an outer median and an inner lateral pair.
medicate	It can be an anxious moment the first time you have to medicate a dog.
medicine	Medicine isn't an exact science.
media	All forms of online media are exploding in a similar fashion.
medieval	It was like a prisoner's cell in some medieval castle.
mediocre	In spite of being a mediocre athlete at best, Dean had thrived on sports.
medievalist	Douglas is in all important respects even more of a medievalist than his contemporaries; and, like Henryson and Dunbar, strictly a member of the allegorical school and a follower, in the most generous way, of Chaucer's art.
medicare	The home health agency caring for you must be certified by the Medicare program.
meditation	After long study and meditation, Ammonius opened a school of philosophy in Alexandria.
medievalism	Thus, at the very time when the modernization of the means of national defence had become the first principle, in every other part of Europe, of the strongly centralized monarchies which were rising on the ruins of feudalism, the Hungarian magnates deliberately plunged their country back into the chaos of medievalism.
meditate	His omission to do so gave the country time to meditate on the consequences of his policy.
mediocrity	While some reality show cast members have gone on to achieve fame, others have fallen into mediocrity.
medicinal	Ginseng is an important medicinal plant.
meditative	They carry us towards the ultimate mysteries which attract meditative minds.
meditator	When the meditator realizes selflessness, she loses her self-centered attitude and attachment to herself.
medical	I spent the day at the medical facility.
mediums	I work with quite a few different mediums to create my art, including digital, Copic markers, acrylic, and watercolors.
medley	After the Turks were driven from the city in 1878, it was in many respects modernized; but something of its former character is preserved in the ancient Turkish palace, mosque and fountain, the maze of winding alleys and picturesque houses in the older quarters, and, on market days, by the medley of peasant costumes - Bulgarian, Albanian and Rumanian, as well as Servian.
medlar	Of native fruits the misple (Vangueria infausta), miscalled the wild medlar, is of excellent flavour.
medulla	In the majority of ferns, at a higher level, after the stele has increased greatly in diameter, a large-celled true pith or medulla, resembling the cortex in its characters, and quite distinct from conjunctive, from which it is separated by an internal endodernlis, appears in the centre.
medusae	To establish the exact relationship it is necessary not only to breed but to rear the medusa, which cannot always be done in 1 In some cases hydroids have been reared in aquaria from ova of medusae, but these hydroids have not yet been found in the sea (Browne [Io a]).
medication	My medication contributed to my comfort if not my state of mind.
meek	For sole reply Daniel gave him a shy, childlike, meek, and amiable smile.
medusoid	Polyp 7 has proof sense, 1 o c oduced as its first bud, 8; as its second bud, a7, motion and nutriwhich starts a uniserial pinnule; and as a third t i on, until its bud I', which starts a biserial branch (I I'-VI') medusoid nature that repeats the structure of the main stem and and organization gives off pinnules.
medusan	Cladonema still has the typical medusan structure, and is able to swim about, but in Clavatella the umbrella is so much reduced that swimming is no longer possible.
meekly	Sarah abruptly stopped talking and smiled meekly.
medullary	By a simple modification, the open pit becomes a solid ectodermal ingrowth, just as in Teleostean fishes the hollow medullary tube, or the auditory pit of other vertebrate embryos, is formed at first as a solid cord of cells, which acquires a cavity secondarily.
meed	Here, too, he has scarcely received his meed of appreciation.
medusa	The endoderm of the medusa shows the same general types of structure as in the polyp, described above.
medium	Wine of medium quality is grown on the banks of the Marne and the Aisne.
mediterranean	That's a true Mediterranean sky.
meet	It's nice to meet you both.
meekness	He was, however, a baptized Christian, and accepted with meekness the rebuke of Peter.
meerschaum	The chief industry of Lemgo is the manufacture of meerschaum pipes, which has attained here a high pitch of excellence; other industries are weaving, brewing and the manufacture of leather and cigars.
megabyte	Older machines usually have megabyte chips and newer ones have larger gigabyte chips installed.
meg	Arpad Berczik's Nezd meg az anyjdt ( Look at her Mother ), A protekczio ( Patronizing ), also followed on the lines of Csiky.
megahertz	The processing chip is Sony's CXD2962GG, which is a 32-bit chip running at 333 megahertz.
mega	When we heard it mixed properly, it sounded mega.
megalith	The ancient megalith pulsed with power older than that of her father's.
megalomania	Each day revealing new signs that lead them (and the viewer) to become more enmeshed in a growing megalomania.
megaloblastic	These facts may suggest that patients with multiple myeloma are more vulnerable to developing megaloblastic anemia than others.
megalithic	The earliest known natives of this region were the Celtic Rutheni, to whom the numerous megalithic monuments found in the department are attributed.
megalopolis	Both Sparta and Megalopolis sent embassies to Athens.
meeting	I hope your meeting goes well.
megaphone	But even if he had a megaphone they would not hear him.
megaspore	Ovules naked, rarely without carpellary leaves, usually borne on carpophylls, which assume various forms. The single megaspore enclosed in the nucellus is filled with tissue (prothallus) before fertilization, and contains two or more archegonia, consisting usually of a large egg-cell and a small neck, rarely of an egg-cell only and no neck (Gnetum and Welwitschia).
megasporangium	In the megasporangium, on the other hand, the four megaspores, which arise from a single mother-cell, are nourished at the expense of the other sporogenous cells and of the tapetum.
megastar	The production is then supported and put in demand by hip hop stars such as, mega-producer Pharrell Williams and sneaker fanatic rap megastar Fat Joe.
megass	The megass coming from the first mill was saturated with steam and water, in weight equal to between 20% and 30% and up to 40% of the original weight of the uncrushed canes.
meiosis	A special kind of cell division takes place in making germ cells, called meiosis.
melancholia	Horrible mental depression and melancholia are present, and there may be hallucinations of vision and hearing passing into violent delirium.
melancholy	He was cold, haughty, melancholy and dull.
megawatt	A single tower with two turbines should produce one megawatt of electricity - sufficient to power 500 homes.
melamine	A range of matching panels and interior units produced from high quality 18mm white melamine faced chipboard.
meistersinger	Die Meistersinger von Nurnberg, first sketched in 1845, was completed in 1867 and first performed at Munich under the direction of Hans von Billow on the 21st of June 1868.
melancholic	Mogwai explored the use of guitar-based melodies and down-tempo, melancholic songs.
melanism	In one direction the tabby shows a tendency to melanism which culminates in complete blackness, while in the other direction there is an equally marked tendency to albinism; grey cats, which may be regarded as tabbies whose stri p es have disappeared, forming the connecting link between the tabby and the white cat.
melanin	Black skin contains more melanin, which is a brown pigment.
melanesian	The population is about 2200, the natives being Polynesian, though their language has been classified as Melanesian.
melanoma	In addition, primary skin tumors such as melanoma have a predilection to spread to the liver.
melanosis	In the melanomas, staining was relatively uniform, while in primary acquired melanosis there was cell-to-cell variability in the staining.
melodious	The bells were difficult to ring and not very melodious.
mellowness	From the richness and mellowness of the soil potatoes and all taproots reach a great size.
mellow	Just trying to get you mellow enough to tell me why you've got a bug up your behind.
melodeon	His mother and father sang and they and his three brothers and two sisters all at some time played melodeon.
melodrama	His Pygmalion (1775) is a melodrama without singing.
melissa	That's Melissa, Billy's chick.
melodic	They want songs with strong melodic hooks and good story lines.
melodically	We had no Psalters to follow the psalm, sung much more melodically here.
melodramatic	You.ve always been a little melodramatic, Katherine.
melting	Her skin felt like it was melting, and she sighed deeply.
member	I'm showing a new member to her room.
meltdown	For dads-to-be, you can choose from lighthearted fare like She's Having a Baby-and I'm Having a Meltdown or informational books like The Everything Father to Be Book.
memento	Some people just want to keep a memento of a special moment.
melon	Of the melon and cucumber there are both bitter and sweet varieties.
memoir	A memoir of his life by his eldest son appeared in 1834.
melody	The melody grew and passed from one instrument to another.
memorable	A memorable meeting of the General Assembly was held in August 1643.
membranous	The bark in most of the trees occurs in fine soft membranous layers, the outer cuticle of which peels off in thin, white, papery sheets.
memorabilia	He left a large collection of personal jottings and memorabilia, most of which remain unpublished.
memorandum	I am ordered to write a memorandum explaining why we are not advancing.
memoranda	The Report and Memoranda of the Commission were published on the 2nd of December 1910.
membrane	Alex pulled the membrane from the foal's nose and stepped back.
memorably	Yet while road trip movies are fairly commonplace nowadays, few have been done as memorably as this.
memorialize	The site is full of unique and creative ways to memorialize a child's short life, including those a bereaved parent can participate in.
memo	They're doctors, Lacy said, looking up from the memo in her hands.
menace	He's a menace to everything.
memorize	Long ago, before Gutenberg, if you wanted to know something, you had to memorize it.
memorization	Examinations as tests of the knowledge of isolated facts are necessarily of relatively small value, because the memory of such facts is transient; and memorization of a large number of facts for examination purposes is generally admitted to be specially transient; the knowledge-test, considered apart from a test of capacity, is in fact not a test of permanent knowledge, but of the power of retaining facts for a length of time which it is impossible to estimate and which with some candidates extends over a few weeks only.
menacingly	The fairies appeared in disturbing form as hooded figures manipulating hand puppets and porcelain dolls with grotesque and menacingly blank faces.
memorial	What a way to start a Memorial Day weekend.
menacing	He picked up a menacing looking tool.
melt	She'll melt when she sees you.
menagerie	This is a magnificent palace, with gardens, a menagerie and a good library.
membership	In the United States there were, in 1906, 101 church edifices and a total membership of 7558.
menarche	Menarche may be the first outward indication of your blossoming adulthood.
mend	That night, however, he began to mend, and in a few days he was out of danger.
memory	The memory brought goose bumps to her arms.
mendacious	In no case is the evidence of the senses fallacious or mendacious; the fallacy is in the inference.
mencius	Thus some arose who declared allegiance to the idealistic intuitionalism of Wang Yang-ming, and others advocated direct study of the works of Confucius and Mencius.
mendelism	These are discussed under the headings Heredity; Mendelism; and Variation And Selection.
mendelian	Since the rediscovery of Mendelian genetics at the start of the 20th century, crop improvement has been possible in a more controlled fashion.
mendicancy	Mendicancy is his recognized way of life.
menhir	The menhir of Men-er-H`roeck (Fairy stone), which was broken into four pieces by lightning in the 18th century, previously measured about 67 ft.
men	I want to know what you men are like.
mendicant	The mendicant monks stirred up the populace to acts of fanatical enmity.
mending	Her lip was still mending, but otherwise she didn't look as bad as expected.
menial	Why did men always give women the menial chores?
menhaden	Large numbers of shad, blue fish, weak fish (squeteague), alewives, Spanish mackerel, perch, bass, croakers (Micropogon undulatus), mullet, menhaden, oysters and clams are caught in the sounds, in the lower courses of the rivers flowing into them, or in the neighbouring waters of the sea.
meninges	These membranes are called the meninges, the outermost membrane is called the dura mater, then the arachnoid and then the pia mater.
meningocele	Various forms of spina bifida are known as meningomyelocele, myelomeningocele, spina bifida aperta, open spina bifida, myelodysplasia, spinal dysraphism, spinal rachischisis, myelocele, and meningocele.
meningitis	If you suspect meningitis you must seek urgent medical assistance.
meno	That he should do so was only natural, since his position as a teacher of rhetoric was already secure when Protagoras made his first appearance in the character of a sophist; and, as Protagoras, Prodicus and the rest of the sophists of culture offered a comprehensive education, of which oratory formed only a part, whilst Gorgias made no pretence of teaching civic excellence (Plato, Meno, 95 C), and found a substitute for philosophy, not in literature generally, but in the professional study of rhetoric alone, it would have been convenient if the distinction between sophistry and rhetoric had been maintained.
meningococcus	Meningococcemia is the presence of meningococcus in the bloodstream.
mennonite	Before the year was out, yielding to the prayer of six or eight persons who had freed themselves from the Munster spell, he agreed to become their minister, and was set apart (January 1537) to the eldership at Groningen, with imposition of hands by Obbe Philipsz, who is regarded as the actual founder of the Mennonite body.
meningoencephalitis	Rare cases of encephalitis or meningoencephalitis have also been reported.
meniscus	We observed the surface forming a meniscus above the edge of the casting.
menopause	Women as young as 31 may enter menopause quite unexpectedly, while women in their early 50s may think they've reached menopause only to be surprised to learn their period stopped because they are expecting a change of life baby.
menorah	Jewish tombstones will have symbols on them such as the Star of David, lions, a menorah, scrolls or the tablets with the 10 Commandments.
menses	On Metformin, 39 of 43 patients (91 %) resumed normal menses.
menopausal	Bullock JL, Massey FM, Gambrell RD Jr. Use of medroxyprogesterone acetate to prevent menopausal symptoms.
mensal	The king's mensal land, as also that of the tanist or successor to the royal office appointed during the king's lifetime, was not divided up but passed on in its entirety to the next individual elected to the position.
menstruate	For no apparent reason, a few women menstruate (with ovulation occurring) on a regular schedule as infrequently as once every two months.
mentalism	If you've ever even considered doing mentalism, then this book is for you!
mensuration	This applies not only to the geometrical principles but also to the arithmetical principles, and it is therefore of importance, in the earlier stages, to keep geometry, mensuration and arithmetic in close association with one another; mensuration forming, in fact, the link between arithmetic and geometry.
menstruation	Modern treatments prescribe the herb to combat PMS and to help women resume normal menstruation after using birth control pills.
menthol	The various camphors, such as laurel camphor, Borneo camphor, menthol and cumarin, are oxidized derivatives of essential oils, and differ only superficially from them in their action.
mention	He didn't even mention her family.
menswear	But a good half of his heart is in Epsom, where he sold menswear in the market for 57 years.
mentor	Or maybe, the right mentor had chosen him.
mentholated	The mentholated steam will have an effect similar to the shower sauna treatment, and it may just help your dog rest easier through the night.
mentum	The fused cardines form a broad basal plate (sub-mentum) and the stipites a smaller plate (mentum) - see fig.
mentality	Indeed, it seems like the supreme irony that militant atheism has managed to acquire the mentality of a religion.
meow	For example, cats meow when exhaling and will purr when both inhaling and exhaling, and this gives each vocalization its own unique sound.
mep	This page gives an overview of all articles in the 1911 Brittanica which are alphabetized under Mep to Met.
mentally	They are mentally in the condition of children.
menstrual	Aloes also tends to increase the menstrual flow and therefore belongs to the group of emmenagogues.
mental	This question absorbed all his mental powers.
mercantilism	England developed many colonies under mercantilism in order to increase its trading territory.
mephistopheles	The origin of the idea of Mephistopheles in Faust's mind is thus clear.
mercer	Under the direction of General Hugh Mercer some American troops reached Richmond on the morning of the 16th of October 1776, and in an engagement which immediately followed they were victorious; but, as they were retreating with their prisoners, British reinforcements arrived and in a second engagement at Fresh Kill (now Green Ridge) they were routed with considerable loss.
mercantile	James Wedderburn, who had gone to St Andrews in 1514, was for a time in France prepar - ing for a mercantile career.
merchandise	Merchandise trains run faster and carry less.
mercantilist	The measures were those of the late-medieval town economy applied to the wide region of the German Baltic trade, but not supported, as was the analogous mercantilist system, by a strong central government.
menu	I better start planning my menu, only four days left.
merchandising	The WinRMIS will provide a centralized database for stock control, warehousing, purchasing, distribution and merchandising.
merchandiser	If you have retail skills but prefer a flexible schedule and shorter hours than typically provided to store workers, pursuing a career as a merchandiser might be a good option for you.
mercenary	Not having received satisfaction he became a freebooter on land and sea, and mercenary soldier.
merchandize	The general ordered a bombardment of the town for two days, destroying a number of houses and large quantities of merchandize.
merchantman	The Lord Stewart was 248 foot long, 1445 ton armed merchantman.
merchantable	Even within reservations almost all the merchantable timber is owned by private individuals.
merciless	Cold and merciless, this creature was her mate for all time.
mercilessly	Rhyn smiled mercilessly at Kris.s uneasy look.
merciful	God is merciful, birdie.
mercifully	The session was mercifully short and they decided to go to check out the renovated house and make sure it was ready for the new renters.
merchant	The merchant was delighted.
mercurial	Even this did not tame the impostors mercurial temperament.
mercy	I pray they will have mercy on you for your assistance.
mere	You have a great deal of freedom for a mere slave.
merge	Or you can merge it with mine, I don't care.
mercuric	When cyanogen is prepared by heating mercuric cyanide, a residue known as para-cyanogen, (CN)x, is left; this is to be regarded as a polymer of cyanogen.
merger	A tenancy may also be determined by merger, i.e.
mercurous	For this purpose the cold solution is treated with hydrochloric acid, which precipitates lead, silver and mercurous salts as chlorides.
meringue	For example, their meringue powder comes with recipes and tips for creating a number of frostings and icings.
meridional	Russia; the Valdai tablelands, where all the great rivers of Russia take their rise; the broad and gently sloping meridional belt of the Ural Mountains; and lastly the Taimyr, Tunguzka and Verkhoyansk ranges in Siberia, which, notwithstanding their sub-Arctic position, do not reach the snow-line.
merino	The foundation of the famous school of mining at Freiberg, and the improvement of the Saxon breed of sheep by the importation of merino sheep from Spain, were due to his care.
meridian	The axis of this band, almost a meridian line, is 156 statute miles long.
meritorious	The order is conferred for long and meritorious military service.
merely	He merely asked if she was alright.
meristematic	The antheridia and archegonia are produced above the meristematic zone, and are more or less sunk in the tissues of the prothallus.
meristem	The separation of layers in the apical meristem of the root is usually very much more obvious than in that of the stem.
mercury	Mercury is found in New South Wales and Queensland.
merrily	She laughed merrily and raised her arms in one motion, pulling up her t-shirt.
merle	The ancestors of his father, Aime Robert Merle d'Aubigne (1755-1799), were French Protestant refugees.
merlin	Merlin (Myrddin), the famous wizard, bard and warrior, perhaps an historical figure, first introduced by Geoffrey of Monmouth, originally called Ambrose from the British leader Ambrosius Aurelianus, under whom he is said to have first served.
mermaid	The Mermaid is sometimes described as in Bread Street, and at other times in Friday Street and also in Cheapside.
merriment	The proceedings were characterized by excessive merriment and licentiousness.
merit	Kutuzov's merit lay, not in any strategic maneuver of genius, as it is called, but in the fact that he alone understood the significance of what had happened.
mesa	They rode across a mesa and then descended to a wide creek.
merovingian	Under the Merovingian kings the abbey of St Germain, named after the 6th bishop, was founded, and in the 9th century its schools had made the town a seat of learning.
mes	But Lauzun tyrannized over his wife, and it is said that on one occasion he addressed her thus, Louise d'Orleans, tire-moi mes bottes, and that she at once and finally separated from him.
merrymaking	In the Middle Ages the Common was the site for jousting tournaments, archery competitions, fetes and general merrymaking.
merry	He laughed at that, and his laugh was merry and frank.
mesenchyma	The mass of the body consists of richly branched stellate cells - the mesenchyma - and imbedded in this plasmic tissue are the nervous, excretory, muscular and generative organs.
mesial	On making a mesial vertical section of the uterus the cavity is seen as a mere slit which is bent about its middle to form an angle the opening of which is forward.
mesentery	In the region of the mouth where the two halves of the small arm-sinus approach one another they open into a central sinus lying beneath the oesophagus and partly walled in by the two halves of the ventral mesentery.
mesenteric	In Hemiptera only eleven and in Collembola only yolk, and that the mesenteric epithelium becomes reinforced by six abdominal segments have been detected.
meshwork	In some cases it shows, when submitted to a careful examination under the highest powers of the microscope, and especially when treated with reagents of various kinds, traces of a more or less definite structure in the form of a meshwork consisting of a clear homogeneous substance containing numerous minute bodies known as microsomes, the spaces being filled by a more fluid ground-substance.
mesitylene	On distillation with sulphuric acid, it is converted into mesitylene C 9 H 12 (symmetrical trimethyl benzene).
meshing	Adaptive meshing automatically refines meshes in high stress areas without the rest of the mesh having to be refined.
mesmerize	They will mesmerize anyone looking you in the eye.
mesoblast	In origin the vascular system is due to a fusion of spaces which arise in the mesoblast of the larva.
mesne	Zaminddrs, or government renters, were arrested on mesne process; the sanctity of the zendna, or women's chamber, as dear to Hindus as to Mahommedans, was violated by the sheriff's officer; the deepest feelings of the people and the entire fabric of revenue administration were alike disregarded.
mesmerism	Dr John Elliotson and his followers attributed the phenomena to mesmerism.
mesolithic	Europe at this time was populated by Mesolithic hunter-gatherers.
mesh	The nets are often very large, and are netted with a needle and mesh as in hand-netting among ourselves.
mesoderm	The mesoderm arises for the most part from the endoderm.
mesonephros	Lying dorsal to the genital ridge in the intermediate cell mass is the mesonephros, consisting FIG.
mesophyll	The only pathways for the gases which thus pass between the cells of the mesophyll and the outside air are the stomata.
mesosphere	That is why the summer polar mesosphere is the coldest place on earth despite also being the sunniest.
mess	I can deal with the mess in my head.
mesothelioma	Diseases that may results from breathing in these fibers include asbestosis, mesothelioma and lung cancer.
messiah	He wore on his breast a badge with his title of Pere, was spoken of by his preachers as the living law, declared, and probably believed, himself to be the chosen of God, and sent out emissaries in a quest of a woman predestined to be the female Messiah, and the mother of a new Saviour.
mesothorax	Prothorax small, intimately united to mesothorax.
messiness	A clean, orderly house cuts the chaos and stress related to messiness.
met	His solemn gaze met hers.
messuage	Agnes Marr, widow, surrendered a messuage and 48 acres of land and meadow with appurtenances in Thurcroft to Ralph Marr.
messenger	Their messenger won't wait long.
messianic	Romans stands on an eminence on the right bank of the Isere, a fine stone result will be the inclusion of all Israel in the heritage of the messianic kingdom of Christ.
mesozoic	Not improbably this country was either Gondwana-land, connecting Mesozoic India with Africa, or perhaps Africa itself.
metabolism	They lessen the general metabolism and lower febrile temperature.
mestizo	The population includes large Indian and mestizo elements.
message	She typed a message to him.
metabolite	This lecture will examine how a common metabolite in both fat and carbohydrate catabolism could hold some insight into metabolic integration.
meta	It never goes directly into the meta position.
messy	It was messy and uneven.
metabolize	If the liver does not metabolize estrogen properly, PMS will result.
metacarpal	First toe represented by a minute rudiment of a metacarpal bone; the fourth by a metacarpal and two small phalanges without a claw, and not reaching the middle of the metacarpal of the third; fifth entirely absent.
metabolic	Metabolic conditions may also be to blame.
metalanguage	We are quite sure that teaching students literacy metalanguage helps.
metagenesis	Hence the alternation is of the type termed metagenesis.
metallurgical	There are a mining and a metallurgical school.
metalliferous	Cambrian, Ordovician and Silurian beds have been recognized, the Upper Cambrian consisting of a limestone which is very rich in metalliferous ores (especially galena and calamine).
metallography	In fact the uniformity of brass and bell-metal is only superficial; if we adopt the methods described in the article Metallography, and if, after polishing a plane face on a bit of gun-metal, we etch away the surface layer and examine the new surface with a lens or a microscope, we find a complex pattern of at least two materials.
metallurgic	There are soap and flour mills and metallurgic factories in the town, and iron, copper and lead mines in the neighbouring Sierra de Almenara.
metalwork	Black metalwork held the gem in place.
metamere	They are metamerically placed, and belong to the same metamere as the digestive caeca, thus alternating with the generative sacs.
metallurgy	Of these the more important are noticed under Metallurgy; here we may notice the rarer minerals.
metal	The porch posts were black metal with a filigree design.
metallurgist	Recent progress is reported in the scientific periodicals, especially in The Iron and Steel Metallurgist, formerly The Metallographist (Boston, Mass.), and Metallurgic (Halle).
metamorphic	The central plateau consists almost entirely of metamorphic rocks with extensive tracts of granite in Unyamwezi.
metamorphose	In other words, science communities suddenly metamorphose themselves into the highly competitive news conventions of the media code.
metamerism	The development of the Cephalopoda affords at present no better evidence that the metamerism is secondary.
metamorphism	They are typical products of regional metamorphism, and are in nearly all cases older than the fossiliferous sedimentary rocks.
metaphorically	Meanwhile the name of El Dorado came to be used metaphorically of any place where wealth could be rapidly acquired.
metaphysical	He was a metaphysical puzzle to me.
metaphase	By the end of metaphase, the sister chromatids have become aligned along the cell's equatorial plane.
metamorphoses	These gradually become larger, and when so the creature may be said to have entered its nymph stage; but there is no condition analogous to the pupa-stage of insects with complete metamorphoses.
metamorphosis	In some cases (many species of Ascaris) the metamorphosis is reduced to a simple process of growth.
metaphysician	In the same year there appeared in Danzig an anonymous satire, Pope a Metaphysician (Pope ein Metaphysiker), the authorship of which soon transpired.
metaphorical	All of her plans that she had spent so long putting together were a metaphorical trainwreck.
metaphor	I discuss various special cases of this conceptual metaphor in my speech.
metastasize	It tends to metastasize, or spread, quickly.
metastasis	The pathologist who evaluates cancer cells in biopsied tissue designates the cancer as being stage I, II, III, or IV, in terms of the degree of metastasis.
metatarsus	Order Colymbiformes.-Plantigrade, nidifugous, aquatic. All toes webbed, fourth largest, hallux short; metatarsus laterally compressed; tibia with high, pyramidal crest.
mete	For with the same measure that ye mete withal it shall be measured to you again .
metastatic	Metastatic peritoneal adenocarcinoma is the most likely diagnosis in a patient with malignant ascites.
meteorite	The sun is a small target for a meteorite coming from infinity to hit, and if this considerable quantity reaches its mark, a much greater amount will circulate round the sun in parabolas, and there is no evidence of it where it would certainly make itself felt, in perturbations of the planets.
metempsychosis	The number of human beings admits neither of increase nor of decrease, and a regular process of metempsychosis goes on continually.
metatarsal	First hind toe rudimentary, clawless or absent; its metatarsal bone always present.
meteor	Her attention was caught on the falling stars of the meteor shower.
meteorologist	The meteorologist continued to check the air pressure before the storm.
metallic	The water was cool and had a metallic taste.
meteoric	This ended Decazes's meteoric career of greatness.
meteorology	In 1859 he was appointed director of Kew Observatory, and there naturally became interested in problems of meteorology and terrestrial magnetism.
methinks	Methinks you're holding out on me.
methadone	These could include alternative forms of injectable opioid maintenance using longer-acting agonists such as methadone and partial agonists such as buprenorphine.
meteorological	The government has a meteorological station here and a national college.
methodic	Soranus is known by a work, still extant in the Greek original, on the diseases of women, and also by the Latin work of Caelius Aurelianus, three centuries later, on acute and chronic diseases, which is based upon, if not, as some think, an actual translation of, the chief work of Soranus, and which is the principal source of our knowledge of the methodic school.
methanol	The samples were extracted with 80 per cent aqueous methanol at room temperature, using a procedure based on that of Barnes et al.
methane	In methane, CH 4, the hydrogen atoms are of equal value, and hence only one alcohol, viz.
metaphysics	Metaphysics he held to be based on psychology.
methodically	She methodically searched the text.
meter	Generally speaking, the price of the meter is a subordinate consideration.
methodology	As part of the rich heritage of the Chinese culture, the varied stories of Chinese zodiac origin offer colorful fables that enhance the mystique of this ancient astrological methodology.
methodical	There was something about the methodical way he set the table that was cute.
methodological	There is an epistemological logic with sometimes formalist, sometimes methodological leanings.
meticulous	The trip involved meticulous planning.
meticulously	It was a detailed map, with the sea painted blue and the land border meticulously drawn.
methought	When first my true Love to mine arms was given, Ah, then methought that I encircled Heaven.
methylate	By the direct action of hydroxylamine on a methyl alcohol solution of mesityl oxide in the presence of sodium methylate a hydr oxylamino - ketone, diacetone hydroxylamine, (CH 3) 2 C(Nhoh) CH20OCH3,is formed.
methodism	Methodism began in a revival of personal religion, and it professed to have but one aim, viz.
methylene	The true nitrile of malonic acid is methylene cyanide, CH 2 (CN) 2, which is obtained by distilling a mixture of cyanacetamide and phosphorus pentoxide.
metis	A too hasty occupation by Canadian officials and settlers led to the rebellion of the Metis under Louis Riel, a native leader.
methyl	Its methyl derivatives yield the corresponding carboxylic acids when oxidized by potassium permanganate.
metre	The line is of metre gauge.
metrical	Gregory of Tours gives a list of 206 miracles wrought by him after his death; Sidonius Apollinaris composed a metrical biography of him.
metro	One day, she'd wake up and find herself on the Metro again.
metric	In 1897, the use of metric units for trade was made lawful.
methodist	In October 1768, a Methodist chapel was opened in New York.
metrics	Current research activities include linking environmental sustainability metrics with economic and social metrics.
metrological	Relative to the uncertain connexion of length, capacity and weight in the ancient metrological systems of the East, Sir Charles Warren, R.E., has obtained by deductive analysis a new equivalent of the original cubit (Palestine Exploration Fund Quarterly, April, July, October 1899).
metronome	One way to practice this is to play along with a metronome.
mew	But now he can mew like a real puddy tat.
mettle	Lana didn't have the mettle to survive the way he knew how.
metrology	A constant difficulty in studying works on metrology is the need of distinguishing the absolute facts of the case from the web of theory into which each writer has woven them -- often the names used, and sometimes the very existence of the units in question, being entirely an assumption of the writer.
mews	The Zeughaus (armoury) contains the ducal library of 100,000 volumes, and among other public buildings may be mentioned the Augustenstift, formerly the seat of the ministerial offices, and the Marstall (royal mews).
mezzanine	She died after falling from a mezzanine balcony during a gathering at a privately-owned airport hangar on North Island.
mf	It's that West Coast beat maestro Daedelus again teamed up with MF Doom on ' Impeding Doom ' .
mezzo	In Japan, as in Europe, three varieties of relief carving are distinguishedalto (taka-bori), mezzo (chniku-bori) and basso (usunikubori).
method	We have already seen this method work.
mezzotint	Here all the raised burr has been burnished away, leaving none of the velvety mezzotint quality.
mhz	In the downstream direction, the digital data typically modulates a 6 MHz television carrier, somewhere between 42 MHz and 750 MHz.
mia	Mia found it challenging to find a prom dress that met her modest standards.
mi	Amazon.com - Amazon carries a songbook of the greatest hits of Mana, including Como Diablos, Oye Mi Amor and La Chula.
miasma	The old theory of paludism or of a noxious miasma exhaled from the ground is no longer necessary.
metropolis	In the 4th century it became the metropolis of Narbonensis Secunda.
mg	Boron hydride has probably never been isolated in the pure condition; on heating boron trioxide with magnesium filings, a magnesium boride Mg 3 B 2 is obtained, and if this be decomposed with dilute hydrochloric acid a very evil-smelling gas, consisting of a mixture of hydrogen and boron hydride, is obtained.
metropolitan	The city is a dynamic metropolitan area, and major financial center.
mexican	It's a descendant of the Mexican earless goat.
mice	It will alert you when you have mice or termites.
michaelmas	The fallow received a third ploughing in September, and was sown about Michaelmas.
microbe	The danger from this source is remote, as the microbe does not form spores within the animal body.
mickle	Finally on Mickle Fell I had a squall from hell with torrential rain and gale force winds.
mick	The following weekend, two and a half weeks after Edith's death, Penny and Mick returned to bird Song for a couple of days of ice climbing, a further reminder of the ice park incident.
mica	The mica mined in India is practically all muscovite.
microbial	He was appointed to a Personal Chair in Microbial physiology in 1991.
micelle	Development products Proprietary micelle nanotechnology - Our novel drug delivery system which enables insoluble active pharmaceuticals to be solubilised.
micaceous	It is used as a pigment (cadmium yellow), for it retains its colour in an atmosphere containing sulphuretted hydrogen; it melts at a white heat, and on cooling solidifies to a lemon-yellow micaceous mass.
microbic	Of such are tetanus and diphtheria, now known to be due to the establishment from without of a local microbic infection, from which focus a toxin is diffused to the nervous matter.
microchip	It is also a good idea to get an ID microchip in case your dog ever loses his collar.
microbiology	She went back to college to earn a degree in microbiology.
microbiologist	Other types of bacteria may grow in differently sized or shaped colonies, allowing the microbiologist to differentiate the bacteria.
microbiological	The new microbiological criteria also apply to imported foodstuffs.
microcephaly	Some scientists say that LB1 is merely a short modern human with a brain disorder called microcephaly.
microclimate	Sometimes referred to as climate or microclimate.
microeconomics	The final year program core consists of modules in advanced macroeconomics and microeconomics and an individual project.
microcosm	The Web has become a microcosm of our society.
microcomputer	She pulled out her microcomputer and approached the door.
microcosmic	Titanium oxide when fused with microcosmic salt in the oxidizing flame yields a bead which is yellowish in the heat but colourless after cooling.
microfarad	This unit is too small for practical purposes, and hence a unit of capacity 900,000 greater, called a microfarad, is generally employed.
microfiche	They will also help you order microfilm and microfiche resources from the Family History Library.
microorganism	The microorganism which causes the disease of bitterness (amer) forms longish branched filaments in the wine.
micron	The minimum dimension of manufactured devices and ICs has decreased from 20 microns to the sub micron levels of today.
micrometer	The micrometer is at zero when the two edges are brought exactly together.
microprocessor	Technically, anything with a microprocessor can be considered a robot.
microfilm	I'm about to go blind reading them old microfilm newspapers.
microphone	At first it was usual to join the microphone transmitter in the direct circuit.
microsecond	Each load takes about 1 microsecond, faster than the CPU can write the 8-bit value.
microscopical	The conclusions derived from the microscopical laboratory were confirmed by actual experiment.
microscopist	At the present day feiy groups of the animal kingdom are so well known to the microscopist, few groups present more interesting affinities to the morphologist, and few multicellular animals such a low physiological condition.
microscopically	Microscopically their structure is the same in essentials as that of the coxal glands of Scorpio (13).
microscopic	In microscopic structure they all present the closest agreement with one another.
microscopy	Our nets incorporate fluorescent chromophores, and can be visualized by fluorescence microscopy.
micro	Lana tucked the micro in her pocket and crossed to it.
microscope	Under the microscope the ovary is seen to be covered by a FIG.
microsurgery	A surgical procedure involving decompression of the facial nerve through extremely delicate microsurgery has, in severe cases, also been done.
microtome	The picture below demonstrates the set-up of a bench microtome.
microspore	Germination of the microspore begins before it leaves the pollen-sac. In very few cases has anything representing prothallial development been observed; generally a small cell (the antheridial or generative cell) is cut off, leaving a larger tube-cell.
middle	I shall be there by the middle of September.
middleman	Large landlords are usually represented by ministri, or factors, who direct agricultural operations and manage the estates, but the estate is often let to a middleman, or mercante di campagna.
microstructure	The colored arrows mark the magnetic microstructure of these magnetite cubes.
micturition	She had difficulty in initiating micturition and a poor stream rate.
midden	A few crab claws also came from the midden.
midday	He dragged her to a window and the bright midday sun.
middleweight	Also, the former Commonwealth middleweight boxing champion Michael Watson praised the improvement in sports/leisure facilities for disabled people.
middling	He was of middling stature and dark complexion.
midge	One of the worst pests of pear trees is the pear midge, known as Diplosis pyrivora or Cecidomyia nigra, the females of which lay their eggs in the flowerbuds before they open.
midfield	A neat sequence of link up play on the left midfield resulted in the Dutch having to concede a free kick 30 yards out.
mid	Beginning at his dusty oxfords and indigo blue jeans, her scrutiny continued up to a neatly tucked in worn white cotton shirt with the sleeves rolled up to mid arm.
midline	The suckers are approximately the same in size, the ventral sucker being slightly anterior to the midline of the parasite.
microsoft	This will absolve governments from making sure Microsoft does not use its Windows monopoly to unfairly muscle its way into other markets.
midget	Pocket-sized Picanto is Kia's midget gem CLS is a car with class I'm going topless!
midi	Midi (Toulouse to Mediterranean via Bziers); see CANAL 175
microwave	Not just microwave stuff?
midpoint	Dean pointed to a small dot midpoint on the page.
midshipman	He became a midshipman in the United States navy in 1829, and was in the coast survey in 1836-1842.
midrange	In addition, the upper midrange would exhibit a modicum of glare with some cartridges.
midland	The principal works of the Midland Railway Company are at Derby.
midriff	The halter top she wore exposed her trim midriff.
midrib	The midrib has a strong band of stereom above and below.
midstream	Tests are available in either dip or midstream formats.
midweek	Visit the Pennsylvania Ski Area Association website, and download a five dollar discount coupon, which can be used toward any midweek Learn a Snow Sport Package at any of the association's 22 ski resorts.
midsummer	It was midsummer, and the day was very hot.
midnight	It was after midnight by the time I returned home.
might	It might have done damage inside.
mien	Nikos has the mien of a young Greek monk and the young Greek monk wants it back.
mighty	That looked like a mighty cozy situation.
mightily	The traders of Holland and Zeeland had thriven mightily by the war.
midwifery	Every medical officer, whether of a county or district, must now be legally qualified for the practice of medicine, surgery and midwifery.
midwinter	The December and June curves for Kew are good examples of the ordinary nature of the difference between midwinter and midsummer.
migrate	The Russians do not emigrate as isolated individuals; they migrate in whole villages.
migration	The birds are currently beginning their large migration to the south.
midwife	The midwife was already on her way to meet her, rubbing her small, plump white hands with an air of calm importance.
mignonette	The carpellary leaves are sometimes united in such a way as to leave an opening at the apex of the pistil, so that the ovules are exposed, as in mignonette.
mike	She grabbed the mike and answered.
midway	Deep down in the trough of the Chitral river, about midway between its source and its junction with the Kabul at Jalalabad, is.
migraine	Her headache was now a migraine, and she shielded her eyes against the light from the street that filtered past her honeycomb blinds.
migratory	Females are more migratory than males.
mikado	After the revolution of 1868, when the mikado Mutsu-hito was restored, his uncle, Prince Taruhito Arisugawa (1835-1895), became commander-in-chief, and in 1875 president of the senate.
mild	The day was sunny and mild – a perfect day for riding.
migrant	He was a migrant handyman with no calluses.
milage	Fox is 10yrs old and by Catch the Thatch fully papered, he has done a bit of everything but has quiet low milage.
milch	Even the pharmaceutical industry is not the milch cow that publishers might think us to be.
mil	It supports about 6 mil lions of people.
mileage	What's the mileage on it?
mildewed	Don't put garden clippings from diseased or mildewed plants in your compost bin.
miler	Great race anyway, winner must surely be Europe's best miler?
mildew	A strong growth of the fungus gives the appearance of mildew on the wood, and produces an unpleasant musty smell.
mildness	Merwan made many prisoners, whom he treated with the greatest mildness, granting them freedom on condition that they should take the oath of allegiance to the sons of Walid II.
milfoil	An old borrow pit fringed by willows contains an interesting aquatic flora including spiked water milfoil and common water crowfoot.
midst	One day he was in the midst of a great battle.
militant	Vijayanagar gave the militant Mahommedanism of Northern India no, opportunity for a combined attack on the Portuguese settlements.
mildly	He looked mildly amused.
milestone	A milestone in a baby's life is when they learn how to walk.
miliaria	Prickly heat is also known as sweat retention syndrome or miliaria rubra.
militarily	The Ghibellines being unable to maintain their supremacy, the city came to be divided into two almost autonomous republics, the comune headed by the podestd, and the popolo headed by the capitano and militarily organized into twenty companies; the central power was represented by twelve anziani or elders.
milieu	The dominating milieu in which we live is a technical artifice.
militarism	Hitler has now become the symbol of the return of german militarism.
militaristic	The Timorese struggle to be a free nation have gone on for many centuries against Portuguese colonialism and then against the militaristic Indonesian government.
milk	Maybe a glass of milk would help.
militate	Pressure from America and Europe will also militate in favor of a settlement.
militarist	The struggle between the militarist cliques is destroying what remains of the unity of the country.
milker	The next day, you will get a Golden Size Milk, if you have a milker to milk your cow.
milkman	He's the new milkman, replacing Dan Dairy who wasn't very good.
mile	They found the problem about a mile down the creek.
milkweed	The Monarch lays eggs as well as feeds off the nectar of milkweed.
militia	But his branch of the militia wasn't equipped to help refugees.
millennial	We have a lovely picture of the millennial reign of Christ here on this mountain.
miller	In London he met Peter Miller who had been ordained by Zinzendorf for work in Carolina.
milky	A glance at the Milky Way, with its sharply defined irregular boundaries, its clefts and diverging spur, is almost sufficient to assure us that it is a real cluster of stars, and does not merely indicate the directions in which the universe extends farthest.
millet	The plain produces wheat, barley, millet and vegetables.
millennia	We've spent millennia arguing.
millennium	The millennium is the period between the first and second comings of Christ.
milliard	The forced paper currency, instituted in 1866, was abolished in 1881, in which year were dissolved the Union of Banks of Issue created in 1874 to furnish to the state treasury a milliard of lire in notes, guaranteed collectively by the banks.
million	It was the million dollar question.
millimetre	They range from a millimetre or so (smaller species of Aeolosoma) to 6 ft.
milliner	He lives in London with the couture milliner Katharine Goodison.
millionaire	Millionaire Rick Rockwell chose contestant Darva Conger and married her at the end of the show's finale.
millipede	I was recently given a giant millipede for my birthday.
millinery	The range of garments include bridal and evening wear, tailoring and millinery.
mill	But again of course Mill is not named.
millionth	Yes, the one millionth adoption took place in Milton, Florida.
millisecond	The minimum time-slice quantum allowed by the Threads Module under Solaris is 1 millisecond.
milling	There were people milling about, most appearing as lost and confused as he felt.
military	Military science says that the more troops the greater the strength.
millstone	There are quarries of millstone in the vicinity.
millwright	Having received the ordinary education of a parish school, he was apprenticed to his uncle, a millwright, and, after qualifying himself as a ship-modeller at Bo'ness, went to London, where he found employment under John Rennie, the celebrated engineer.
mimic	In New Hampshire, I watched as another tried to mimic me and failed while no one even knew I was nearby.
mimicry	A few cases of mimicry have been recorded in birds.
mime	Mime Necker, despite her talents, her beauty and her fondness for philosophe society, was strictly decorous, somewhat reserved, and disposed to carry out in her daughter's case the rigorous discipline of her own childhood.
milord	He was cruel, this English milord, and he laughed so that he could not come to the aid of his servant.
mimosa	The mimosa, the dum palm and the date are abundant.
min	The Min Pin really needs to loose weight.
mind	Those words stayed in her mind all afternoon.
minded	Yet even at home, Alex always minded his manners.
mince	This enables the knife to rock as you chop and mince.
mindful	Rome, ever mindful of hei unique past, listened to Arnolds preaching.
minaret	The minaret is decorated with mosaics.
mindfulness	Mindfulness meditation means you're focusing on being in the moment, no matter what you are doing in that moment.
mincing	Taking mincing steps so that the water wouldn't slosh out of the buckets, she worked her way toward the barn door.
mine	Mine will be taught to mind.
mincemeat	Vin Santo - A sweet red wine, this option is perfect with mincemeat or berry pies.
mimetic	They appear, however, to have no appreciation of mimetic and warning colours, and have therefore not influenced in any way the evolution of mimetic resemblances dependent upon hues and patterns.
mineral	It is an attractively built city, and has good mineral springs.
minder	Worsaae has written Minder om.
mindlessly	There may be times when you simply do not want to think about anything and you choose to mindlessly pop bubble wrap.
minefield	Brady pushed chunks of body parts blown out of the minefield and knelt to retrieve a thumb keypad.
miner	In order to get a practical knowledge of mining he worked for a few months as a miner at the Wiethe colliery.
mineralization	There was disseminated mineralization within the bedded succession of shales, cherts and tuffs.
mindless	However, this isn't a mindless button masher.
mineralogist	The expedition, including naturalists, botanists, a mineralogist, taxidermists, a philologist, &c., was carried by the sloops-of-war Vincennes and Peacock, the brig Porpoise, the storeship Relief and two tenders.
minestrone	Starters include bruschetta, soup (the minestrone being a regular soup of the day) and garlic bread.
mineralogy	The university, founded in 1869, built mainly of basalt, has schools of arts, medicine, chemistry and mineralogy.
minerva	The Galleria di Minerva was'first published at Venice in 1696.
ming	By the sound of it, it was one of his favorite, priceless, Ming vases.
mineralogical	In the British Islands native sulphur is only a mineralogical rarity, but it occurs in the Carboniferous Limestone of Oughterard in Co.
minesweeper	I've had those minesweeper cheats longer than this website's been around!
minibus	Clear late last minibus are seatbelts usually high-end holiday.
mingle	He lived a very retired life, and saw little or nothing of society; when he did mingle in it, his dogmatism and pugnacity caused him to be generally shunned.
minima	In most cases two distinct maxima and minima occur in the 24 hours.
minimal	It is a minimal surface, i.e.
miniaturist	A brilliant melodist, colourist and miniaturist, Bizet instinctively composed with the dramatic concision of his heroes Beethoven, Mozart and Mendelssohn.
minimize	In order to minimize expenditures, Dean planned to skip the motel bit and camp out on the tour.
minimum	Its minimum depth is 850 ft.
mining	Pa never did any mining himself.
minim	The choice of crotchet, dotted crotchet, or minim for indications of tempo, throws the predominant grouping of the basic pulse.
minion	The main speaking character is an aged minion named Gnarl.
minimalist	Original releases came exclusively packaged in a highly distinctive, minimalist package to improve on the aesthetic.
miniskirt	Slap on a miniskirt and you are ready to strut.
ministerial	But Fox's character was incompatible with ministerial service under King George III.
miniature	Yeah, I think it's more like a miniature rodeo.
mini	She opened the mini blinds and looked down at the busy city six stories below.
minister	Count Casimir Batthyany attacked him in The Times, and Szemere, who had been prime minister under him, published a bitter criticism of his acts and character, accusing him of arrogance, cowardice and duplicity.
minnow	The shark waits in the center of the pool, but is not allowed to enter the minnow pond.
minority	His minority was a time of anarchy.
ministration	Let us practice the fine art of making every work a priestly ministration.
minium	In regard to the ancients' knowledge of lead compounds, we may state that the substance described by Dioscorides as, uoXv,3Saiva was undoubtedly litharge, that Pliny uses the word minium in its present sense of red lead, ana that white lead was well known to Geber in the 8th century.
minnie	Recent films include The governess, with Minnie Driver as a young 19th century Sephardi woman on the Isle of Skye.
minstrelsy	He assisted in clearing the hall for dancing or minstrelsy, and laid the tables for chess or draughts, and he also shared in the pastimes for which he had made preparation.
mink	The darker sorts of mink, musquash, raccoon and wolverine are more valuable than the paler skins.
minstrel	The blind minstrel was the counterpart of the noble savage.
ministry	In this cabinet he at first held the ministry of finance.
minotaur	The contest between Theseus and the Minotaur was frequently represented in Greek art.
minus	Or is this still more Tory pie crust minus the filling?
mintage	The mintage of Belgian money is carried out by a directeur de la fabrication who is nominated by and responsible to the government.
minute	For a minute there, I thought I was getting forgetful.
minty	Detox, invigorate and awaken the body with the refreshing citrus scent of sunny Florida grapefruit and minty undertones of wild Tunisian rosemary.
minster	The West minster Assembly, through its Confession, Directory and Catechisms, has become so associated with the Presbyterian Church that it is difficult to realize that it was not a church court at all, much less a creation of Presbyterianism.
minuet	In the middle of all this there was a sudden stop, and a Snail, stepping forward, offered to dance a minuet.
minutely	Adam Smith does not go minutely into the incidence of taxation.
minuscule	It sucks in air, trapping any dirt, dust and debris inside the canister or bag while the filter traps any minuscule particles too small to be contained.
minor	But first, I have a minor chore to undertake.
miracle	A miracle has happened!
minuteness	The minuteness of this displacement, about 20.50, makes its precise determination an extremely difficult matter.
minutiae	Not only is divorce an emotionally-crippling event in most cases, but the intimidating amount of legal minutiae surrounding the event can send even the most intrepid person running for cover.
minx	And she can fight, the perfect minx.
mirror	A mirror lined the inside of one door.
mire	Nevertheless, he muddled through the mire in a surprisingly good frame of mind.
mirage	North-west is the Store Vildmose, a swamp where the mirage is seen in summer.
miraculously	The elements are miraculously recreated as body and blood.
mis	This is quite a mis take.
mirth	The family were full of mirth and excitement after winning the game show.
miraculous	In 1891 nearly two million pilgrims viewed the coat, and eleven miraculous cures were claimed.
mint	The mint colored sundress flared out from its slim waistband as she moved.
mirthless	That precise, mirthless laughter rang in Prince Andrew's ears long after he had left the house.
misanthrope	For many years, nevertheless, he maintained a correspondence with Pope and Bolingbroke, and with Arbuthnot and Gay until their deaths, with such warmth as to prove that an ill opinion of mankind had not made him a misanthrope, and that human affection and sympathy were still very necessary to him.
misadventure	But this misadventure only stimulated him.
miry	At last they had him consigned to a miry dungeon, and it was the king who (at the instance of the Cushite Ebed-melech) intervened for his relief, though he remained a prisoner in other quarters till the fall of Jerusalem (586 B.C.).
miocene	The most widely spread of the sedimentary beds belong to the Miocene period.'
misappropriation	From time to time, you still hear about individual users being tracked down by record companies or artists and sued for misappropriation of music.
misanthropy	He is an acute thinker and observer, misled by his systematic misanthropy and by his fantastic literary theories.
misbehave	I tell them that the teachers in school must be obeyed, you must not misbehave.
misbehavior	Jack's sister was incredulous that he had gotten away with his misbehavior.
misc	Cavendish (1641, rep. Harleian Misc. 1810 v.); C. Wriothesley's Chronicle (Camden Soc., 1875-1877); Notes and Queries, 8 ser., viii.
misapprehension	He was made cardinal almost by accident, and under a misapprehension on the pope's part.
miscegenation	Miscegenation of blacks and whites was extremely common before emancipation.
miscast	Never have two people been so hopelessly miscast or has an original novel been so badly adapted.
miscellanea	He violently attacked Politian (Poliziano), whose Miscellanea (a collection of notes on classical authors) were declared by Merula to be either plagiarized from his own writings or, when original, to be entirely incorrect.
miscalculation	This miscalculation made Armada, it a hopeless enterprise from the first.
miscarry	Rubella infection during the first three months of pregnancy can cause a woman to miscarry or cause her baby to be born with birth defects.
mischief	The mischief, however, was not ended.
mischievous	An idea brought a mischievous smile to her lips.
miscarriage	In the vast majority of cases, there is no way of preventing a miscarriage.
miscellaneous	A French translation of the Miscellaneous Works by Marigne appeared at Paris in 1798.
misconduct	The misfortune and misconduct of his parents were not the only troubles of Kepler's childhood.
miscellany	In 1814 a sequel, The Zoological Miscellany, was begun by Leach, Nodder continuing to do the plates.
misconstruction	Sumner's last years were further saddened by the misconstruction put upon one of his most magnanimous acts.
misconception	For several centuries it was wholly lost sight of, and it was not till the 13th century that it was rediscovered through the agency of Robert Grosseteste, bishop of Lincoln, who translated it into Latin, under the misconception that it was a genuine work of the twelve sons of Jacob, and that the Christian interpolations were a genuine product of Jewish prophecy.
miscible	Why are some pairs of liquids miscible in each other in all proportions, while other pairs do not mix at all, or only to a limited extent?
miscreant	Understandably furious, he sought out the miscreant who had smashed the glass.
misdeed	They are concerned with pleasing the parent, and may fear the punishment for admitting a mistake or misdeed.
misdemeanor	She was pulled over for a misdemeanor traffic stop.
misdirection	Do nothing for the time being but perhaps consider instituting a little misdirection in the future.
misdemeanour	If any money-lender, or any manager, agent or clerk of a moneylender, or any person being a director, manager or other officer of a corporation carrying on the business of a money-lender, by any false, misleading or deceptive statement, representation or promise, or by any dishonest concealment of material facts, fraudulently induces, or attempts to induce, any person to borrow money or to agree to the terms on which money is to be borrowed, he is declared by the act to be guilty of a misdemeanour and is liable on indictment to imprisonment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding two years, or to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, or to both.
misdiagnosis	It is important when diagnosing geriatric depression that those around the depressed person are able to distinguish what depression truly is, while ensuring it does not become a misdiagnosis of dementia.
miserable	I've been miserable without you.
miserably	It was miserably cold in the bedroom.
miserly	Mr. Krabs is very money-oriented and he loves the fact that SpongeBob happily works in his restaurant for a miserly salary.
misery	Alex would make the misery go away.
miser	There were no poor in his dominions, no thief or robber, no flatterer or miser, no dissensions, no lies, and no vices.
misfit	Is there a stash of misfit ornaments somewhere?
misfortune	He had the misfortune to lose his father at the age of two.
mishap	If any mishap befall the queen, the workers can sometimes keep the community from dying out.
misgiving	The king alone appeared to feel no misgiving.
misguided	He wasn't a bad man, just a misguided one.
mishandling	Often they are the unintentional results of motor vehicle accidents, falls, mishandling of sharp objects, or sports-related injury.
misheard	Her voice was so faint, he thought he'd misheard.
mishmash	Others may have a mishmash of views with a number of foundations.
misgovernment	Considerable progress was made during the last two decades of the 19th century, however, notwithstanding misgovernment and the extreme poverty of the people.
misinformation	You need to trust me when I say you have a lot of misinformation about vampires.
misinterpret	It's Easy to Misinterpret Correct Food Labels.
mislead	We must not, however, let this mislead us.
misinterpretation	The story began based on the misinterpretation of a picture.
misjudge	It's not hard to misjudge out there, especially a rank beginner like Shipton, doing it alone.
mislaid	Had Cade planned to seduce her, or was he also a victim of mislaid trust?
misled	He was misled by an incomplete excerpt in the history book.
mislay	Friends may seem to have ' lost the plot ' whilst you simply mislay key pieces of paper.
misnomer	The name was a misnomer, as it barely touched the Assiniboine river.
mismatch	Diseased lungs may have marked mismatch between ventilation and perfusion.
misleading	The title of My Exile in Siberia is misleading; he was never in that country.
mismanagement	Not only did he render a steady support to Ministers in Parliament; but he aided the national cause and promoted recruiting by speeches at Guild hall, in Belfast and elsewhere; and even when criticism of the mismanagement of the war began legitimately to raise its head in the early months of 1915, he used his influence, in the national interest, to repress or moderate its expression in Parliament.
misplace	But how did one misplace or lose millions?
misprint	The third edition of the book ended up being a misprint, because it was missing the appendix!
misogyny	Female androids elicit debates of misogyny, sexual exploitation and even the roots of essential feminism as they appear in science fiction and fantasy works.
misprision	He survived the reign of Henry VIII., that perilous age for the Howards, with no worse misadventure than the conviction of himself and his wife of misprision of treason in concealing the offences of his niece, Queen Catherine.
misread	This appears gravely to misread history.
miss	Finally Miss Clara gathered her papers.
misrepresentation	This, however, was a misrepresentation of his words.
misrepresent	Since the Internet feels anonymous, many people may misrepresent themselves..
missing	She was missing something.
mission	I have a special mission for you.
misrule	They finally asked for redress of several grievances caused by the misrule of Rudolph.
missal	He favoured the Jesuits, especially in their conflict with the Jansenists, forbade in 1661 the translation of the Roman Missal into French, and in 1665 canonized Francis of Sales.
misreading	She tried hard to convince herself that she was misreading Wynn.
misshapen	Are hooks, rings, or links misshapen or deformed?
missioner	A chapter was constituted, the bishop being dean; amongst its members was a canon missioner (the first to be appointed in England), and the Scholae Cancellarii were founded after the Lincoln pattern.
missis	In 798 he was appointed missis dominicus, and two years later performed so great services for Leo III.
misspelling	The 2001 DVD release corrects the misspelling of Martine Beswick's name in the credits.
missive	They all looked over his shoulder at the penned missive.
mist	Dusty fell, and the mist swallowed Jonny.
misspelt	In the same loose 'sense the word is often applied to the two most beautiful of the family Anatidae, belonging to the genus Aex (commonly misspelt Aix) - the Carolina Duck of North America, Ae.
misstep	With one misstep he knew she would run like a frightened deer.
missile	She dodged a pillow missile and retrieved it from the floor.
missy	The more you do, the better you'll get, missy!
missus	Unless the missus gets an court order on him or a good lawyer, she's back in the nest, and so's the boy.
mistakenly	If they mistakenly selected a pair of numbers which did not total 10, it was met with a rather doleful ' moo ' !
mister	Mister Santa is sure to be extra surprised to find you dressed as Miss Santa after the guests leave.
mistaken	If I'm not mistaken, you called me for help.
missionary	Various missionary societies have also established schools.
mistook	Apparently he mistook her breathless state as an indication of passion.
mistral	You can also get supplies and toys for your Mistral to play with.
mistreatment	A handful have emerged from what has been labeled a secret gulag, and have given deeply disturbing accounts of horrific mistreatment.
mistrust	I apologize again for my mistrust.
mistletoe	The mistletoe is parasitic both on deciduous and evergreen trees and shrubs.
mistreat	Gabriel of the Quran, in contrast, does physically mistreat Muhammad to the point of his suicidal confusion.
misunderstand	You misunderstand the terms.
mistakes	When mushrooms are gathered for sale by persons unacquainted with the different species mistakes are of frequent occurrence.
misty	He glanced down at her again with misty eyes.
misuse	It led, among other consequences, to an enormous misuse of bleeding.
mistake	I won't make the mistake I made with you before.
misunderstanding	There are materials for misunderstanding here.
miter	A line join is trimmed when the ratio of miter length to stroke width is greater than the miter length to stroke width is greater than the miterlimit value.
mitigate	Good information on a product can mitigate this problem.
mistress	He was accompanied throughout his journey by his mistress, the Finnish girl Afrosina.
mistranslation	European research has clearly proved that the text in the Vedas adduced to authorize the immolation of widows was a wilful mistranslation.
mitigation	The nobles protested, and Egmont was deputed to go to Madrid and try to obtain from the king a mitigation of the edicts and redress of grievances.
misunderstood	They proved that he misread events and misunderstood his own position.
mite	She's been a mite tired lately.
mix	I didn't mix the two.
mitten	On the negative side, we found Chinese mitten crabs.
mixed	She's got it all mixed up.
mixture	His expression was a fifty-fifty mixture of pain and anger.
mitt	You'll definitely need an oven mitt, spatula, and nonstick cooking spray.
mitre	The army of the portent's, commanded by Colonel Bartolome Mitre, was defeated at Cepeda by the confederate forces under Urquiza, and Buenos Aires agreed to re-enter the confederation (November 11, 1859).
mnemonic	Learning by song is a great mnemonic device too.
mitral	Late manifestations may include angina pectoris, myocardial ischemia, myocardial infarction, congestive heart failure and severe mitral regurgitation.
mitosis	When mitosis is about to take place, they separate from one another and pass to the poles of the nucleus, forming the achromatic spindle.
mizzen	The original sailing rig is a large balanced lug foresail with a small mizzen, but a gunter sloop rig is now also available.
moan	While eating dessert, they heard a muffled moan from the bed.
mizen	The island has the form of an irregular rhomboid, the largest diagonal of which, from Torr Head in the north-east to Mizen Head in the south-west, measures 302 m.
mnemonics	That other matters, the parva logicalia and Mnemonics adapted from Psellus and possibly of Stoic origin, entered too did not outweigh this advantage.
moat	Traces of the moat and the foundations are still to be seen in Priory Close.
mo	This isn't their MO.
mobilization	Germany viewed the Russian mobilization as an act of war and therefore declared war on Russia.
mocha	Rainy's Natural, a beautiful woman with mocha skin and blue eyes, leapt up from her seat.
mock	She glanced at him with mock innocence.
mobilize	We need to mobilize, to get active and to get generous.
mobster	Attack and the than watching a and reputed mobster.
mobility	Its perfection would, nevertheless, be undermined by the mobility of all its constituent parts.
moccasin	The top of the boot is lined in shearling and the moccasin style upper is made of suede.
mixer	In like manner, if the molten iron in the mixer contains manganese, this metal unites with the sulphur present, and the manganese sulphide, insoluble in the iron, slowly rises to the surface, and as it reaches the air, its sulphur oxidizes to sulphurous acid, which escapes.
mockingly	Try again, she added mockingly.
mockery	Thereupon He was condemned to death for manifest blasphemy, and a scene of cruel mockery followed.
model	This model came out back this winter.
modal	Modal, impersonal, existential judgments are all accounted for.
mob	His rule was always to look a mob in the face.
moderate	Ears of moderate or small size, ovate, pointed.
modality	The doctor used an interesting modality to diagnose her patient.
modem	I am now thinking about getting adsl modem with built-in wireless router and using wireless USB adapters for the desktop and the laptop.
modelling	Modelling in stucco was extensively used.
modern	The road leading to the castle was modern blacktop.
mod	This page gives an overview of all articles in the 1911 Brittanica which are alphabetized under Mod to Mon.
moderator	The moderator has not a deliberative, but only a casting vote.
modernity	The golf-course at Kilchattan lends a touch of modernity to these remote islands.
modernization	There was a cultural and ideological hegemony in Bolivia, of liberalization and modernization.
modernism	Such modernism was an aspect or fruit of what historians call the European enlightenment.
moderation	Here again his moderation pleased neither party.
modernist	None the less the book produced a profound effect, and that far beyond the borders of the English Church, and it is largely due to its influence, and to that of the school it represents, that the High Church movement developed thenceforth on Modernist rather than Tractarian lines.
modernly	Finally, the connexion of the last-mentioned with politics (or, to speak more modernly, with jurisprudence and sociology), with the philosophy of history and the philosophy of religion, will call for a few words on the relation of these sciences to general philosophy.
mode	The radio had shifted into Christmas mode with one song after another.
mobile	Twenty-five years ago, I had never seen a mobile phone.
modernize	I suppose I should modernize it, though.
modicum	I was pleased with the overall response and I think we collectively felt a modicum of relief.
moderately	They are, however, only moderately successful.
modify	He turned to modify the army placement on the map.
modish	Its modish design makes it total different from all other watches.
modesty	It is considered essential to modesty to cover the head.
modifier	However, by adding a simple geographic modifier to your ad text, you will focus your ad displays on those pages that specifically serve the potential customers who are looking for the product that you offer.
modest	She collected a handful of the material in modest protest.
module	It is at the discretion of the module organizer.
modulate	Probiotic bacteria modulate the immune system and provide an ecological balance in the gut that excludes disease-causing microbes.
modulation	In addition to the nuances of pronunciation already alluded to, there is a semi-musical modulation.
modular	Cubes are by far the easiest three-dimensional forms to create using modular origami.
modulated	This includes probe linearity to pulse modulated and amplitude modulated signals, spherical isotropy, and spatial resolution.
mods	Mods include the fitment of a quality kit and full flip paint job.
mohammedan	The Mohammedan invasion (636), with the terrible persecutions of the following centuries, was the death-blow of Zoroastrianism.
modulus	It will be observed that in the first process the value of the modulus is in fact calculated from the formula.
modus	The physical investigation of osmotic pressure, and its correlation by Van't Hoff with the pressure of a gas, brought forward a new aspect of the phenomena, and suggested an identity of physical modus operandi as well as of numerical value.
moiety	His father, who belonged to an old Yorkshire family, held a moiety of the living of Malpas.
mohican	And Ah do n't gie a hoot, and Ah wear black boots and a crest o ' Mohican hair.
moist	Closing it behind her, she moved into the cool moist air.
moil	His prince, abating those points which are purely Italian or strongly tinctured with the author's personal peculiarities, prefigured the monarchs of the 16th and 17th centuries, the monarchs whose motto was L'e'tat c' est moil His doctrine of a national militia foreshadowed the system which has given strength in arms to France and Germany.
mohair	Rough woollen cloth and mohair are woven by the natives, who also make excellent fire-arms and other weapons.
mogul	Akbar the Great, the real founder of the Mogul empire as it existed for two centuries, was the contemporary of Queen Elizabeth of England.
moisten	She tried to moisten her lips with a dry tongue.
moistness	Cats adore the texture and moistness of wet food, and dry food is very good for their teeth.
mohawk	The portage at this place between the Mohawk river and Wood Creek, which are about 1 m.
mold	There will be inevitable consequences, which mold the future.
moisturize	Generally I only moisturize my face and my legs.
molasses	More than likely the bear had been attracted by the molasses in the grain.
molar	Thank goodness the molar nightmare was over.
moisture	He wiped moisture from his eyes.
mole	There is a mole about 90 ft.
molehill	I'm making a mountain out of a molehill.
molestation	In the Thirty Years' War Strassburg escaped without molestation by observing a prudent neutrality.
molester	The child molester was tied to a similar but stronger case.
molest	There is one enormous boa, the maja (Epicrates angulifer), which feeds on pigs, goats and the like, but does not molest man.
mollify	In order to mollify the Vatican he conceded the exequatur to forty-five bishops inimical to the Italian regime.
molecule	He studied the DNA molecule to see if the child was related to the man.
mollusc	A medusa with a remarkable habit of life is Mnestra parasites, which is parasitic on the pelagic mollusc Phyllirrhoe, attaching itself to the host by its subumbral surface; its tentacles, no longer required for obtaining food, have become rudimentary.
moll	The successor of Alchred was !Ethelred son of Moll !Ethelwald.
mollusk	Natural pearls form inside mollusk shells and are a type of calcium carbonate.
modification	Today, genetic modification efforts are much more directed.
molecular	Let us now imagine what degree of transparency of air is admitted by its molecular constituents, viz.
moloch	There is also the Moloch horridus of South and Western Australia, covered with tubercles bearing large spines, which give it a very strange aspect.
molt	After their next blood meal, they molt once again into the adult stage.
molybdenum	Molybdenum, in the form of molybdenite (sulphide of molybdenum), is found in Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria, associated in the parent state with tin and bismuth in quartz reefs.
momentarily	She looked him in the eye, the smile momentarily gone.
momenta	P. be the corresponding momenta.
molten	To the last is credited the first introduction of covered crucibles to protect the molten glass from the products of burning coal.
mollusca	Brachiopods have been at various times placed with the Mollusca, the Chaetopoda, the Chaetognatha, the Phoronidea, the Polyzoa, the Hemichordata, and the Urochordata.
momentary	There was a momentary vacillation even in Rome.
momentous	I waited until evening to make my momentous call to Agent Brennan.
momma	When the kid comes back from her momma's house, give me a buzz and I'll see if I have time to talk some truth into her.
monad	Each monad works out necessary results, but these flow from its own nature; and so in a sense it is free.
mommy	Go to Mommy, honey.
moment	For a moment he studied her face.
monarch	Under the kings of the third dynasty, the division of the kingdom among the sons of the dead monarch which had characterized the Merovingian and Carolingian dynasties, ceased.
molly	When I returned Molly was off to bed.
momentum	Using her momentum, he swung her over his head.
mon	This degree of precision is far beyond any we 1 Mon.
monadism	In his conception of finite personality he recurs to something like the monadism of Leibnitz.
monarchist	He made no attempt to hide his monarchist sympathies, and this, together with the way in which he reported the trial and death of Louis XVI., brought him in peril of his life; to avoid this danger he enlisted in the army, but after Thermidor he returned to Paris and to his newspaper work.
monarchism	Her current research is on popular monarchism in Russia in the seventeenth century.
monadology	Leib nitz's Monadology - which has little influence on his theism - may be viewed as a strong recoil from Spinoza's all-swallowing substance.
monarchical	Formerly a friend and disciple of Mazzini, with whom he had broken on the question of the monarchical form of government which Crispi believed indispensable to the unification of Italy, he had afterwards been one of Garibaldis most efficient coadjutors and an active member of the party of action.
monarchic	In later editions the title of this book was altered to Die Osmanen and die spanische Monarchic. It was now his ambition to continue his exploration of the new world thus opened to him.
monasticism	The views of the new Protestantism concerning monasticism are probably no less excessive than those of the old.
mom	Mom always had a good relationship with her sister and brother.
monetary	She hadn't helped any by turning their past problems into a monetary issue.
monetize	Google ads-This is one of the most popular ways to monetize a blog.
money	He said I could spend his money with a clear conscience.
monday	Monday came unwelcome for Carmen.
monde	The famous nebular hypothesis of Laplace made its appearance in the Systeme du monde.
monastic	The number of monastic institutions in the island is very small.
moneyed	They gleaned from her story that, as suspected, she came from a moneyed background.
mongering	There's a thin line between patriotism and hate mongering.
monger	The fact that this fame monger is engaged isn't really news.
monastery	The church of the Holy Trinity occupies the site of a Saxon monastery, which existed before 691, when the bishop of Worcester received it in exchange from Ethelred, king of Mercia.
mongoloid	The Burmese in person have the Mongoloid characteristics common to the Indo-Chinese races, the Tibetans and tribes of the Eastern Himalaya.
mongrel	It might be a mongrel, but we reckon it makes a pedigree chum.
mongolian	His great successor, Kublai Khan (1280-1294), rebuilt the town, which he called Yenking, and which became known in Chinese as Ta-tu, or great court, and in Mongolian as Khanbalik (Cambaluc), or city of the khan.
moniker	After having her around for a while, the group of friends gave the new girl a moniker.
mongoose	Some more or less immune creatures are the mongoose, the hedgehog and the pig, the secretary-bird, the honey buzzard, the stork and probably other snake-eaters.
mongol	China proper, minus these external provinces, was again united under the Sung dynasty (960-1127), but split into the northern (Tatar) and southern (Chinese) kingdoms. In the 13th century arose the Mongol power, and Kublai Khan conquered China.
monitor	As he lifted the computer monitor, he caught sight of a paper beneath it.
monistic	He is realistic and idealistic, individualistic and universalistic, monistic and dualistic, sensationalist and intellectualist, naturalist and supernaturalist, rationalist and mystic, gnostic and agnostic. He is the prince of the Vermittler in philosophy, ethics, religion and theology.
monist	Spinoza is a materialistic monist with an inconsistent touch of mysticism and a certain concession, more apparent than real, to the spiritual side of experience.
monition	On the 10th H of November 1572 the authors of the Ad- of Wands- monition set up at Wandsworth what has been.
monies	The report showed the monies owed.
monkey	Like being a mortal blood monkey is soooooooo far above lunchmeat!
monarchy	We are replacing monarchy with self-rule.
monism	His philosophy is an attempt to reconcile monism (Hegel) and individualism (Herbart) by means of theism (Leibnitz).
monkish	The Orthodox Church offers a characteristic mix of monkish asceticism, mystical exaltation, and a special cult of beauty.
monkery	Renunciation of the state of wedlock was anyhow imposed on the faithful during the lengthy, often lifelong, terms of penance imposed upon them for sins committed; and later, when monkery took the place, in a church become worldly, partly of the primitive baptism and partly of that rigorous penance which was the rebaptism and medicine of the lapsed, celibacy and virginity were held essential thereto, no less than renunciation of property and money-making.
monocle	He also sported a ridiculous monocle on his left eye.
monochromatic	Thus a monochromatic image of the sun is built up on the fixed photographic plate.
monoclinal	The great monoclinal fold which formed the eastern face of the east Australian highlands, west of Sydney, is of later age.
monk	Monk completed the subjugation of Scotland by 1654.
monochrome	If the image comes out monochrome, try printing from another program within Windows.
monitoring	Good. We've been monitoring the target for awhile.
monocotyledonous	Elodea is a member of the monocotyledonous natural order Hydrocharideae.
monoculture	At the highest level, species monoculture is difficult to change, at least in the short term.
monody	The most remarkable is the Monody on the Death of Chatterton and the Religious Musings.
monodic	There is some reason to hope that the day of these misconceptions is passed; although there is also some reason to fear that on other grounds the present era may be known to posterity as an era of instrumentation comparable, in its gorgeous chaos of experiment and its lack of consistent ideas of harmony and form, only to the monodic period at the beginning of the 17th century, in which no one had ears for anything but experiments in harmonic colour.
monogamy	The biggest part of a committed relationship is monogamy.
monocular	Some are binocular and some are just monocular.
monogram	In later banners the monogram was sometimes embroidered on the cloth.
monolithic	A pair of monolithic columns, disengaged, flank each facade.
monogamous	The lion appears to be monogamous, a single male and female continuing attached to each other irrespectively of the pairing season.
monolingual	You can choose from English to French translation dictionaries, French to English translation dictionaries, and monolingual (French-French or English-English) dictionaries.
monograph	Andersson, a Swede, spent nearly a quarter of a century in their investigation, and ultimately published a monograph which is the standard authority on the subject.
monolith	Near Kempoch point is a monolith of mica-schist, 6 ft.
monomial	The general monomial symmetric function is a P1 a P2 a P3.
monologue	There is more monologue than dialogue in this play.
monoplane	A high wing braced monoplane of partly metal structure.
monopolist	Like a private monopolist, the state regards surplus capacity as a waste, rather than being essential for choice.
monopolize	We find them also at war with many of these powers, and with the Genoese, who endeavoured to monopolize the commerce of the Black Sea.
monopolistic	The government of Spain, beginning in 1764, made notable breaches in the old monopolistic system of colonial trade throughout America; and Cuba received special privileges, also, that were a basis for real prosperity.
monorail	Curves in the monorail with a radius of more than 12 inches are safe.
monosyllabic	The words are mostly monosyllabic, making it easy to understand during a noisy game.
monotone	His answer was a monotone and a hug.
monotheistic	What weighed most with Sabellius was the monotheistic interest.
monotypic	Wettinia occurs in Peru, Trithrinax in Chile with the monotypic Jubaea, Juania, also monotypic, is confined to Juan Fernandez.
monotheist	Whether Xenophanes was a monotheist, whose assertion of the unity of God suggested to Parmenides the doctrine of the unity of Being, or a pantheist, whose assertion of the unity of God was also a declaration of the unity of Being, so that he anticipated Parmenides - in other words, whether Xenophanes's teaching was purely theological or had also a philosophical significance - is a question about which authorities have differed and will probably continue to differ.
monsieur	I will bring him to you directly, Monsieur Dessalles.
monsoon	It is to be noted that the climate of the islands of the Pacific becomes more and more healthy the farther they are from the monsoon region.
monster	That monster might have still been in the house!
monotheism	A rigid monotheism appeared to Plotinus a miserable conception.
monotony	Nothing could add to the sterility and the monotony of these mallee scrubs.
monstrosity	Oh, you have it fixed up nice, but don't you think it's a monstrosity?
monopoly	The state tobacco monopoly was abolished in 1817.
monotonous	Jonny's voice was coldly monotonous but soft.
montage	Make a montage of candid photos from graduation day for one of the pages.
monovalent	In these salts X = NO 2 and M = one atomic proportion of a monovalent metal, or the equivalent quantity of a divalent metal.
montagnard	Tallien attacked him with fury as a former Montagnard.
montane	Four fifths of Ethiopia's montane forests have been destroyed, and the destruction continues.
monstrously	Partly because of political and social divisions thus revealed, conspiracies being rife in the decade 1820-1830, and partly as preparation for the defence against Mexico and Colombia, who throughout these same years were threatening the island with invasion, the captains-general, in 1825, received the powers above referred to; which became, as time passed, monstrously in disaccord with the general tendencies of colonial government and with increasing liberties in Spain, but continued to be the spiritual basis of Spanish rule in the island.
monstrous	These figures were monstrous and incredible.'
monte	Monte Venda, their highest peak, is 1890 ft.
moo	The deposit is in places moo ft.
monumental	We were thrilled beyond words, a monumental success.
moon	The moon is full, the sky full of stars.
monthly	I will offer them monthly rations and housing at our Moscow estate.
moodily	Denisov was moodily silent all the evening.
moodiness	If your teen has been acting out, you may wonder if his/her behavior is really teen depression or simply normal adolescent moodiness.
monument	Her father moved to the center of the monument and looked around.
moody	The moody teenager was back.
moonlit	He shifted his attention to the window and stared out into the moonlit night.
mood	He'd been in a grumpy mood since he got up.
moonless	It was a dark moonless night and I was too far from town for streetlights.
moonscape	Today the site resembles a moonscape, following its destruction in the first millenium AD.
moonlight	Moonlight reflected off the red gem.
moor	Moor Trees, if you'll pardon the pun.
moonrise	The recumbent and both flankers are erect, and the recumbent is aligned on the major southern moonrise.
moonstruck	She starred in such films as Silkwood (for which she earned an Oscar nomination), Mask, The Witches of Eastwick, Suspect and Moonstruck (which earned her the Oscar for Best Actress in 1988).
moonshine	Anyone who expects a source of power from the transformation of these atoms is talking moonshine.
moorhen	A Moorhen ran across the dense vegetation, including the floating duckweed, that covered 98% of the stream.
moorings	Over 11,000 new marina berths are likely to be needed over the next decade to meet a shortage of inland waterway moorings.
moonstone	This piece is based around a pair of checkered wooden earrings featuring a blue moonstone cabochon.
mop	I'll gag him and mop up the blood, too.
mope	If you're feeling lonely, don't just sit home and mope.
moped	Later I bought a moped, and eventually a car.
month	But you have less than a month to go.
moose	Deer and moose are still found in the state.
mophead	Echinacea 'kim's mophead' is a distinctive looking Echinacea variety that is a wonderful addition to any wildflower garden or informal garden setting.
moraine	The great terminal moraine of the glacial epoch crosses the N.E.
moral	Our efforts sometimes produced moral dilemmas.
moot	The origin of these cells is a moot point.
moorland	East of Konitz is an extensive moorland, 70 m.
morale	Morale was low, and many had lost faith in Gabriel.
moralism	Thus the moralism sometimes traced in Hermas is apparent rather than real, for he has a deep sense of the enabling grace of God.
mopping	They were mopping their brows.
moralization	Though the moralization of gods has only proceeded pari passu with the moralization of mankind, the deities of the more advanced nations are perhaps felt by them to be more terrible and more difficult of access than the divinities of lower races; herein lies one explanation of the power of the priesthood.
moralistic	This, together with the influence of the different religions, created a very moralistic climate which was not always conducive to home care.
moquette	Internally the traditional straight staircase, stainless brightwork, polished wood and, downstairs, moquette were all retained.
moorish	The roof of the nave is of Moorish plaster work.
moralist	They are no clamorous expressions of anger at the discrepancies and contrasts of humanity, but plain, solemn pictures of conditions of life, which neither the politician nor the moralist can deny to exist, and which they are imperatively called upon to remedy.
morass	The river flowing into the valley caused a great, muddy morass.
moratorium	I want to declare a moratorium on further words.
morbid	He'd always had a morbid sense of humor, like hers.
morbidity	The perinatal morbidity was significantly higher in the GM group.
more	Flying cars, faster cars, more features in cars, we all get that.
morally	It was a big jump for someone so committed to being morally correct.
moreover	Texting while driving is dangerous; moreover, it’s illegal in some states.
mordant	Stannous chloride is largely used in the laboratory as a reducing agent, in dyeing as a mordant.
morgue	While Dean wasn't familiar with the city, the rental-car agent marked directions to the hospital morgue and he had no trouble locating it.
morganatic	As a counterblast to this the grand-duke Charles issued in 181 a pragmatic sanction (Hausgesetz) declaring the counts of Hochberg, the issue of a morganatic marriage between the grand-duke Charles Frederick and Luise Geyer von Geyersberg (created Countess Hochberg), capable of succeeding to the crown.
morning	In the morning she showered and dressed before he woke.
morel	Morel, wrinkling up his face, laughed too.
moribund	This was the high tide of its prosperity; in New York in 1833 the organization was moribund, and its.
morello	The peach, horse-chestnut, lilac, morello cherry, black currant, rhododendron and many other trees and shrubs develop flower-buds for the next season speedily after blossoming, and these may be stimulated into premature growth.
mores	He teaches them good manners and social mores, and he expects them to be just as well-behaved in private as they are in public.
morn	He wasn't pleased with you for missing his farewell this morn.
moron	She really had her guard up, causing him to wonder if some moron had just dumped her.
mormon	Four years later its population was about 15,000, and a large Mormon temple had been built, but internal dissensions arose, gentile hostility was aroused, the charter of Nauvoo was revoked in 1845, two of the leaders, Joseph Smith and his brother Hyrum, were killed at Carthage, the county-seat, by a mob, and in 1846 the sect was driven from the state.
moro	But the government of Milan remaned in the hands of this youths uncle, Lodovico, surnamed II Moro.
morose	His face suddenly took on a morose expression.
moroccan	The lower portion of the Moroccan Atlas (sometimes called the Middle Atlas), extending north - east and east from an undefined point to the north of the Great Atlas to near the frontier of Algeria, is crossed by the pass from Fez to Tafilalt.
morpheme	However, a small group of verbs have no argument that corresponds to this agreement morpheme.
morpheus	In Italy Houdon had lived in the presence of that second Renaissance with which the name of Winckelmann is associated, and the direct and simple treatment of the Morpheus which he sent to the Salon of 1771 bore witness to its influence.
morality	He wasn't known for his morality or virtues.
morphing	I've heard of wolves morphing in dire situations, but always thought they were just stories.
morphinism	A violent paroxysm of asthma may be arrested by the administration of morphine subcutaneously, but the practice should not be continued, as there is great danger in a chronic disease that the patient may become the victim of morphinism.
morphology	Morphology becomes a farce when such assumptions are made.
morphia	By mixing assayed samples he is able to produce an opium containing uniformly 10% of morphia.
morocco	The eastern division of the Atlas, which forms the backbone of Algeria and Tunisia, is adequately known with the exception of the small portion in Morocco forming the province of Er-Rif.
morphologically	This doubtless would be an advantage morphologically, though for human descriptive anatomy the present nomenclature is not likely to be altered.
mort	Mort's dock, another large dry dock, is at Mort's Bay, Balmain, while there are five floating docks with a combined lifting power of 3895 tons, and the three patent slips in Mort's Bay can raise between them 3040 tons.
morsel	But the occluding callus is a mass of delicate succulent cells, and offers a dainty morsel to certain insects e.g.
morrow	Another effort was made on the morrow to complete the operation.
morse	A complete system of signalling by night and day on the Morse system is worked by the police.
morphine	The remedy most trusted to in this disease is opium and its alkaloids, morphine and codeine.
morphological	This has had a most important effect on the development in recent years of morphological anatomy.
mortally	One step in a hole and she could lie out here mortally wounded with no one to know.
mortgagee	It is proof of the legal mortgagee 's right to the security.
morris	It has windows by La Farge, William Morris, Burne-Jones and others.
mortification	Catherine, in deep mortification, proceeded on her way.
mortality	There are numerous venomous serpents, but the mortality from snake-bite is low.
mortgagor	It may be noted that it is still common to insert in mortgage deeds what is called an attornment clause, by which the mortgagor attorns tenant to the mortgagee, and the latter thereupon acquires a power of distress as an additional security.
mortise	The tenon is shaped so that it fits into a matching rectangular cavity called a mortise.
mortgage	They were originally of the nature of mortgage bonds on the national lands.
mortifying	He harried the Limousin and laid siege to the castle of Chalus; while directing an assault he was wounded in the shoulder by a crossbow bolt, and, the wound mortifying from unskilful treatment or his own want of care, he died on the 6th of April 1199.
mortice	French windows should have one pair of key mounted mortice security bolts or key operated surface mounted bolts.
mos	Molybdenum occurs in nature chiefly as the minerals molybdenite (MoS 2) and wulfenite (PbMo04), and more rarely as molybdic ochre (Moos) and ilsemannite; it also occurs in many iron ores.
mortmain	This was St Bernard's College, founded by Chicheley under licence in mortmain in 1437 for Cistercian monks, on the model of Gloucester Hall and Durham College for the southern and northern Benedictines.
mosey	I think I'll mosey up to New England.
mosquito	She held up clothing covered in mosquito netting.
moselle	Est (uniting Meuse with Moselle and Saflne)..
mortuary	Andrea, where he had painted the altar-piece of the mortuary chapel.
mortar	The stones were laid without mortar, and many of them are still in situ.
most	Most people will tell you anything you want to know.
mostly	She kept mostly to her room.
mote	Look, is there room here for a single mote?
mosaic	The mosaic representing Christ surrounded by the four-and-twenty elders, which originally lined the cupola, had almost entirely perished by the 19th century, but was restored in 1882 from a copy made in the 17th century.
moss	The man with eyes the color of the moss in his room materialized from the shadows.
mosque	Her mosque was built in 1418.
moth	In a single season Aberdeenshire suffered nearly 90,000 worth of damage owing to the ravages of the diamond back moth on the root crops; in New York state the codling moth caused a loss of $3,000,000 to apple-growers.
mossy	The place smelled like a mossy garden.
mot	Shops are conjectured in the forum and elsewhere, but were mot numerous.
motherboard	However, How can I replace the motherboard in my PC without having to reinstall Windows XP?
mortal	I am not pleased by these mortal plants.
motherland	They are now mature men and women, working on various fronts for the development of our beloved motherland .
motel	He picked out a motel room key.
motet	Accordingly, Palestrina and his great contemporaries and predecessors treated the Gloria and Credo in a style midway in polyphonic organization and rhythmic breadth between that of the elaborate motet (adopted in the Sanctus) and the homophonic reciting style of the Litany.
motherly	In nearly all George Sand's loves there was a strong strain of motherly feeling.
motile	Polarity is clearly seen in Vibrio cholerae, a highly motile pathogen that swims by rapidly rotating a single polar flagellum.
motherhood	Deciding to give up motherhood was the hard part.
moslem	The Moslem element predominated in the principal towns, of which the population was - Candia, 21,368; Canea, 13,812; Retimo, 9274.
motivate	I'm in no rush, though I do have a plan to motivate you.
motivation	Determination was her motivation to stand up to the bully.
motility	Motility stimulants Cisapride is the one stimulant that is well studied, with a principal effect on oesophageal acid clearance.
motif	Candle pieces will also help to build up the motif.
motionless	He lay motionless on the ground.
mother	I live with my mother and daughter.
motorbike	Designed from the ground up to be a mini racing motorbike.
motorcycle	However, talented artists can usually blend designs together with little to no problem.The person who is nervous about adding a fairy to a motorcycle tattoo may want to give a temporary tattoo a test drive before doing anything permanent.
motorcade	The presidential motorcade was traveling through the main business area of the city.
motorcyclist	The police input will involve a number of police motorcyclists and a collision investigator who is also a keen motorcyclist.
motley	In size they are less than half that of a large wolf and are of a motley sandy colour.
motored	We motored by moderately maintained modest houses and empty spaces before turning onto the main street.
motoring	Motoring or driving coat, 4 length.
motion	She shook her head and the motion brought on a dizzy spell.
motorist	A passing motorist helped her get out of the window.
motto	The ribbon is red with the motto For Love and Fatherland in silver letters.
motorway	The object, which was likened in size to a commercial airliner, slowly rotated above the quiet motorway.
mottled	Dustin's face was a mottled mess of emotions.
motorized	A Wild Tail Motorized Ball Cat Toy is the next-best-thing to live prey, and is certainly a more humane toy for your cat to entertain itself with.
mould	A bottle mould rises and envelops the mass of molten glass.
mottle	Soap made with food coloring can fade or mottle, and some food dyes may react strangely with your soap.
motive	She hadn't thought about his feelings or motive to help.
motor	I found out where Byrne bought the motor home.
mound	There is an ancient Indian mound here.
mount	Bordeaux turned his mount to walk beside her.
mountain	The cool mountain air made her shiver.
mouldy	A little ventilation is necessary to keep them from getting mouldy; but a hot, dry atmosphere must also be avoided, as the tubers might shrivel in it.
mountaineering	These mountaineering folk talked a different language.
mountainous	Wild boars are also found in mountainous and forest districts.
mountaineer	At least one of the victims was an experienced mountaineer.
moulding	Between the pediment and the cornice a thick corded moulding is carried round the main building.
mourn	No one would mourn her.
mournful	At the mournful note in her voice, he hugged her tightly.
mournfully	After a moment she added, mournfully, I fear some people's lives are just like Ginger's.
mountainside	They Transported to the mountainside again, and the cold wind swept past him.
mourner	This is seven days of passionate mourning during which time community members see to it that the mourner can focus on their grief.
moult	It bores through and enters the developing seed, where it undergoes a moult and becomes legless.
motorola	Just sitting with the wonderfully elaborate box that the handset ships in made me forget my once embarrassing lust for the Motorola phone.
mourning	She showered and left her room, mourning the loss of her last good friend.
moustache	He smiled beneath his handlebar moustache, a scene from the old west.
mousetrap	He does not have to build a better mousetrap.
mouth	Carmen's mouth went dry with fear.
mouser	Keep an eye out for the Statue of Towser the Cat - the world champion mouser.
mounting	The officer, mounting his horse, rode off to someone else.
mousse	Desserts include chocolate mousse, apple fritters, custard and fruits.
mouthed	She mouthed, he watched it happen!
mouthy	He exchanged harsh words and occasionally fisticuffs with fellow mouthy mavericks like Spike Lee, Oliver Stone and producer Don Murphy.
mouthful	She choked down a mouthful of food.
mouthwash	Sage and Echinacea tinctures can be used as an effective mouthwash.
move	I just want to move on.
mouthwatering	I walked in and smelled something mouthwatering.
mouse	Look, I'll be quiet as a mouse and cause no trouble.
mouthpiece	The two outer pieces are swelled at one end to take an iron mouthpiece.
movement	She started to put the pillow down and caught the movement in the mirror from the corner of her eye.
moveable	Its walls will be moveable by a professional, so it can be redesigned in a day.
movable	The horses were eating oats from their movable troughs and sparrows flew down and pecked the grains that fell.
moving	Things were moving a little fast.
mover	She probably had a mover scheduled and forgot to mention it.
mow	Be careful not to mow the grass too short in fall.
moxa	This Pravila (code) was probably the work of the historian Moxa or Moxalie.
mozzarella	The menu items include dishes such as fried shrimp, mozzarella sticks and onion rings.
moxie	Spanx is a quintessential American success story of ingenuity and stick-to-it moxie.
mounted	He mounted and gazed down at her a moment.
mpg	My gut feeling from many years of varied vehicles is that 30 mpg is fine for this auto vehicle.
mower	Kind of like a mower, only they drag it behind a tractor.
movie	Deidre watched the movie in both fascination and fear.
mrs	Jackson asked, How long are you here, Mrs. Sidwell?
mp	The reason for this is readily seen; if a mass M of any gas occupies a volume V at a temperature T (on the absolute scale) and a pressure P, then its absolute density under these conditions is O = M/V; if now the temperature and pressure be changed to l and P,, the volume V l under these conditions is VPT/PIT1, and the absolute density is MP,T/VPT I.
mst	In the early 2000s, a new systems theory, multisystemic therapy (MST), has been applied to family therapy and is practiced most often in a home-based setting for families of children and adolescents with serious emotional disturbances.
much	How much did you pay for it?
mpc	In the past, Professor Nickell has proved a bellwether for future action by the MPC.
msc	I've not heard of people having to do an MSc in nutrition before studying postgrad dietetics.
mu	Similarly in the case of the sign MU, which, besides signifying name as above pointed out, is also the Sumerian word for give, and therefore may be read iddin, he gave, from nadanu, or may be read nadin, giver ; and when, as actually happens, a name occurs in which the first element is the name of a deity followed by MU-MU, a new element of doubt is introduced through the uncertainty whether the first MU is to be taken as a form of the verb nadanu and the second as the noun shumu, name, or vice versa.
mucilage	Lemon juice is fermented for some time to free it from mucilage, then boiled 2 Cf.
muck	This here's the phone number of the current muck amuck.
mucilaginous	On storing, moisture and mucilaginous matter gradually settle out.
ms	Clara couldn't be expected to know she hated being called Ms.
mr	Mr Bentham did not talk much.
mud	Thunder rumbled again and a cold drop of rain gnawed at the mud on her cheek.
muckle	The NLS text has the word ane after muckle which clearly scans better for reading.
mucky	Be careful on these minor roads as they may get mucky in the winter.
mt	Loretto School, one of the foremost public schools in Scotland, occupies the site of the chapel of Our Lady of Loretto, which was founded in 1534 by Thomas Duthie, a hermit from Mt Sinai.
mucous	In cases where diarrhoea is very obstinate and lasts for weeks, sulphuric acid is sometimes more efficacious than alkalis; and in chronic colics it may be necessary to treat the mucous membrane by local application of astringent solutions.
muddle	Muddle the berries by crushing them with the sugar to release the juices.
muddy	The roads were muddy, and they went slowly.
mucus	These are expelled along with mucus by the sneezing of the host.
mudguard	Joe's bike has a fat rear mudguard, mine doesn't.
muezzin	Passing a mosque we could hear the muezzin calling the people to prayer.
mug	He set the coffee mug on the counter.
muffler	A shielded muffler that will direct heat and noise away from you.
muffin	He smiled but reached for a fresh muffin instead.
mss	There are several early MSS.
mugger	It was not a good day for crime for the mugger as the erstwhile crime fighter - Jack Osbourne - soon overtook him.
muesli	There is also organic muesli, bran ond cereals.
muff	I have also bought the matching travel muff for the winter time.
muffle	Muffle furnaces are suitable for fine ores which are liable to decrepitate or sinter.
mulching	Harrows and cultivators are used where there are few weeds, and the mulching process is the one desired.
mulatto	Each census gave the gender, age and a designation of black or mulatto.
mufti	When this is put to the mufti, the answer will be simply Yes, and from this decision there is no appeal, so that the mufti is supreme judge in his own district.
muggy	The Atlanta night was muggy and dark; a thin layer of smog trapped the city's light and made the sky glow an eerie yellow-orange.
mule	The average height of a mule is 122 hands.
mull	She didn't have much time alone to mull their conversation or her troubled thoughts.
mullion	The Jesse window in the choir of Dorchester Abbey, Oxfordshire, is remarkable in that the tree forms the central mullion, and many of the figures are represented as statuettes on the branches of the upper tracery; other figures are in the stained glass; the whole gives a beautiful example of the combination of glass and carved stonework in one design.
multi	It is common for a piece to serve multi purposes.
mulch	Constant hoeing or harrowing to maintain a natural soil mulch layer of 2 or 3 in.
mullet	The people are employed in fishing for coral and sponges, as well as for bream, mullet and other fish.
mullah	In 1908-1909, however, fighting was renewed, the mullah and the Mijertins failing to agree.
multichannel	Included are a map of the lake and associated rift basins; a multichannel seismic reflection line; and sediment core analyzes.
multicolor	You can get this design in multicolor, blue, or orange.
muller	The son of a miller, his name originally was Johann Muller, but he called himself, from his birthplace, Joh.
multidimensional	Drawn by a mysterious force, they work together to stop a couple of multidimensional spirits that they accidentally released into their realm.
multicultural	The goal of multicultural education is to help students understand and appreciate cultural differences and similarities and to recognize the accomplishments of diverse ethnic, racial, and socioeconomic groups.
multifarious	Her life was as strange and adventurous as any of her novels, which are for the most part idealized versions of the multifarious incidents of her life.
multiform	There are over fifty of these vases, of multiform shapes.
multilingual	This is a multilingual dictionary covering English, Italian, French, German, Spanish, Russian, and Turkish.
multinational	More and more companies have become multinational and have spread their manufacturing facilities across the globe.
multilateral	China has played an active role in multilateral diplomacy.
multimillionaire	A London electrician became a lottery multimillionaire by using serial numbers on cranes at a foundry where he has worked for almost 50 years.
multimedia	Multimedia such as sound and video can also be easily added.
multinomial	A multinomial consisting of two or of three terms is a binomial or a trinomial.
multipartite	A semicomplete multipartite digraph with no cycle of length two is a multipartite tournament.
multiplex	In the later years of his life he was engaged in developing a system of multiplex telegraphy.
multiplicand	The table of multiples will then be as in C. The next step is to arrange the multiplier and the multiplicand above the partial products.
multiplier	When Both The Numbers Are Large, We Split Up One Of Them, Preferably The Multiplier, Into Separate Portions.
multiplicity	It was this multiplicity of activities and interests that proved fatal to him.
multiplicative	The use of a multiplicative prefix does not affect the alphabetical order of components attached at the same level.
multipolar	In Aeginopsis a planula is formed by multipolar immigration.
multipurpose	Most block sets are multipurpose play and teaching toys for growing kids.
multitude	This is a charity that hides a multitude of sins.
multiplication	The addition and multiplication of these signed real numbers is suitably defined, and it is proved that the usual arithmetic of such numbers follows.
multiply	Machines multiply our labor and increase our ability to do work.
multiple	Let's make it multiple choice.
multitasking	Try doing one thing at a time rather than multitasking.
multitudinous	There was a moment of sinister silence, then a multitudinous stirring of the leaves.
mum	Fred continued to be mum about the trial.
mumble	At first I couldn't understand Howie's mumble but then it became clearer.
multivariate	Age was the only significant factor by multivariate analyzes, with older patients having lower platelet counts at 1 year posttreatment.
mummification	What the Egyptians really thought of mummification can only be partially guessed.
multivitamin	These berries are almost like a multivitamin on a tree!
mummy	A word may be added about the use of mummy in medicine.
munch	I'm off to relieve myself and munch a cucumber sandwich.
mumps	They say that mumps rarely causes sterility.
mundane	It was difficult returning to our mundane life after our weekend high.
munificent	He was a munificent patron of men of letters, who came in large numbers to his court.
muniment	He had been fortunate in obtaining the aid of Don Pascual de Gayangos, then professor of Arabic literature at Madrid, by whose offices he was enabled to obtain material not only from the public archives of Spain but from the muniment rooms of the great Spanish families.
mungo	At that period geographers regarded the Senegal as the termination of the Niger, a theory held until Mungo Park's demonstration of the eastward course of that stream.
munificence	To the munificence of its citizens the town owes many of its finest public buildings.
muniments	Froissart errs in describing this knight as Thomas, lord of Berkeley, for the covenant made in 1360 for the release of Maurice is still among the Berkeley muniments, the ransom being stated at 1080.
murder	The murder happened days, maybe weeks ago.
municipality	The municipality owns its water-works and its electric-lighting plant.
mure	In 1803 he was appointed commander-in-chief in Scotland, and in 1804 he married Flora Mure Campbell, countess of Loudoun in her own right.
murderess	She was brought back to England and imprisoned alongside the celebrated Victorian murderess, Florence Maybrick.
munition	The influence of the Italian towns did not make itself greatly felt till after the end of the First Crusade, when it made possible the foundation of a kingdom in Jerusalem, in addition to the three principalities established by Bohemund, Baldwin and Raymond; but during the course of the Crusade itself the Italian ships which hugged the shores of Syria were able to supply the crusaders with provisions and munition of war, and to render help in the sieges of Antioch and Jerusalem.4 Sea-power had thus some influence in determining the victory of the crusaders.
municipal	A red brick municipal building stood at the far end of the street ahead of us.
mural	In restoring this church curious mural paintings were discovered.
muriatic	Under the head of oxidable or acidifiable substances, the combination of which with oxygen yielded acids, were placed sulphur, phosphorus, carbon, and the muriatic, fluoric and boracic radicles.
murky	Today was very murky, I was surprised the pics came out at all.
murmur	I heard a voice murmur in my ear.
murderer	That murderer confessed to the authorities.
murk	The murk remaining in the lagar is then pressed by means of a lever or beam press with which this vessel is fitted.
murrain	Thus the modern Hindu, though using civilized means for lighting his household fires, retains the savage fire-drill for obtaining fire by friction of wood when what he considers pure or sacred fire has to be produced for sacrificial purposes; while in Europe into modern times the same primitive process has been kept up in producing the sacred and magical need-fire, which was lighted to deliver cattle from a murrain.
murderous	We can't suppose the knife was originally taken with any murderous intent.
muscle	Every muscle in her body was sore.
murex	The gland has been found in both sub-orders of the Pectinibranchia, in Cyclostoma and Cypraea among the Taenioglossa, in Hemifusus, Cassis, Nassa, Murex, Fasciolariidae, Turbinellidae, Olividae, Marginellidae and Conidae among the Stenoglossa.
muse	My Muse may be excused if she is silent henceforth.
murphy	Murphy? he called to a uniformed officer.
museum	I heard we had a nice museum in the cellar.
muscat	Bahrein, Kuwet and Muscat are in steam communication with India, and the Persian Gulf ports; all the great lines of steamships call at Aden on their way between Suez and the East, and regular services are maintained between Suez, Jidda, Hodeda and Aden, as well as to the ports on the African coast, while native coasting craft trade to the smaller ports on the Red Sea and Indian Ocean.
mushrooming	The growing popularity of Internet shopping has brought with it a mushrooming consumer buyers guide marketplace.
muscovite	The Muscovite tsars had pursued them with fire and sword.
music	Would you start the music for me?
musculature	From these tracts a plexus of nerve-fibres is developed in connexion with the musculature and cuticle.
musician	They were sons of a musician and poet, Jonas Columbus (1586-1663).
mush	In the later Armenian tradition we find other notices of this celebrated man' - such as, that he was the nephew of Mesrob, that he was publicly complimented by the emperor Marcian, that he had been ordained bishop of Bagrewand by the patriarch Giut, and that he was buried in the church of the Apostolic Cloister at Mush in the district of Taron; but these accounts must be received with great caution.
mushy	The snow is getting mushy.
mused	Jackson mused, that must be natural.
mushroom	Star dishesat my local restaurant include the mushroom napoleon, red snapper with a semolina crust, and braised lamb shank.
musicology	Andreas Mayer Andreas Mayer studied musicology, sociology and history of science in Vienna, Paris and Cambridge.
musket	He grasped a musket and took aim at the French.
musk	She smelled of her own musk, strands of hair escaping her braid to tickle his face.
musky	The musky odour from which the animal takes its name does not appear to be due to the secretion of any gland.
musing	There was no quiet time of musing.
musketry	The French cannon did not reach there and the musketry fire sounded far away.
mussel	They include oysters, crabs of great size, and a small mussel, found in enormous numbers.
muslim	My life as a Muslim began to unravel quickly.
muslin	They were both dressed in white muslin with pink ribbons.
musquash	The Russian musquash is very small, 7X4 in., and is limited in numbers compared to the brown.
must	We must not be late.
muss	Like the Hollywood ' do n't muss the make-up dahling ' greeting that celebrities exchange for the benefit of the photographers.
mustang	Megan immediately recognized the shiny blue mustang when it emerged from the brush that bordered the drive.
mustache	Oh, how strange you are with that mustache and those eyebrows!...
muster	All I could muster was a thank you.
mustard	A few crops, such as mustard, seem deleterious to them.
mutate	This allows the bacteria to overwhelm the medication, mutate, and become more resistant to it.
mutation	There's never been a mutation like this in the history of our people.
mutable	I think that some of our human nature is mutable, but changing it is a very long-term project.
mutability	His cosmology was an assertion not so much of the immutability of the One as rather of the mutability of the Many.
mute	He covered one ear to mute the passing traffic.
mussulman	It was this exemption, threatening the very foundations of the Mussulman government, that finally led to a rupture with the nawab.
musty	The stones were dark, the air musty, the ceiling low.
muscular	The warmth of his muscular chest was like a magnet.
mutant	About one person in 30,000 has the genetic defect that causes Wilson's disease, while about 1.1 percent of the general population are carriers of the mutant gene.
mutilation	It has, however, suffered mutilation in a few places.
musical	So, Elisabeth gets her musical talent from you.
muteness	My guess is Donnie's muteness may be far more complicated.
mutilate	As the Hebrews did not mutilate any of their animals, bulls were in common use.
mutter	She cursed, her mutter fading away as she tested her body.
mutinous	All this, and the almost mutinous discontent of his generals and his enemies of the court circle, shook his resolution of acting as anvil for the Russians, of whose delay also he was aware, and about the 8th of Octoberhedetermined to march out north-eastward across the French lines of communication and save his sovereign's army by taking refuge if necessary in Saxony.
muttering	Muttering to herself, she sat down on a chair.
mutt	The time she spent with the little mutt turned her thoughts from sadness to happiness.
mutiny	In an instant the mutiny became a revolution.
mutism	On the 3rd day of readmission... Mr Brown has developed severe myoclonic jerks alternating with akinetic mutism.
my	But I warn you, if you don't tell me that this means war, if you still try to defend the infamies and horrors perpetrated by that Antichrist--I really believe he is Antichrist--I will have nothing more to do with you and you are no longer my friend, no longer my 'faithful slave,' as you call yourself!
mutton	The first successful cargo of frozen mutton from Australia was also brought by a Bell-Coleman machine in 1879.
mutually	The two ideals are counter posed and mutually excltisive.
myalgia	Other symptoms can include myalgia, headache and diarrhea (3 ).
muzzle	The wolf licked her muzzle then approached Sarah and sat in front of her staring.
mycelial	In the disease of the scalp called favus, Schonlein had discovered a minute mycelial fungus; a remarkable discovery, for it was the first conspicuous step in the attribution of diseases to the action of minute parasites.
mycelium	The mycelium spreads through the green parts of the plant, attacking the leaves, twigs and unripe grapes.
mycological	The primary outcome measured in all trials was mycological cure.
mycology	These sessions were followed by sessions on biotechnology and medical mycology.
mutual	We agreed on our mutual commitment.
myelitis	Since then I have had flares which CNS symptoms including myelitis, extreme weakness and paresthesias in my legs.
myocardium	The greater part of the heart wall is composed of muscle called myocardium.
myopic	He needs to be admonished not to have a mind which is narrow or myopic.
myocarditis	Coxsackie B virus causes myocarditis and might endanger the pig heart in an immune suppressed recipient of a xenograft.
myself	I'm going to make myself a sandwich and get back to work.
myopia	Concave Lenses are used in the treatment of myopia or shortsight.
mysterious	They still had something mysterious and exciting to explore.
mystic	No mystic ever worked with warmer zeal than Mill.
mystical	Read the mystical book I am sending you; it has an enormous success here.
myosotis	A characteristic feature is the one-sided (dorsiventral) inflorescence, well illustrated in forget-me-not and other species of Myosotis; the cyme is at first closely coiled, becoming uncoiled as the flowers open.
myrtle	The weeping-willow, myrtle, elm, cypress and eucalyptus are also used in the gardens and plantations.
myrrh	The myrrh mentioned in Gen.
myriad	A myriad of emotions flooded over Dean as Corday spoke.
mythical	The town is delightful; much nicer than a mythical Idaho location they'd like me to believe.
mystique	Media hype has invested IT with a very alluring mystique.
mystification	In the 3rd century this love of mystification reached the pitch of hiding even the gospels from the unclean eyes of pagans.
mysticism	Mysticism did not cease within the Catholic Church at the Reformation.
mythic	The bird, however, was probably a mythic, extra-natural bird.
mythologic	Roscher (Nektar and Ambrosia, 1883; see also his article in Roscher's Lexikon der Mythologic) nectar and ambrosia were originally only different forms of the same substance - honey, regarded as a dew, like manna, fallen from heaven, which was used both as food and drink.
mystery	I like a mystery without dead bodies.
mythological	It is true that the serpent of Eden has mythological affinities.
mythopoeic	No king of Scotland could dream of executing such a coup d'etat; the authority for it is that mythopoeic earl of Arran who later became regent, and told the fable to Henry's agent, Sir Ralph Sadleyr.
myth	At last the myth stopped being repeated.
myxoedema	It wastes in the disease known as myxoedema, and the above product gathers in the tissues, in that disease, to such an extent as to give rise to what has been termed a solid oedema.
myxedema	People whose hypothyroidism remains undiagnosed and untreated may eventually develop myxedema.
nab	Nab a bunny and you unlock one of the games.
naacp	In the movie, Halle will play the lead attorney for the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational fund.
myxomatosis	As mosquitoes were already known to mechanically transmit myxomatosis, the team used this disease as a model system.
nabob	In a temperate and learned speech, based on Fox's declaration against constitution-mongering, he supported both the enfranchising and the disfranchising clauses, and easily disposed of the cries of corporation robbery, nabob representation, opening for young men of talent, &c. The following year (1832) found Campbell solicitor-general, a knight and member for Dudley, which he represented till 1834.
nacho	You will also find snack products such as pizza snacks and nacho snacks.
nacreous	Special deposits of the nacreous matter around foreign bodies form pearls, the foreign nucleus being usually of parasitic origin (see Pearl).
nacelle	An upwind machine has the blades in front of the nacelle with respect to the wind flow.
naevi	The liquor sodii ethylatis is a powerful caustic and is used to destroy small naevi and warts.
nag	But our neighbor, Johnson, is sending the nag to Exeter for the use of a lady who is to ride back with me.
nagging	It's just another nagging question.
nacre	The zone of the external surface of the mantle within the edge secretes a layer formed of prisms of calcite; the rest of the epithelium from this zone to the apex secretes the inner layer of the shell, composed of successive laminae; this is the nacreous layer, and in certain species has a commercial value as nacre or mother-of-pearl.
nadir	This treaty, which constituted the kingdom of Westphalia and the duchy of Warsaw, registers the nadir of Prussia's humiliation under Napoleon.
nail	He flicked his nail against the pad of his thumb.
naff	However, this ends up looking pretty naff under Windows XP, it has to be said.
mythology	It precedes the green and flowery spring, as mythology precedes regular poetry.
nailing	Tools for riveting, nailing or screwing or removing rivets, nails, screws or similar uses.
naivety	Critics of the corporation are often chided for their naivety.
naively	These ideas are then passed down to those of us who naively transform it, for better or for worse.
name	Her name is Allie.
nakedness	It was then he began the slow realization that it was not his beloved wife who spooned against his back in nakedness, sharing his bed!
naive	When she was young and naive, she had dreamed of such a job.
namely	There are four sections in the game, namely, drawing, guarding, trailing and driving.
namesake	I hope I shall see you and my beautiful namesake some time.
nakedly	Hincmar of Reims and Haimo of Halberstadt, took the side of Paschasius, and affirmed that the substance of the bread and wine is changed, and that God leaves the colour, taste and other outward properties out of mercy to the worshippers, who would be overcome with dread if the underlying real flesh and blood were nakedly revealed to their gaze !
naja	The snake, however, to which the word asp has been most commonly applied is undoubtedly the haje of Egypt, the spy-slange or spitting snake of the Boers (Naja haje), one of the very poisonous Elarinae, from 3 to 4 ft.
nameless	God is the nameless and supra-essential One,.
nameable	All categorical judgment is an unconditional belief in the fact, signified by the copula, that a thing of some sort is (or is not) determined; but some categorical judgments are also beliefs that the thing is an existing thing, signified either by the subject or by the predicate, while others are not beliefs that the thing exists at all, but are only beliefs in something conceivable, or nameable, or in something or other, without particularizing what.
nap	We can still get a nap before morning.
n	According to the electromagnetic theory of light K = N2, where N is the refractive index for rays of infinite wave-length.
nano	Chile saltpetre, cubic nitre or sodium nitrate, NaNO,, occurs under the same conditions as ordinary saltpetre in deposits covering immense areas in South America, which are known locally as caliche or terra salitrosa, and abound especially in the provinces of Tarapaca and Antofagasta in Chile.
napalm	A platform which stands a few feet above napalm, torture, exploitation, poison gas, nuclear bombs, the works.
nanny	When my Sister and I were young we had an Irish nanny for a while who could be rather beastly at times.
napkin	In ten minutes the table was ready and a napkin spread on it.
nape	Her forehead rested in the nape of his neck, and she focused on the steady, slow rhythm of his heartbeat.
naphthalene	Bamberger, on the other hand, extends his views on benzene and naphthalene and assumes the molecule to be (1).
nanosecond	In a nanosecond she realized that the snake was going to strike.
naphtha	At the present time the choice lies practically only between the two solvents, carbon bisulphide and naphtha (petroleum ether).
nancy	She had a trunk and clothes for Nancy, and her comment was, Now Nancy will go to party.
napper	In October 1791 Tone converted these ideas into practical policy by founding, in conjunction with Thomas Russell (1767-1803), Napper Tandy and others, the society of the United Irishmen.
narcissistic	She's drop-dead gorgeous but she is also self-serving, narcissistic and a little nasty.
narcissus	Narcissus, which includes all daffodils are among the most popular of all garden plants.
narcissism	I would like to consider whether there might be such a thing as philosophical narcissism.
narcissi	The hoop-petticoat narcissi, sometimes separated as the genus Corbularia, are not more than from 3 to 6 in.
narcotic	Other sedative or narcotic agents may also be used.
narcosis	In all cases there is a longer or shorter period of excitement, followed by intoxication or narcosis, and with large doses this passes into paralysis and death from depression of the respiratory centre or of the heart.
naked	I won't say no to being so close to a naked woman.
narcolepsy	My usual symptoms were extreme tiredness to the point I was convinced I had narcolepsy.
narrate	Add cartoon speech bubbles to the photos to narrate the pages.
narrow	He pointed to a set of narrow stairs.
narration	Jared into action by his words, she launched into her narration about the safari animals they were observing.
napoleon	Impelled by his convictions and talent, supported by the emperor Napoleon III.
narrows	Stormy weather caused some delays in continuing the programme, but heavily armed vessels 'made their way a short distance up channel on several days early in March and engaged some of the enemy works that were sited about the Narrows.'
nasa	I spoke respectfully, but said that NASA should reach out and use their brilliance to reach out to the people they weren’t reaching, because they could be leaving an Einstein behind.
narrator	The name is taken by the narrator of Gen.
narwhal	As a rule, the teeth of the two sides of the jaws are alike in number and character, except in cases of accidental or abnormal variation, and in the tusks of the narwhal, in which the left is of immense size, and the right rudimentary.
narrowness	This church is remarkable for its exceeding narrowness in proportion to its length.
narrowly	Consumed by agonizing defeat, she whirled and started down the stairs, narrowly missing Denton.
nascent	Our freedom remains nascent, sometimes perverted, often trivialized.
nasty	He was a cruel and nasty man.
natality	In England, the decrease in natality is in itself enough to account for the decline in the death-rate, apart from any considerations of improved hygiene.
nates	A great portion of the ground within the wall lines is not occupied by buildings, especially in the north-western quarter; and even in the more populous parts of the city, near the river, a considerable space between the houses is occupied by gardens, where pomegr a nates, figs, oranges, lemons and date-palms grow in great abundance, so that the city, when seen at a distance, has the appearance of rising out of the midst of trees.
nasturtium	Tomatoes are best helped by basil, oregano, onions, chives, and nasturtium.
nation	It was purchased for the nation in 1892.
narrative	The narrative affected her greatly when first she listened to it.
nationalism	Nationalism is on the decline.
natatory	They may, however, be natatory as in many Ostracoda and Copepoda, or prehensile, as in some Copepoda.
nationally	My 1st record for the species, which is nationally scarce.
nasal	Nasal bones expanded posteriorly.
nationwide	The guy driving is wanted nationwide for a number of murders!
nationalization	Lugard, and recommended a declaration in favour of the nationalization of the lands of the Protectorate.
nationalize	His formula was to royalize France and to nationalize the monarchy.
nativity	She assured Jerome that, in the church of the Nativity at Bethlehem, she beheld, with the eye of faith, the Christ-child wrapped in swaddling clothes (Ep. 108, 10).
nationalist	Come what may, the nationalist will stick by his country.
nationality	The revival of the nationality agitation has produced a marked change in this respect.
natal	Natal proper has a seaboard of 166 m.
natural	We think he might have some natural ability.
natter	We had a good old natter with the lady herself.
natty	Macy's carries children's vests in a natty argyle pattern that will match impeccably with dress pants and kids' loafers.
nato	If NATO didn't exist today, no one would propose creating it.
national	According to the National Weather Service, this is a doozy of a storm.
naturalism	It has been well observed that his style is a medium between that of Perugino and that of Giovanni Bellini; he has somewhat more of spontaneous naturalism than the former, and of abstract dignity in feature and form than the latter.
naturalize	Blending inward will soften the telltale end lines of shadow application and will help naturalize the look.
nature	This is your nature, you just don't know it yet.
naturalization	Naturalization in India is regulated by the British Indian Naturalization Act, No.
naturalise	It is one of the easiest of all the kinds to naturalise, and spreads rapidly, but is usually supposed not to bear seed.
naturalness	In opposition to the general spirit of the 18th century he saw, by means of his historic sense, the naturalness of religion, its relation to man's wants and impulses.
native	I wanted to put native wildlife on it.
naturalist	You are a naturalist who stands for the environment.
naturalistic	Alexander's interpretation proceeds throughout upon the naturalistic lines which have already become familiar to us.
naturist	The latter, I suspect, coming from a naturist bungee jumper.
naturopath	Call or email our qualified naturopath for free advice on any health-related questions that you may have.
naughty	You are a very naughty witch.
natured	But they are so good natured and friendly, one cannot help liking them.
nausea	The nausea persisted for a while, but was eventually lost in sleep.
naught	Perhaps this god-awful crawl in here wasn't for naught after all.
naturopathic	Constant craving According to naturopathic doctor Joseph Mercola, some people find that chromium may also help control sugar and carbohydrate cravings.
nauseating	Her knee hit the solid chunk of wood with a nauseating thump.
naturopathy	Some may give you a solid education on the fundamentals of naturopathy, but none will qualify you for licensing.
naughtiness	It is also available in a smaller size meaning I can stash a little Benefit naughtiness along with a full sized version of one of my other mascaras.
nautilus	The shells of the pearly nautilus are commonly used by the Visayans for drinking cups.
nauseous	She was almost nauseous again.
naturally	We can't naturally fly, so we make airplanes.
navigate	She couldn't navigate through the emotions.
navigation	The soldier touched his thumb to the navigation control board.
navicular	Navicular, cuboid and ectocuneiform bones of tarsus united.
navigability	In1906-1907there was a notable agitation for improvement, following trial voyages that proved the navigability of the Missouri up to Kansas City.
nautical	He assisted in the preparation of the American Nautical Almanac for 1857.
navy	The Norfolk navy yard is in the southern part of the city of Portsmouth.
navel	You know, have I got a pierced navel?
nay	Nay, I often did better than this.
nb	If BN, CP, DQ, FS, GT are the perpen diculars to AE from the angular points, the ordinates NB, PC,..
navigator	The Kurile Islands were discovered in 1634 by the Dutch navigator Martin de Vries.
naval	Within the yard there are extensive naval stores and barracks.
nbc	An NBC employe has tested positive for cutaneous anthrax.
neanderthal	The now generally accepted view is that the Neanderthal skull represents the oldest known dolichocephalic race of Europe.
neal	Another, Daniel Neal, in 1720, found Boston conversation as polite as in most of the cities and towns in England, many of their merchants having the advantage of a free conversation with travellers; so that a gentleman from London would almost think himself at home at Boston, when he observes the number of people, their houses, their furniture, their tables, their dress and conversation, which perhaps is as splendid and showy as that of the most considerable tradesmen in London.
neap	At low water during neap tides hardly any part of the rock is visible.
neapolitan	His youth, spent at the Neapolitan court, was far from blameless, and it is not certain that he was married to the mother of his numerous family.
neat	The handwriting on the letter was neat and feminine.
nearside	Both rear quarters damaged, with damage also to the nearside wing, front bumper, and a well creased bonnet.
nearness	His nearness was driving her crazy.
nave	The nave is the most beautiful portion.
neath	The Neath and Brecon railway has a terminus in the town.
neatness	Another indispensable feature of good bee-management is forethought, coupled with order and neatness; the rule of where pollen (the fertilizing dust of flowers) is P (g)lentiful plentifu FIG.
neb	Get oot the road noo. ' ' But it's richt in front o yer neb!
nebula	The drawing of the nebula of Orion was published in the Phil.
neatly	Circular bowls are neatly turned from various woods.
nebulous	Dean saw no reason to trouble Mrs. Byrne with this nebulous sighting.
navigable	The river was navigable as far as Capua.
nebular	On these grounds we discuss the nebular theory without much reference to comets.
necessary	Maybe it wasn't necessary to say anything.
nearly	You were nearly killed.
nearby	A woman nearby was staring at her.
nebulae	It does not, however, seem probable that their apparent anti-galactic tendency has such a significance; in the Magellanic Clouds spiral nebulae are very abundant, a fact which shows that there is no essential antipathy between the stars and the spiral nebulae.
necessity	Now, I'm sure you see the necessity of doing exactly what I say.
nebulosity	He arranges a selection from his observations on the nebulae in such a way as to give great plausibility to his view of the gradual transmutation of nebulae into stars Herschel begins by showing us that there are regions in the heavens where a faint diffused nebulosity is all that can be detected by the telescope.
necessitarianism	With the two last named he discussed the materialism of Priestley and the theory of necessitarianism.
necessitate	That would necessitate raising the cost of the tours for guests.
neckband	Oversized sweatshirts were often redesigned by ripping off the neckband and part of the sleeves.
necessitous	In using the phrase, Necessitous men are not free men, Roosevelt was actually quoting from a decision in a well-known 1762 English legal case.
necking	They shouldn't be alone out here in the woods, necking like this.
necktie	He was wearing a shirt and his unfastened necktie was hanging in my face.
neckerchief	They also have a brown cap and neckerchief.
neckwear	As you would expect from such an all-encompassing category our range of ladies silver neckwear offers something for every woman.
near	She drew near to him and stopped.
necromancer	But the arts of the necromancer were always and without exception treated as foreign to the religion of Yahweh.
necromancy	The Wizard specializes in necromancy and death magic, but is weak with melee combat.
necessarily	He doesn't necessarily want to be understood.
necrology	See Ignacz Badeni, Necrology of Hugo Kollontaj (Pol.) (Cracow, 1819); Henryk Schmitt, Review of the Life and Works of Kollontaj (Pol.) (Lemberg, 1860); Wojciek Grochowski, Life of Kollontaj (Pol.) in Tygod Illus.
neckline	Some minor accents may be around the neckline, bust, or waist, but informal dresses are usually simple.
necropsy	Hippocrates had no opportunity of verification by necropsy, and Sydenham ignored pathology; yet the clinical features of many but recently described diseases, such, for example, as that named after Graves, and myxoedema, both associated with perversions of the thyroid gland, lay as open to the eye of physicians in the past as to our own.
necrotic	Some of these necrotic lesions became torn and partially detached or with a shothole effect.
necropolis	A number of tombs belonging to the Roman necropolis were discovered in 1883.
nectar	Flowers with nectar partly concealed and visible only in bright sunshine.
necrosis	For the chronic form of industrial poisoning in the manufacture of lucifer matches - a form of necrosis, known in England as phossy jaw and in France as mal chimique, a localized inflammatory infection of the periosteum, ending with the death and exfoliation of part of the bone - see Match.
nectarine	The treatment in horticulture of the peach and nectarine is the same in every respect.
nee	His mother, Constance Dahn, nee Le Gay, was a noted actress.
needle	Katie glanced up, the needle pausing in mid air.
nectary	Opposite each carpel is a small scale which functions as a nectary.
needless	Needless to say this faint hope was not borne out by results.
neediness	Many people confuse neediness with love.
necklace	She pulled the necklace from her neck.
neck	He pulled her close and kissed her neck softly.
needlessly	Their refutation of the Protestant positions seemed needlessly sharp to the emperor, and five drafts were made of it.
needful	Of the former it is not needful to speak here.
needlework	While the boys are instructed in woodwork, needlework is taught to the girls, its introduction in 1889 having been the first recognition of practical instruction in any form.
negate	Shipping charges for large and heavy items may negate your savings.
nefarious	I know the list of nefarious uses of the Internet—but on balance, we are building it for good purposes.
negative	What makes you so negative about him?
neglect	If you neglect to do so, we will be gone before you arrive.
neglected	But you neglected one important thing.
negation	Determination is not merely negation.
neglectful	He is nominally a Mahommedan, but is neglectful of the practices of his religion.
negligence	The ambassadors remarked his negligence, and his ministers complained of it.
negligent	You're negligent in your duties.
negativity	I'm not religious but I do believe that positivity brings positivity and negativity brings negativity.
negligible	But the cost is so negligible that no one thinks much of it.
needy	In many places they have the monopoly of the wine and spirit shops, and retail trade generally; and as they are always willing to advance money on usury, and are more intelligent and better educated than the ordinary peasant, there is little doubt that in a country where the large landowners are proverbially extravagant, and the peasant proprietors needy, the soil would soon fall into the hands of the Jews were it not for the stringent laws which prevent them from owning land outside the towns.
negotiate	I came to see if you wanted to negotiate yet.
negotiation	After a month of negotiation the claims of Ireland were conceded.
negligently	One of the D3 fitters negligently injured the claimant.
negotiator	Deals made while the negotiator is distracted or emotional are easier to win, he said.
negotiable	You pay to ride and the fee is always negotiable.
negligee	The word camisole derives from Latin, French and Italian and originally referred to a negligee jacket or a garment worn under a transparent top to conceal what back then would have been a corset.
needs	She needs to learn her place fast.
neigh	On my way to my dreaded doom I heard a neigh.
negus	The fugitive meanwhile arrived safely in Shoa, and was there acclaimed as negus.
negroid	Of all the Somali the Rahanwin betray the largest infusion of negroid blood.
neighbouring	The city is a distributing point for the neighbouring mining region.
neighbour	When in 68 his neighbour Galba, the governor of Hispania Tarraconensis, rose in revolt against Nero, Otho accompanied him to Rome.
neither	Neither of them had a clue what was on her mind.
neighboring	Japan has four insular chains which link her to the neighboring continent.
neighbor	This treasure does not belong to me, for I bought only the ground; but when I offered it to my neighbor he refused it.
need	He did not need anything of that kind.
nemesis	Nemesis came in the spring of 1881, in the form of the French invasion of Tunisia.
nelly	I passed Skinny Nelly who looked the other way as I neared her.
nematode	Potato cyst nematode cysts are only 0.5 mm in diameter on average.
neodymium	The Eroica is a true audiophile moving coil cartridge which features an advanced pole shoe design using a powerful rare earth Neodymium magnet.
neolithic	Some neolithic remains have been found at Horsham.
neo	Neo is offered a choice by Morpheus; the red pill or the blue pill.
neoclassical	Curvy furniture in the Rococo style may be paired with neoclassical pieces or even sleek, modern items.
neophyte	Many people-especially many neophyte entrepreneurs-believe that the idea is everything.
neoplasm	These abnormal cells divide uncontrollably and eventually form a new growth known as a tumor or neoplasm.
nelson	Though Howe was now nearly seventy, and had been trained in the old school, he displayed an originality not usual with veterans, and not excelled by any of his successors in the war, not even by Nelson, since they had his example to follow and were served by more highly trained squadrons than his.
neotropical	In some cases, such as the Ethiopian and Neotropical and the Palaearctic and Nearctic regions, the faunas, although distinct, are related, several forms on opposite sides of the Atlantic being analogous, e.g.
neighborhood	Foxes are common in the neighborhood of Rome.
nepenthes	Nepenthes may be mentioned as a genus specially developed in the Malayan area, and extending from New Caledonia to Madagascar; it is found as far north as the Khasi hills, and in Ceylon, but does not appear on the Himalaya or in the peninsula of India.
nephritis	Mild cases of lupus nephritis can often simply be observed without any specific treatment; in such cases a biopsy is unnecessary.
nepotism	The nepotism in which the pope indulged is especially inexcusable.
neon	The neon tube glowed when it was in resonance with the wireless telegraph antenna.
neptune	The cathedral of St Januarius, occupying the site of temples of Apollo and Neptune, and still containing some of their original granite columns, was designed by Nicola Pisano, and erected between 1272 and 1316.
neroli	Thus in the case of neroli oil the petals of orange blossom are loosely spread on trays covered with purified lard or with fine olive oil.
nephew	I wanted my nephew to see what kind of enemy he had.
nerved	The pathos of the Children's Crusade of 1212 only nerved him to fresh efforts.
nervously	Jackson shifted nervously on the piano bench.
nescience	Fresh knowledge, new forces and faculties, have to be acquired by positive and strenuous efforts, while, on the other hand, delusions and superstitions are to be abandoned by an attitude of conscious neglect; or to use the phraseology of the Hindus, Avidyd, nescience - the mental state of the unenlightened - through which the individual energies are scattered and dissipated in futile effort, is gradually replaced by Vidyd, the higher wisdom which dispels the darkness of the mind, awakens our latent faculties and concentrates our efforts in the direction of that harmonious union, which ultimately results in Nirvana.
neighbourhood	In the neighbourhood are stone quarries.
nervure	The forewings have at least a single longitudinal nervure - often two - reaching from base to tip of the wing.
nervy	We could be in for a very nervy run to the line.
nervousness	There was nervousness in Lydia's voice.
nestle	They moved slowly to the bank on which she stood, bumped into the dirt wall and floated to nestle into piles at the bottom.
net	The net seemed heavy.
netball	In Netball the 1st team will be seeking revenge for the single point defeat at the hands of Sheffield Hallam.
nested	Formerly the trumpeter swan nested here.
nestling	The whole body is covered with a thick coat of short nestling feathers, pure white in colour.
nestor	Of parrots, Stringops, the kakapo or owl-parrot, is certainly peculiar, while Nestor constitutes a peculiar subfamily of the brush-tongued parrots or Trichoglossidae.
nerve	Her nerve began to frazzle.
netting	Small netting mesh cloches can be used to keep pests and pets off seeds etc., too.
netiquette	Online social networkers must adhere to the rules of netiquette.
nether	Why would they admit the tips come from the nether world?
nettle	She has a kind of nettle rash on her back.
nervous	She was nervous about her daughter.
neuralgia	The existence of neuralgia usually betokens a depressed or enfeebled state of health.
nest	A bird built a nest in the flower box and it has little baby birds!
neurologist	A neurologist is very helpful in treating central sleep apnea, a relatively rare form of the nighttime breathing problem that involves the disruption of signals from the brain to the respiratory system.
neurology	His work at the Salpetriere exerted a great influence on the development of the science of neurology, and his classical maladies du.
neuroleptic	Clozapine, an atypical neuroleptic agent with D 4 receptor antagonist activity, does not cause tardive dyskinesia but may cause agranulocytosis.
neural	It is with the neural element of muscle tonus that tendon phenomena are intimately associated.
network	If the network doesn't work, there's a radio in your greencar.
neurosurgery	Dr. Ben Carson is the head of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins Medical School.
neurophysiology	The exhibition aims to provide an explanation of the meaning and relevance of scientific developments linking neurophysiology to the functioning of the immune system.
neuritis	Median neuritis at the elbow is much less common than ulnar neuritis.
neuropathology	The remarkable discovery of the dual nature of the nervous system, of its duplex development as a lower and upper system of neurons, has shed much light upon the problems of practical medicine, but this construction is described under Brain; Neuropathology; Muscle And Nerve, &C.
neurosurgeon	The intrathecal baclofen delivery system is placed by a neurosurgeon during a surgical procedure under local or general anesthesia.
neutral	Instead, he gave a more neutral response.
neuroses	Freudian personality theories became more widely known to the Western public in the 1960s and were understood to imply that repression of a child's natural drives would lead to neuroses.
neurosurgical	The risk of late rebleeding is low, but is more common after endovascular coiling than after neurosurgical clipping.
neuter	If you can't afford to neuter a kitten then don't have one.
neurosis	This is Sideways country and best to leave your neurosis at home when visiting.
neurotic	Donne was now in weak health, and in a highly neurotic condition.
neutron	Early in 1932 James Chadwick discovered the neutron, a particle in the nuclei of most atoms.
never	I've never thought about it before.
neutralization	After neutralization, it gives a white precipitate with silver nitrate.
nevertheless	In New South Wales and Queensland there were still a large number of persons opposed to the measure, which was nevertheless carried in both colonies.
new	She helped Carmen into the new dress.
nevermind	So, I say nevermind how they feel think about yourself and how you'd feel.
neutrino	From tritium decay experiments comes an upper limit of 2.2 eV for the electron neutrino.
neutrality	They remained passive throughout the war and the neutrality of the country was respected by both armies.
neurological	Probably not the neurological issue they thought.
newfoundland	At St John's in Newfoundland he erected a temporary receiving antenna consisting of a wire 400 ft.
news	The news was devastating to all of us.
newel	Its two upper newel posts (center ), also in walnut, are topped by a splendid pair of carved griffins.
neutralize	My reinforcements aren't here yet; you'll need to keep moving until I can neutralize the newest threat.
newscaster	Before becoming an actress, Ripa wanted to be a newscaster.
newlywed	Coming up with newlywed gift ideas can be difficult for even the most seasoned shopper.
newness	Only after the public grew weary of this did printers go off in search of completely new books, called novels to mark their newness.
newscast	A morning radio newscast, interviewed an expert .
newcomer	Your old pet will be curious regarding the newcomer.
newsman	During the Ruby trial in Dallas, Judge Joe B. Brown granted Miss Kilgallen a privilege given no other newsman.
newsgroup	The home page for the newsgroup provides information about the group, information on how to subscribe, and a browsable archive of messages.
newborn	She turned and started cleaning her newborn baby.
newsreel	Interestingly, a local cinema is showing a newsreel of the funeral of the mayor.
newly	The band struck up the newly introduced mazurka.
newsreader	Am i correct in saying that i heard a newsreader say that only 5% of sales were from actual singles?
newt	Newt having stirred Ripley's maternal instincts, it's the Battle of the Enraged Mothers.
newsprint	Be sure that your clothing and background provide enough contrast to read well in newsprint.
newsworthy	Stories of loss, strife and recovery abound and offer a myriad of directions to expound upon the newsworthy and personal aspects of the news accounts.
nexus	Knowledge involves synthesis or nexus.
ni	In 1901 his opera NI anru was performed at Dresden.
newspaper	I got interviewed for a newspaper in Zanesville, Ohio.
nice	It's nice to have that special respect.
nib	I equipped myself with the finest dip pen nib I could find.
newtonian	Her chief amusement during her leisure hours was sweeping the heavens with a small Newtonian telescope.
niche	He never liked being on the hot seat and he'd found his niche with this job.
niacin	If taking niacin, also take a Vitamin B complex.
nibs	Its purpose is to sort out the different lengths of fibre, and to clear such fibres of their nibs and noils.
nicety	How far the official principal had jurisdiction in criminal matters by virtue of his office, how far it was usual to add this jurisdiction by special commission, and what were the respective limits of his office and that of the vicar-general, are questions of some nicety.
nibble	Another way is to avoid snacking or change what you nibble on.
nickname	He had never used the nickname – always before it had been Cynthia.
nicely	I wonder if they would treat me nicely if I went there again.
nhs	But for the NHS the answer to an apparent conundrum is more obvious - cash or quality?
nickel	Small amounts of nickel and cobalt are often present.
next	The kids are in the next room.
nick	They arrived after a night march, in the nick of time.
nidus	The custom of providing a material abode or nidus for the ghost;s found all over the earth; e.g.
nidification	Nests of this species were found in 1821 by Johana Wilhelm Zetterstedt near Juckasj,rwi in Swedish Lapland, but little was known concerning its nidification until 1855, when John Wolley, after two years' ineffectual search, succeeded in obtaining near the Finnish village Muonioniska, on the Swedish frontier, well-authenticated specimens with the eggs, both of which are like exaggerated bullfinches'.
niece	She has heard from her niece how you rescued her...
niello	Most of these works in bronze were enriched with fine lines inlaid in silver, and in some cases with a kind of niello or enamel.
nicotine	Try not to smoke as nicotine will pass into your baby's bloodstream.
night	That night... was Dad's birthday.
nigh	The darkest days were nigh.
nightcap	He had a nightcap on his head and his feet were bare.
nightfall	At nightfall the very few guns still to go were hurried off to the jetties.
nifty	These nifty little devices look like small pizza cutters and have very sharp blades that can cut through several layers of fabric at a time.
nightjar	Before long a single male nightjar put on a very good display clearly visible against the night sky.
nightingale	To Miss Nightingale this proved the trumpet-call of duty.
nightmarish	Some of these dreams are pleasant, while others might be more nightmarish and uncomfortable.
nightly	He made a fire and prepared her nightly soup.
nightstand	She planted both on the nightstand in front of Lisa.
nightshade	Another account relates how he poisoned himself by eating deadly nightshade, other less specific reports simply say that he died from poisoning.
nihilism	The new ego can embrace nihilism in two ways.
nightspot	Located near to Washington, DC, it has become a popular nightspot for the trendy young people of the nation's capital.
nightmare	Lost souls, shut out of the underworld, was the greatest nightmare for Death.
nightwear	Flannel pajamas are comfortable and relatively easy to care for, so you definitely don't want to complicate things by having to deal with rips and tears on flannel nightwear.
nil	If the political results of the mission were nil, the value to geographical science was immense; for though no geographer himself, Sadlier's route across Arabia made it possible for the first time to locate the principal places in something like their proper relative positions; incidentally, too, it showed the practicability of a considerable body of regular troops crossing the deserts of Nejd even in the months of July and August.
nihilistic	After CsÃ¡nad, he issued proclamations which can only be described as nihilistic. His suppression had become a political necessity.
nilotic	He goes so far as to pronounce the latter to be Cretan importations, their fabric and forms being unlike anything Nilotic. If that be so, the period at which stone implements were beginning to be superseded by bronze in Crete must be dated before 4000 B.C. But it will be remembered that below all Evans's Minoan strata lies the immensely thick Neolithic deposit.
nilgai	The nilgai is about the size of a mule.
nihilist	The opportunity thus given for debate naturally stimulated the movement in favour of constitutional government, which received new impulses from the sympathetic attitude of the emperor Alexander II., his grant in 1879 of a constitution to the liberated principality of Bulgaria, and the multiplication of Nihilist outrages which pointed to the necessity of conciliating Liberal opinion in order to present a united front against revolutionary agitation.
nim	At marriage they burn benzoin with nim seeds (Melia Azadirachta, Roxburgh) to keep off evil spirits, and prepare the bride-cakes by putting a quantity of benzoin between layers of wheaten dough, closed all round, and frying them in clarified butter.
nimbus	From this early astrological use the form of glory or nimbus has been adapted or inherited under new beliefs.
nimble	The youth was smaller and nimble, accustomed to navigating the forest.
nineteenth	In this service he remained till his nineteenth year.
nineties	Wasn't this exactly the sort of thing that earned Microsoft such vicious opprobrium in the nineties?
ninetieth	Busby died in 1695, in his ninetieth year, and was buried in Westminster Abbey, where his effigy is still to be seen.
nineteen	In the first place she had nineteen months' experience of sight and sound.
niobe	The tragedians used her story to point the moral of the instability of human happiness; Niobe became the representative of human nature, liable to pride in prosperity and forgetfulness of the respect and submission due to the gods.
nipped	He nipped her hard enough to hurt.
nine	It's not even nine o'clock here.
nip	His nip made her shiver.
nights	Nights were sleepless bouts of coughing, and days were endless hours of work.
nipping	He lowered his head and nudged hers aside, nipping at her neck.
ninety	She was ninety eight percent human.
nirvana	Nirvana is constantly defined in them as supreme happiness.
nipper	He's a cute little nipper isn't he?
nippy	Apparently it gets a bit nippy in the winter too.
niobium	Rose, who regarded niobium oxide as the element.
nisi	The district judge hears the case and if satisfied makes the nisi order absolute.
nisus	In Virgil, Scylla, the daughter of Nisus, is confused with the sea-monster, the daughter of Phorcys.
nit	The Word verification is a little nit picky with blogspot.
ninth	The ninth volume appeared in 1784, leaving the work still unfinished.
nitration	From meta-brombenzoicacid two nitrobrombenzoic ac i ds are obtained on direct nitration; elimination of the bromine atom and the reduction of the nitro to an amino group in these two acids results in the formation of the same ortho-aminobenzoic acid.
nitre	The fungus is cut into slices and then steeped in a solution of nitre.
nitrification	Several conditions must be fulfilled before nitrification can occur.
nitty	Now, that you've worked out these essential details, it's time to get down to the nitty gritty and begin using that baby shower sailboat theme.
nipple	He released the nipple and started to cry.
nitrogenous	In 1897 Buchner submitted yeast to great pressure, and isolated a nitrogenous substance, enzymic in character, which he termed zymase.
nitrite	It is also formed by the action of concentrated sulphuric acid on sodium nitrite in the presence of mercury.
no	That made no sense.
nitrous	Half a century later, nitrous oxide came into use as an anesthetic.
nix	Executive producer Mike Lazzo, believing that the episode featured too little of the Space Ghost, elected to nix the script for production.
nob	Chinatown, at the foot of Nob Hill, covers some twelve city blocks, and with its temples, rich bazaars, strange life and show of picturesque colours and customs, it is to strangers one of the most interesting portions of the city.
nitrate	It dissolves in strong nitric acid with the formation of the nitrate and sulphate, and also in hot concentrated hydrochloric acid.
noble	His name is remembered in our country as that of a brave and noble man.
noblesse	Sieyês had drawn up at his request, and was elected in three - by the noblesse of Paris, Villers-Cotterets and Crepy-en-Valois.
nitrogen	The nitrogen is absorbed by the plant in some form of combination from the soil.
nobody	Nobody could answer these questions.
nobleness	Any nobleness begins at once to refine a man's features, any meanness or sensuality to imbrute them.
noah	It's raining enough to make Noah do a double shift.
nobly	It consisted of 30 nobly born knights.
noblewoman	A well-dressed noblewoman knelt beside her still form.
nitric	It is an indigo-blue powder, soluble in hydrochloric acid, but insoluble in dilute nitric and sulphuric acids.
nobleman	The nobleman smote his breast.
nod	At his nod, she leaned back in her seat.
noddy	Terns are found all over the world, and among exotic forms may be particularly mentioned the various species of noddy.
nodal	Owing to the action of the moon on the earth, as it performs its monthly revolution in an orbit slightly inclined to the ecliptic, the centre of the earth itself deviates from the plane of the ecliptic in a period equal to that of the nodal revolution of the moon.
nocturne	The second nocturne is a fleeting scherzo retracing the same ground three times and culminating in a short cadenza for the horn.
nodular	A series of black shales with nodular limestones, the Pendleside series, rests upon the Mountain Limestone on the east, south and north-west; much of the upper course of the Derwent has been cut through these soft beds.
node	The fundamental mode has that node only.
nodule	The distal tarsalia likewise fuse together, and then on to the upper ends of the metatarsals; the tarsale centrale remains sometimes as a separate osseous nodule, buried in the inter-articular pad.
nocturnal	It was not unlike any night's nocturnal hallucination.
noel	Before entering showbiz old Noel tried his hand at teaching.
noise	What was all the noise last night?
nog	This simple egg nog has a bit of a kick, but can be prepared in less than five minutes.
noggin	For the baby who has a shiny, hair-free noggin, the best choice is a bow headband.
noiselessly	The princess timidly opened the door which moved noiselessly and easily.
noil	Noil silk is created using short silk fibers.
noetic	Each individual experiences the fall of his own noetic faculty.
noisily	The servants ran noisily about the house and yard, shouting and disputing.
noiseless	Natasha did not change her position, but her whole body heaved with noiseless, convulsive sobs which choked her.
noisome	The doctor and valet lifted the cloak with which he was covered and, making wry faces at the noisome smell of mortifying flesh that came from the wound, began examining that dreadful place.
nomadism	Among the natives, more especially of the interior, an innate restlessness which leads to a life of spasmodic nomadism, poverty, insufficient nourishment, an incredible improvidence which induces them to convert into intoxicating liquor a large portion of their annual crops, feasts of a semi-religious character which are invariably accompanied by prolonged drunken orgies, and certain superstitions which necessitate the frequent procuration of abortion, have contributed to check the growth of population.
nobility	Such nobility may be immemorial or it may not.
nomen	It may be observed that, long after the Latins had ceased to exist as a separate people we meet in Roman writers with the phrase of nomen Latinum, used not in an ethnical but a purely political sense, to designate the inhabitants of all those cities on which the Romans had conferred Latin rights (jus Latinum) - an inferior form of the Roman franchise, which had been granted in the first instance to certain cities of the Latins, when they became subjects of Rome, and was afterwards bestowed upon many other cities of Italy, especially the so-called Latin colonies.
nomadic	Others are hunters and fishermen and are nomadic in habit.
nominate	The time had now come (1880) when the Republican party must nominate a candidate for the presidency.
nomad	The Yuruks on the contrary are a truly nomad race.
noisy	His detractors were noisy and scurrilous.
nomenclature	The committee of the Royal Geographical Society settled the existing nomenclature of the three great oceans.
nominative	The legislative council is a consultative body, partly elective, partly nominative.
nominalist	A nominalist to the core, he held that definition and predication are either false or tautological.
nominalism	Nominalism was a doctrine of sceptics and suspected heretics, such as Berengar of Tours and Roscellinus.
nominee	He served as a nominee of the opposition on the committee of twenty-four which was appointed, in the Oxford parliament of that year, to reform the administration.
nominally	Nowadays they are all nominally Christians.
nominal	He continued to hold the nominal command by the wish of the king, but his active service was now over.
nomination	His services were acknowledged by a nomination as C.B.
nonchalance	His nonchalance made her angry.
nonchalant	Dean answered in a voice as nonchalant as he could muster.
nonchalantly	He shrugged nonchalantly, but his gaze rested on her thoughtfully for a few moments before he finished his meal.
none	None of them listened to orders.
nonconforming	At that time, people with nonconforming sexualities suffered community isolation and were even abused in some cases, making it necessary to keep one's sexual orientation a closely guarded secret.
nondescript	Reminiscences of the Greek signs of Gemini, Leo, Libra, Sagittarius, Capricornus and Pisces are obvious severally in the Hindu Two Faces, Lion's Tail, Beam of a Balance, Arrow, Gazelle's Head (figured as a marine nondescript) and Fish.
nonetheless	Furious at Jessi, he was nonetheless concerned.
nonconformist	There are about thirty nonconformist chapels, in nearly a third of which the services are Welsh.
nonentity	A sixth nonentity, Nushirwan, was a Chupani nominee in 1344, after which time Ilasan Buzurg definitely installed himself as the first khan of the Jelairid or Ilkhanian-Jelairid dynasty.
nonsense	I don't want to hear any more of this nonsense about magic.
nonlinear	Professor Chris Jones has taken up a chair in nonlinear dynamics in the school of mathematics.
nonconformity	Independency, like Nonconformity, is primarily a negative term.
nonius	He also could boast of having recovered Ammianus Marcellinus, Nonius Marcellus, Probus, Flavius Caper and Eutyches.
nonviolence	Parents can teach children nonviolence by controlling their own tempers.
nonsensical	The radio channel played nonsensical songs from the 60's in a barely successful mission to lift her spirits.
nonprofit	Access to AARP health and prescription insurance are among the many benefits available through the American Association of Retired Persons (AARP), a nonprofit organization that offers membership to individuals 50-years-old or older.
nonsuch	The remaining members of the group, St George, Paget, Smith, St David, Cooper, Nonsuch, &c., lie N.E.
noodle	Ramen - These noodles originally came from China and differ from other Japanese noodles in the fact that the broth used to cook ramen usually contains meat like poultry or pork while other noodle dishes in Japan are vegetable or fish based.
nonviolent	Truancy is a gateway to serious violent and nonviolent crime.
non	The rotating slide rule bezel is bi directional and and non ratchet.
noonday	If our forerunners of eight or nine thousand years ago were in a noonday glare of civilization, where shall we look for the much-talked-of dawnings of history ?
nor	It was neither good nor bad in her mind back then - it simply was.
nook	I could go on and on, I know every nook and cranny of that house.
noontime	Noontime found us packing up, sharing good-bye's and ready to go our separate ways.
nopal	Plantations of the nopal and the tuna, which are called nopaleries, are established for the purpose of rearing this insect, the Coccus Cacti, and these often contain as many as 50,000 plants.
norm	The royal norm was heavier than the common norm.
normal	He was normal in that respect.
nordic	Click below to see a short video of Nordic walking & how its done.
noose	The noose fell directly over the limb and he pulled it tight.
nope	Nope, she's more important than that.
normally	We don't normally use them.
normality	While other founder members, including Hubert Parson, became lavish spenders on an opulent lifestyle, Sum remained the epitome of normality.
normalization	Both the image normalization and tissue segmentation algorithms developed by our group significantly improve the statistics in tumor volume measurement.
normalize	Learning about CMT and discussing it with teachers, classmates, friends, and family members may help normalize the disorder and create support for the child.
normalcy	The sense of normalcy faded as they moved through the mall.
noon	Finally, approaching noon, we crossed over a wide stream.
normative	Normative influence does not have to involve physical coercion.
norsk	Among later periodicals we may mention Skandia (1833-1837); Literaturbladet (1838-1840); Stallningar och Forhallanden (1838) of Crusenstolpe, a monthly review of Scandinavian history; Tidskrift for Litteratur (1850); Norsk Tidsskrift (1852), weekly, Forr och Nu; and the Revue suedoise (1858) of Kramer, written in French.
norse	About the end of the 8th century both the Shetlands and Orkneys suffered from the depredations of Norse vikings, or pirates, until Harold Haarfager annexed the islands to Norway in 875.
northbound	The station building and main car park are accessed via the enclosed footbridge on the northbound platform.
northerly	The river Makona takes a much more northerly course than had been estimated.
northing	The first line of output gives the easting, northing, and the mouse button return value (see NOTES, below ).
northernmost	Another stretch of marsh usually cuts off the northernmost part of the lake from the central sections.
norwegian	The Norwegian order of knighthood of St Olaf was founded in 1847 by Oscar I., king of Sweden and Norway, in memory of this king.
north	Jenn looked north and began walking.
nose	The sweet scent of rotting seaweed made her nose wrinkle.
northern	Han, I'm going away for a few to the Northern Virginia Sector.
northwest	Stay away from the southeast and northwest street corners.
nosed	Rudolf the red nosed reindeer had a very shiny nose!
nosebleed	Parents should also be aware of any abnormal amount of blood during a nosebleed and make note of any recent falls or head injuries.
nosegay	It was a fine bright morning when I walked, unattended, to the princess's house, carrying a nosegay in my hand.
nosedive	Losing physical custody of her kids is just one more sign that Britney Spears' life is continuing its nosedive from the high heights of fame to the low depths of infamy.
nos	In 1866 he published Une troupe de comediens, and afterwards Essai sur la restauration de nos monuments historiques devant fart et devant le budget, which deals particularly with the restoration of the cathedral of Evreux.
nosh	All venues are open 2 or 3am daily and serve classy nosh to soak up the excess.
nostalgia	She has nostalgia for the past.
nostalgic	When the old song came on the radio, Harold suddenly felt nostalgic for his high school years.
nosey	Sorry if I seem nosey, I don't mean to, I'm just curious.
nostoc	In 1865 De Bary suggested the possibility that such lichens as Collema, Ephebe, &c., arose as a result of the attack of parasitic Ascomycetes upon the algae, Nostoc, Chroococcus, &c. In 1867 the observations of Famintzin and Baranetzky showed that the gonidia, in certain cases, were able to live outside the lichen-thallus, and in the case of Physcia, Evernia and Cladonia were able to form zoospores.
nosology	More importance is to be attached to his Nosology or Classification of Diseases.
nostrum	James is put to work at country fairs, promoting a quack nostrum for pain relief.
notable	One of the most notable of these was the use of the paschal candle.
norman	If the Norman was a born soldier, he was also a born lawyer.
nostril	Immediately within the opening of the nostril, the respiratory canal sends off on its upper and outer side a blind pouch ( false nostril ) of conical form, and curved, 2 to 3 in.
northward	A branch line runs northward to Birr or Parsonstown.
northwards	Darius fled northwards from Ecbatana upon his approach.
nosy	You're awfully nosy not to have any real interest in this stuff.
notarial	They contain the voluminous and invaluable records of the Venetian republic, diplomatic, judicial, commercial, notarial, &c. Under the republic the various departments of state stored their records in various buildings, at the ducal palace, at the Scuola di San Teodoro, at the Camerlenghi.
note	She grabbed the note pad and wrote a brand name and quantity.
notebook	She made her way to the notebook near the desk phone.
notarized	The document needs to be notarized as well.
noted	The women are noted for their beauty.
notary	At the age of twelve he became clerk to a notary, and was afterwards apprenticed to a druggist.
noteworthy	Its most noteworthy features are two.
notch	The thread was secured by a spiral notch in the stick.
noticeable	However, while noticeable, his damaged appearance was less disagreeable than I expected.
nothingness	This choice of final nothingness differs from that of Schopenhauer in being collective and not individual.
notepad	To open the document for editing, first open notepad.
notation	These days, tablature, not sheet music, is the primary form of music notation that is available on the Internet.
noticeably	Weller's cheek twitched noticeably and Fred looked up.
notion	Sometimes Jeff had this notion about protecting me from anything unpleasant.
not	I am not saying we live in a utopia.
notifiable	We believe that Mr Taylor was right to question the desirability of making a disease notifiable without doing anything else.
notional	On one side, pure science leads us away from nature toward a notional, almost metaphysical realm of particles.
notorious	Her life was notorious for intrigue and perfidy.
notoriously	To decorations and official recognitions he was notoriously indifferent.
notwithstanding	Notwithstanding the shortness of their limbs they run with rapidity.
notification	The Shan States were declared to be a part of British India by notification in 1886.
nought	The nawab alleged that his civil authority was everywhere being set at nought.
nougat	Round or square nougat candies with palm tree or exotic flower centers are a sweet and pretty addition to guest tables.
notoriety	The following day, Mr. Rupert Youngblood gained more notoriety, appearing on a national television morning show.
noun	At times a noun can be replaced with a pronoun.
notify	Usually. We'll notify his doctor that he was awake briefly today.
notice	I didn't notice how far I was wandering this evening.
nothing	She tried to speak, but nothing came out.
nourishing	Choose a site with gentle breezes that are nourishing to the land.
nourish	Products that nourish your skin with vitamins are plentiful.
novel	Sounds like a dime novel, doesn't it?
novae	Voet now issued, under the name of Martin Schoock, one of his pupils, a pamphlet with the title of Methodus novae philosophiae Renati Descartes, in which atheism and infidelity were openly declared to be the effect of the new teaching.
nous	Thought cannot attain to this, for thought reaches only to the nous, and is itself a kind of motion.
notably	Ionization seems to increase notably as temperature rises.
nourishment	In the case of muscle, if the available nourishment be sufficient, and if the power of assimilation of the muscle cells remain unimpaired, its bulk increases, that is to say, it becomes hypertrophied.
november	Jule's is November third.
novelist	As a novelist, meanwhile, he had taken a very high place.
nov	When the Armistice was signed Nov.
nova	Tullii Ciceronis de republica quae supersunt appeared at Rome in 1822; Scriptorum veterum nova collectio, e vaticanis codicibus edita in 1825-1838; Classici scriptores e vaticanis codicibus editi in 1828-1838; Spicilegium romanum in 1839-1844; and Patrum nova bibliotheca in 1845-1853.
now	Now go home and get some rest.
novella	The Historia novella is annalistic in form.
noviciate	He was educated at the Jesuit college of Fulda, and entered upon his noviciate in that order at Mainz in 1618.
novitiate	His novitiate was marked by a fervour of humility.
nowhere	The blue truck was nowhere in sight.
novice	In 1726 he entered the Congregation of Missions as a novice, and became a priest in 1726.
nowadays	Yes, everything is different nowadays, everything is changed.
nowise	The bitter invectives against Ammon, Moab, Edom, Philistia, Tyre, Sidon and Egypt, put into Yahweh's mouth, are based wholly on the fact that these peoples are regarded as hostile and hurtful to Israel; Babylonia, though nowise superior to Egypt morally, is favoured and applauded because it is believed to be the instrument for securing ultimately the prosperity of Yahweh's people.
novelty	The novelty of the opinion is also alluded to.
np	We take a fixed line OX, usually drawn horizontally; for each value of X we measure a length or abscissa ON equal to x.L, and draw an ordinate NP at right angles to OX and equal to the corresponding value of y .
nozzle	A stainless steel steam nozzle foams up lattes.
nuance	Because she is a chef, she notices every nuance of flavor in the meal.
noxious	This change, which is called eosinophilia, indicates the production of a noxious substance in the blood.
nth	As early as the nth century the Novgorodians had occasionally penetrated into Siberia; but the fall of the republic and the loss of its north-eastern dependencies checked the advance of the Russians across the Urals.
nub	And here we have the nub of the problem.
nuchal	In accordance with this manner of feeding, the mouth is kept permanently open and prevented from collapsing by a pair of skeletal cornua belonging to a sustentacular apparatus (the nuchal skeleton), the body of which lies within the narrow neck of the proboscis; the latter is inserted into the collar and surrounded by the anterior free flap of this segment of the body.
ntsc	The signal is NTSC, digitized and compressed via a proprietary format and decompressed by a set-top box.
nt	The resultant of these is = 2a cos 2 (k 2 - k i)z cos {nt - 1(k2 -Fk2)z}, = 2a sin 2 (k 2 - ki)z cos {nt - z (k i + k2)z}, which shows that for any fixed value of z the light is plane polarized in a plane making an angle 1(k 2 - ki)z = ir(X i - X7 1)z, with the initial plane of polarization, X 1 and being the wave-lengths of the circular components of the same frequency.
nu	Among later periodicals we may mention Skandia (1833-1837); Literaturbladet (1838-1840); Stallningar och Forhallanden (1838) of Crusenstolpe, a monthly review of Scandinavian history; Tidskrift for Litteratur (1850); Norsk Tidsskrift (1852), weekly, Forr och Nu; and the Revue suedoise (1858) of Kramer, written in French.
nucellus	The development of the ovule, which represents the embryo- Gymnosperms; when mature it consists of one or two sac. coats surrounding the central nucellus, except at the apex where an opening, the micropyle, is left.
nucleation	The organic macromolecules are a vital component of the mineral, being involved in nucleation and growth control, and definition of mechanical properties.
nucleated	HaberIandt has shown that in plant cells, when any new formation of membrane is to take place in a given spot, the nucleus is found in its immediate vicinity; and Klebs found that only that portion of the protoplasm of a cell which contains the nucleus is capable of forming a cell-wall; whilst Townsend has further shown that if the non-nucleated mass is connected by strands of protoplasm to the nucleated mass, either of the same cell or of a neighboring cell, it retains the power of forming a cell-membrane.
nucleolus	The nucleolus shows an unstainable point at the centre known as the endonucleolus or nucleoluolus (Auerbach).
nudge	She stood and gave the chair a nudge with her foot.
nuclei	Nuclei are everywhere present.
nudism	Nudism is the practice of nonsexual social nudity, usually in mixed-sex groups, often at specially defined locations, such as nude beaches or nudist clubs.
nuclear	World War II ushered in the age of nuclear weapons.
nuisance	I know it's a nuisance for you to carry it, but it's important to me.
nugget	Probably the earliest large find was a 17-lb nugget on the Reed Plantation in Cabarrus county in 1799; in the same mine a 28-lb nugget, probably the largest found in eastern United States, was discovered in 1803.
nuke	There were infrastructure keypads and a few of the nuke, bio, electromagnetic, and chem keypads for the East Coast weapons systems.
nudist	The goal of a nudist photographer is to capture the innate beauty of a subject’s body regardless of her height, weight or age.
nugatory	We may be forced to conclude that the interest of the whole affair, so far as authentic history is concerned, is really nugatory, and that the romantic imagination has created a mystery in a fact of no importance.
null	The sentence was null and void, he said.
nucleus	Starch exists, in the majority of cases, in the form of grains, which are composed of stratified layers arranged around a nucleus or hilum.
nullification	President Jackson responded with a proclamation denying the right of nullification, and asked Congress for authority to collect the revenue in South Carolina by force if necessary.
nudity	More or less, absolute nudity among men is characteristic even of the Bahima (Hamites).
numb	Her legs were so numb that she staggered and grabbed the stirrup.
nullity	Besides the ordinary chancery jurisdiction it hears all applications for divorce or nullity of marriage.
nullify	The goal of the discussion was to nullify the Tariff Act of 1832.
numbly	No longer able to register the world around her, she walked numbly towards the first trail she saw.
numbness	Gradually the numbness gave way to pain.
numen	Thus we hear of temples dedicated to Juventas=Hebe (191 B.C.), Diana=Artemis (179 B.C.), Mars=Ares (138 B.C.), and find even such unexpected identifications as that of the Bona Dea - a cult title of the ancient Fauna, the female counterpart of the countryside numen Faunus - with a Greek goddess of women, Damia.
numeracy	Numeracy Promoting maths and encouraging your child to become numerate at home.
numberless	Numberless lakes occur in both East and West Siberia.
numeral	As a numeral C denotes 100.
number	You have my number, don't you?
numerate	The ideal candidate will be very numerate, with an ability to understand complex problems and an ability to present a. .
nude	He now became a nude and beardless youth, the type of the young athlete.
numbering	The Irish numbering 25,000, and strongly posted behind marshy ground, at first maintained a vigorous resistance; but Ginkel having penetrated their line of defence, and their general being struck down by a cannon ball at this critical moment, they were at length overcome and routed with terrible slaughter.
numerator	In the case of fractions of the more general kind, the numerator was written first with ', and then the denominator, followed by , was written twice.
numerically	This last circuit has a natural frequency of its own which is numerically measured by I/27r-!(CL), where C is the capacity of the condenser and L is the inductance of the circuit.
numeration	A decimal system of numeration was used, with numbers going up to io,000.
numina	The worship centres round certain numina, the spirits indwelling in the sacred places of the original round hut in which the family lived.
numerously	Universities have been established at Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide and Hobart, and are well equipped and numerously attended; they are in part supported by grants from the public funds and in part by private endowments and the fees paid by students.
numismatic	The numismatic collection is notable for its series of AngloSaxon coins.
numismatics	For the coinage see NUMISMATICS.
nun	In fact, it was empty, except for the nun who brought her breakfast.
nummulites	The Eocene beds are marine and contain nummulites.
numerical	The numerical values are, it is to be noted, exceedingly small.
nurse	Martha is a trauma nurse in a large Boston hospital.
nuptial	The deeper tints are, however, peculiar to the nuptial plumage, or are only to be faintly traced at other times, so that in winter the adults - and the young always - have a much plainer appearance, ashy-grey and white being almost the only hues observable.
nursemaid	You have been playing nursemaid for two days.
numerous	There are numerous side roads but this is becoming a massive man hunt.
nuncio	Having filled the post of nuncio in England and Spain, he served successive popes as adviser in matters pertaining to heresy and reform.
nurture	I have the same need to nurture and protect.
nut	She was a nut case.
nunnery	There was a Benedictine nunnery here in the 13th century.
nuptials	In 1613 Donne contributed to the Lachrymae lachrymarum an obscure and frigid elegy on the death of the prince of Wales, and wrote his famous Marriage Song for St Valentine's Day to celebrate the nuptials of the elector palatine with the princess Elizabeth.
nutcracker	Those vaguely familiar with the story of The Nutcracker may be surprised to learn that it is not actually a dance performed by the Nutcracker as he leads the toy soldiers to victory over the Mouse King.
nutrition	First, nutrition is a very primitive science.
nutation	James Bradley discovered in 1728 the annual shifting of the stars due to the aberration of light, and in 1748, the complicating effects upon precession of the nutation of the earth's axis.
nutria	There are six species of monkey corresponding to those of Guiana and the Amazon valley, the sloth and ant-eater, 12 known genera of rodents, including many species of Mures, the cavy, the capybara, the paca, the nutria, the agouti, the tree porcupine, Loncheres cristata, Echimys cayen and the Brazilian hare.
nutritionally	They may also be nutritionally deficient in an essential ingredient.
nutriment	In the Hydromedusae they usually, if not invariably, ripen in the ectoderm, but in the neighbourhood of the main sources of nutriment, that is to say, not far from the stomach.
nursing	Jeff's father is dead and his mother is in a nursing home.
nutmeg	The nutmeg is indigenous.
nursery	You've had the nursery ready for him a long time.
nutritionist	In fact, you your doctor or nutritionist may advise you to avoid fast food altogether.
nutrient	The yeast-conidia, which bud off from the conidia or their resulting mycelium when sown in nutrient solutions, are developed in successive crops by budding exactly as in the yeast plant, but they cannot ferment sugar solutions.
nutshell	In a nutshell, organic food has more nutrients.
nutritious	It is exceptionally nutritious, but it disappears altogether in the dry season because of its short roots.
nutting	Once more, on the left, where are seen the well and lilac bushes by the wall, in the now open field, lived Nutting and Le Grosse.
nutritive	Siphons or nutritive appendages, from which the order takes its.
nutter	Just wanted to say sorry for probably seeming like a total nutter leaning over the stage at the gig.
nutritional	It will analyze and record the nutritional content of your meal.
nuts	The chief trade is in, and the principal exports are, palm oil and kernels, rubber, cotton, maize, groundnuts (Arachis), shea-butter from the Bassia parkii (Sapotaceae), fibres of the Raphia vinifera, and the Sansevieria guineensis, indigo, and kola nuts, ebony and other valuable wood.
overcoat	He sat in his short overcoat leaning against a birch tree.
overcrowded	We may need to visit your house to carry out an inspection if you are statutorily overcrowded.
overcrowding	Overcrowding could lead to some real problems.
overdo	Fruit-Dried fruits, like apricots and raisins, are great choices, but don't overdo it.
overdraw	The exception occurs if you overdraw your account.
overcome	She stopped struggling, overcome by feelings.
overdone	I don't want it to look overdone, but I want it to bring out my best features.
overdrawn	Someone going just a few pounds overdrawn can be hit with a huge bill, ' said Dan Newbolt of finance industry journal Moneyfacts.
overdraft	Check to see what overdraft options are offered by your financial institution.
overdose	If taken in overdose or in a concentrated form tartaric acid produces severe gastro-enteritis.
overdrive	Peppers such as cayenne, habanero and jalapeno kick your metabolism into overdrive from 30 minutes to as long as three hours after you eat them.
overdue	Interest was charged at very high rates for overdue loans of this.
overeat	These cats rarely overeat and will soon let you know how much they want.
overestimate	People overestimate how much food they need.
overexert	Drink plenty of fluids and don't overexert yourself.
overexertion	If your fitness regime includes a lot of repetitive movement, it is important to track these exercises to prevent overexertion and muscle strain.
overextended	Then Slobo dropped the guillotine on the witness's overextended neck.
overfed	It is fully hardy, and thrives in any good soil, but should not be overfed with rich manure.
overexposure	Overexposure to sunlight can dehydrate the body.
overfeeding	Obesity due to overfeeding is a common problem in captive reptiles.
overfill	Pour the water into the brewing well, being careful not to overfill.
overflowing	Of course, Clara was handy - and overflowing with information.
overflow	The extent of overflow has thus on each occasion been less.
overhand	Holding all nine strands together, tie an overhand knot with a tail of about three inches.
overhang	The crack in the final overhang provides a fitting climax.
overhear	She froze then looked around to ensure no one was there to overhear them.
overgrowth	It is strongly recommended that the other female hormone, progesterone, be taken by women who have an intact uterus as well, because doing so prevents overgrowth of uterine lining and uterine cancer.
overheard	I overheard something you might want to know.
overhauling	In the battle of Santiago on the 3rd of July Schley, in Sampson's absence, was the senior officer and the Brooklyn did especial service, with the Oregon, in overhauling and disabling the Cristobal Colon.
overheads	Traditional turnaround strategies focus on the need for a swift reduction in internal overheads which can include removal of the existing management team.
overgrown	They are now overgrown with luxuriant vegetation.
overheat	No matter the time of the year, our dogs can still overheat.
overhaul	This abuse resulted in an overhaul of the system that sought to tie the poor to their original parish.
overheating	She was overheating just looking at him.
overhead	Instead of stars overhead, there were ships.
overheads	Traditional turnaround strategies focus on the need for a swift reduction in internal overheads which can include removal of the existing management team.
overheat	No matter the time of the year, our dogs can still overheat.
overhung	A mist overhung the field and the hillsides were slippery with mud.
overheating	She was overheating just looking at him.
overhear	She froze then looked around to ensure no one was there to overhear them.
overheard	I overheard something you might want to know.
overjoyed	I was overjoyed to see my dearest and kindest friend once more.
overkill	The animated combat missions seem quite interesting as well.In addition to the Overkill feature mentioned above, this game of world domination will also include a unique art style and plenty of off-beat humor.
overlaid	The basisphenoids are ventrally overlaid, and FIG.
overlain	In the north the plateau is overlain by red and purple unfossiliferous sandstones, capped near its edge by a cherty limestone also unfossiliferous but possibly of Lower Cretaceous age.
overland	The opening of the overland route to India again brought the west coast of Arabia into importance.
overlap	The syllables overlap, and the hearing is confused.
overlapping	There are five free sepals, overlapping in the bud, and, alternating with these, five free petals.
overlay	Access from keyboard, mouse, touchscreen or overlay keyboard.
overlie	Within this test pit two deposits were found to overlie the natural subsoil.
overload	Just don't overload the phone bill if I come up with some names.
overlong	The Skull Island sequence is slightly overlong with one too many set pieces.
overlook	Someone was building a log house so close that they could overlook her farm.
overlord	Hence the Mercian king must then have been the overlord of London.
overlordship	After him the chief power north of the Tyne came into the hands of a certain Eadulf of Bamburgh, who did not take the kingly title, but accepted the overlordship of Alfred the Great perhaps in 886.
overly	Sometimes he was overly protective.
overlying	That it results from the weight of the overlying strata.
overman	The Ems telegram made the conFranco- tinuance of peace impossible; on the I4th of July Overman Napoleon III.
overmastering	He inspired his preachers and his people with his own spirit and made everything subordinate to his overmastering purpose, the spread of scriptural holiness throughout the land.
overmuch	In order to discount the chances of failure, Bonaparte warned the three Directors that Augereau was a turbulent politician, not to be trusted overmuch.
overpaid	If line 72 is larger than line 60, you overpaid and may be entitled to a refund.
overnight	They had never been anywhere else overnight together.
overplay	It may be appropriate to shock so long as the lighting does n't overplay itself.
overpopulation	Not spaying/neutering our pets results in the tragedy of cat overpopulation.
overpopulated	To deem something overpopulated is to insinuate that the additional users somehow lessen the experience for the existing members in one way or another.
overpower	He couldn't hope to overpower them all at once.
overpass	Do not seek shelter under a bridge or an overpass.
overpay	A gamer should never have to overpay if they can avoid it.
overpowering	That was the overpowering emotion that had come to rule poor Annie's life.
overproduction	Functioning tumors may cause overproduction of sex hormones.
overprotective	Maybe he was merely overprotective.
overridden	He has the right of pardon and a veto of legislative acts, which may be overridden by a two-thirds vote of the members present of each house of the legislature.
overreact	He must be careful not to overreact to unsubstantiated accusations.
overrated	The value of the Pahlavi interpretation was overrated by Spiegel„ Darmesteter, but wholly denied by Roth.
override	A two-thirds majority in each house is necessary to override a veto.
overrule	The king had by a royal edict cumbered the queen-regent with a council and other restrictions, and it was necessary to get the parlement of Paris to overrule the edict and make the queen absolute regent, which was done with the greatest complaisance.
overriding	By 1898 the imperial will, working under partially new conditions, produced continual chaos, and by 1900 succeeded in practically overriding all constitutional restraints.
overrode	But his presence was not observed until they reached their destination, when the jealousy of the Philistines overrode his protestations of fidelity and he was ordered to return.
overreaction	His parent's actions seem very vengeful and an overreaction for what he did.
oversea	From the fact that several Cretan townships passed for colonies of Tegea, it may be inferred that this city had oversea connexions in prehistoric days.
overseas	The news was carried overseas to Henry, who was then in Normandy.
overran	But his son Alexander escaped during the journey, gathered some force, and overran Judaea.
overripe	The mind drops them as a branch drops its overripe fruit.
oversee	I oversee their creation then seal them.
oversaw	Most Guardians did, including Dusty, who personally oversaw every operation in his hemisphere.
overseen	He watched them, recalling a time he'd overseen the training of all Immortal warriors.
oversell	You need to be just as alert and ready to sell yourself, but do n't oversell when people already know you.
overseer	In 1884-1890 he was an overseer of Harvard College.
oversensitive	They fear rejection, need constant reassurance and advice, and are oversensitive to criticism or disapproval.
overshadow	This last question is beginning to overshadow all the rest.
overshoot	While this system could prove useful for female dogs, the lack of sides makes it possible for male dogs to overshoot the tray.
overskirt	On other sealings we find a single overskirt with a pleated underskirt.
overrun	What the Spaniards had then overrun from Mexico to Chile is still Spanish America.
oversight	There was no oversight as we were a privately held company with full autonomy.
overslept	After staying out late at a show, he overslept, missed an important exam and failed the last class he needed to graduate.
oversize	Oversize glasses are available with polarized lenses as well as mirrored and colored lenses.
oversized	He flung himself down into the oversized chair and lifted his boots onto the ottoman.
overspend	It can overspend and rack up public debt and destroy the currency.
overstate	It is difficult to overstate the cultural significance of Woodstock not only to the U.S. but to the world.
overspill	Coventry would also benefit from the overspill of freight traffic from the South East.
overstep	Do n't overstep yourself or rely on all your dreams coming true.
overspread	Its surface is overspread with undulating sand-hills, of from 20 to ioo ft.
overstatement	Irrespective of the wish of women between 25 and 40 to return themselves as under 25, there appears to be the more practical motive of obtaining better terms in industrial insurance, whilst an overstatement of age often has, it.
overstay	But do n't overstay your welcome by partying until the wee hours.
overstuffed	They carried their glasses to the overstuffed sofa and sat facing each other.
overt	The new guest smiled in return but gave no overt sign of knowing the woman.
overstock	If you are interested in discounts, consider visiting outlet malls or overstock stores for surplus or discontinued styles, or opt for less elaborate designs.
overtaken	Again Pierre was overtaken by the depression he so dreaded.
oversupply	This is why the world oversupply of worthless corporate execs has caused executive pay to fall over the last few decades.
overtime	Her heart was beating overtime when one of his hands slid to her neck.
overtax	Carefully study the well-being of your men, and do not overtax them.
overtake	With the bridges open, the threat she'd foreseen was going to overtake the human world.
overthrust	Of all the Asiatic ranges the Himalayan is, geologically, the best known; and the evidence which it affords shows clearly that the folds to which it owes its elevation were produced by an overthrust from the north.
overtone	The first overtone of the second will beat 64 times per second with the third of the first, and at such height in the scale this frequency will be unpleasant.
overtly	To prove that you are not disloyal you have to overtly express support for the most right wing activities of the state.
overthrew	A subsequent revolt overthrew President Andrade in 1900.
overthrown	He was finally overthrown and killed by Hoshang Shah, king of Malwa.
overthrow	I created an army of vamps Eden used to overthrow her enemies while I overthrew mine.
overtook	At one of the post stations he overtook a convoy of Russian wounded.
overview	This page gives an overview of all articles in the 1911 Brittanica which are alphabetized under Orp to Ozo.
overture	It is an overture for peace.
overuse	Has my cataract been caused by overuse of my eyes?
overturn	He carefully worked the ATV down a steep washed out trail that threatened to overturn the vehicle several times.
overweening	The overweening arrogance of the Spaniards soon drove the pope back into the ranks of their enemies.
overwhelming	Harding by an overwhelming vote.
overweighted	Francis was overweighted, and his defeat at Pavia in 1525 made the emperor supreme.
overwhelmingly	People overwhelmingly believed the future would be better, and they were right!
overwinter	The creation of arable field margins and leaving overwinter stubbles followed by a spring crop should help boost local farm bird populations.
overwrite	The status reminder does not overwrite any previous text messages sent.
overwhelm	Sadness threatened to overwhelm him.
overweight	His overweight partner was as quiet as a fawn at dawn.
overwrought	Besides Stephen Petelei (Jetti, a name - Henrietta - Felhok, Clouds ) and Zoltan Ambrus (Pokhdlo Kisasszony, Miss Cobweb ; Gyanu, Suspicion) must be mentioned especially Francis Herczeg, who has published a number of very interesting studies of Hungarian social life (Simon Zsuzsa, Susanna Simon ; Fenn es lenn, Above and Below ; Egy ledny tortenete, The History of a Girl ; Idegenete kozott, Amongst Strangers ); Alexander Brody, who brings a delicate yet resolute analysis to unfold the mysterious and fascinating inner life of persons suffering from overwrought nerves or overstrung mind (A kitlelkil asszony, The Double-Souled Lady ; Don Quixote kisasszony, Miss Don Quixote ; Faust orvos, Faust the Physician ; Tiinder Ilona, Rejtelmek, Mysteries; Az eziest kecske, The Silver Goat ); and Edward Kabos, whose sombre and powerful genius has already produced works, not popular by any means, but full of great promise.
overzealous	Kids learn at their own pace, so do not be overzealous in your expectations of their origami skills.
overwork	Overwork and stress take a toll on general health.
ovine	This continued for several years, and the mortality was so great that its adverse effects upon the ovine population of the country were still perceptible ten years afterwards.
oviduct	In the former, the duct, leading from the ovarian sac, and swelling along its course into the spherical sac, the spermatheca, is highly suggestive of the oviduct and receptaculum of the Eudrilidae.
ovipositor	The female lays her eggs in a slit made by means of her saw-like ovipositor in the leaf or fruit of a tree.
oviparous	Not the least interesting features connected with this strange life-history are the facts that the young may be born by the oviparous or viviparous methods and either gamogenetically or agamogenetically, and may develop into winged forms or remain wingless, and that the males only appear in any number at the close of the season.
ovoid	Both bear their round or ovoid male catkins at the ends of the slender terminal branchlets; the ovoid cones, either terminal or on short lateral twigs, have thick woody scales dilated at the extremity, with a broad disk depressed in the centre and usually furnished with a short spine; at the base of the scales are from three to seven ovules, which become reversed or partially so by compression, ripening into small angular seed with a narrow wing-like expansion.
ow	The crisis Resigna- became acute when the estimates for the year 1909 lion of showed that some 25,000,000 would have to be raised Prince VOfl by additional taxes, largely to meet the cost of the exU OW panded naval programme.
owl	I got the owl so's you'd know we give a hoot.
ovulate	Still cannot figure out when you ovulate?
ovule	The result of fertilization is the development of the ovule into the seed.
own	Was it greedy to want one of their own as well?
owner	I talked the owner into selling her to me.
ox	Now, if you acquire an ox, a new source of energy, you can plow more.
ovum	The result of this is the production of four nuclei, which eventually take up a position at the bottom of the ovum and become separated from one another by vertical cellwalls; these nuclei divide again, and finally three tiers of cells are produced, four in each tier.
oxalate	Sulphuric acid gives a white precipitate of calcium sulphate with strong solutions; ammonium oxalate gives calcium oxalate, practically insoluble in water and dilute acetic acid, but readily soluble in nitric or hydrochloric acid.
owe	I think you owe me an explanation.
oxalis	The other flowers of the lonaas are the papita de San Juan (Begonia geranifolia), with red petals contrasting with the white inner sides, valerians, the beautiful Bomarea ovata, several species of Oxalis, Solanum and crucifers.
oxaloacetate	The oxaloacetate is converted to other 4-carbon intermediates that are transported to photosynthetic cells, where CO 2 is released by decarboxylation.
oxen	The Somali have also large herds of cattle - oxen, sheep and goats.
ovulation	During a process called atresia, eggs are lost at some stage without maturing to ovulation.
oxalic	It is somewhat readily oxidized; nitric acid gives carbonic and oxalic acids, and chromic acid, carbonic and acetic acids.
oxford	The broad Oxford road forms its picturesque main street.
oxblood	Black and oxblood red are the classic Doc Marten colors, although white is fast becoming a popular alternative.
oxbridge	Griffiths plays a maverick but inspirational teacher who wins the adoration of his sixth-formers as they study to win a place at Oxbridge.
oxbow	Oxbow lakes and bayous are common only in the Delta.
oxfam	Luma's suppliers such as those in India are fair trade partners with such organizations as Oxfam and Greenpeace.
ownership	Still, Alex had taken ownership for what he had done.
oxidant	Its aqueous solution gradually decomposes with evolution of oxygen, behaves as a strong oxidant, and liberates iodine from potassium iodide.
oxidase	He was an expert in childhood adversity, monoamine oxidase a genotype, and risk for conduct disorder.
oxidization	The log should be washed in fresh water when practicable, to prevent oxidization of the wheels, and be lubricated with suitable oil through a hole in the case.
oxidizable	Plates of platinum and pure or amalgamated zinc are separated by a porous pot, and each surrounded by some of the same solution of a salt of a metal more oxidizable than zinc, such as potassium.
owing	Its trade is not large, however, owing to the costs of transportation.
oxidation	In practice this oxidation process is continued until the whole of the oxygen is as nearly as possible equal in weight to the sulphur present as sulphide or as sulphate, i.e.
oxidize	Potassium chlorate and hydrochloric acid oxidize phenol, salicylic acid (o-oxybenzoic acid), and gallic acid ([2.3.4] trioxybenzoic acid) to tri chlorpyroracemic acid (isotrichlorglyceric acid), CC13 C(OH)2 C02H, a substance also obtained from trichloracetonitrile, CC1 3 CO CN, by hydrolysis.
oxy	By the condensation of ortho-aminophenols with phosgene or thiophosgene, oxy and thio-derivatives are obtained, the (OH) and (SH) groups being situated in the t t position, and these compounds on treatment with amines yield amino derivatives.
oxime	The carbonyl group is not ketonic in character since it yields neither an oxime nor hydrazone.
oxygen	The noise from the machine that circulated the oxygen frightened her.
oxygenation	The oxygenation process then bleaches the tooth.
oxygenate	Skin color is related to the newborn's ability to oxygenate its body and extremities and is dependent on heart rate and respirations.
oxychloride	An oxychloride of composition S 2 0 3 C1 4 has been described.
oxyhydrogen	In the oxyhydrogen flame silver boils, forming a blue vapour, while platinum volatilizes slowly, and osmium, though infusible, very readily.
oxymoron	It may sound like a bit of an oxymoron, but there are a lot of obscure video games that were remarkably popular during their day.
oyer	A certain number of them hold courts of chancery, general sessions, oyer and terminer, and an orphans' court; the six together constitute the supreme court, but the judge from whose decision appeal is made may not hear the appealed case unless the appeal is made at his own instance.
oyster	The sponge and oyster fisheries are also important.
ozone	Ozone at once attacks rubber, rapidly destroying it.
oz	Our friend Oz is merely a humbug wizard, for he once proved it to me.
pabulum	But it also appears that honeydew may be excreted by ordinary processes of over-turgescence pressing the liquid through water-pores, as in the tropical Caesalpinia, Calliandra, &c. That these exudations on leaves should afterwards serve as pabulum for Fungie.g.
oxide	Half a century later, nitrous oxide came into use as an anesthetic.
paba	Then the prismoid is divided into a pyramid with vertex P and base ABCD ..., and a series of tetrahedra, such as PABa or PAab.
pacemaker	There is a chance she may have to have a pacemaker in the future.
pachisi	The favourite game of patolli has been already mentioned for its similarity to the pachisi of modern India.
pacha	The King's Own was a vast improvement, in point of construction, upon Frank Mildmay; and he went on, through a quick succession of tales, Newton Forster (1832), Peter Simple (1834), Jacob Faithful (1834), The Pacha of Many Tales (1835), Japhet in Search of a Father (1836), Mr Midshipman Easy (1836), The Pirate and the Three Cutters (1836), till he reached his highwater mark of constructive skill in Snarley-yow, or the Dog Fiend (1837).
pa	This guy—Josh was his name—he was like a manager for pa.
pace	Dean began to slowly pace the room.
pacific	There was a crude map to the Pacific Crest Inn.
p	He'd better watch his P's and Q's.
pacificator	In 1845 an attempt to restore the federal union failed; in 1851 Carrera defeated the Federalist forces of Honduras and Salvador at La Arada near Chiquimula, and was recognized as the pacificator of the republic. In 1851 a new constitution was promulgated, and Carrera was appointed president till 1856, a dignity which was in 18J4 bestowed upon him for life.
pacify	Then Henry set to work to pacify and restore prosperity to his kingdom.
pack	Later she helped him pack his things in the car.
pacifically	Several of them thought of restoring the lost empire by force, and thus giving a pendant to the fourth crusade; but the Curia finally realized the enormous difficulties of such a project, and convinced themselves that the only practical solution of the difficulty was to come to an understanding with the Palaeologi and realize pacifically the long-dreamed Church.
pacifism	After America's entrance into the World War he upheld pacifism, and in Sept.
pacification	But the pacification was only on the surface.
pacifist	The pacifist manufacturer was a conflicted individual during wartime.
packed	I packed enough food for Jack for three days.
packet	A small packet wrapped in tissue fell to her lap.
packable	High quality lip glosses, pigmented blushes and their signature hook up line of portable cream eye shadows, mascara and gloss wands, make creating a personal palette packable, interchangeable and affordable.
pacifier	Allow your baby to sleep with a pacifier.
packer	Ensure that a till, which has no packer at it, remains that way.
packaged	The bone should be finally packaged in a double sterile container.
pad	She handed me a pad and pencil.
paddle	Had a heavy wooden door with a big ol' paddle lock.
package	It was a package deal.
paddock	They arrived at the paddock where he found her last night.
pact	By a pact concluded on Jan.
paddy	Rice in the husk is known as paddy.
padded	He shrugged and padded down the hall.
packaging	Introduce a new product, innovation, packaging or other change to an existing product.
packing	There was shopping and packing to be done before they left on vacation.
padishah	The recognition of the imperial title (padishah) was at last conceded to the Russian tsars.
padlock	The door to C was bolted with a new padlock.
padding	Padding barefoot across the footbridge, she joined Alex.
padre	Programs for analyzing molecular shape and measuring shape complementarity for docked complexes are available for download, including FADE and PADRE.
paean	The word paean is now used in the sense of any song of joy or triumph.
pagan	In Pagan times Berchta had the rank of a minor deity.
pageant	The night was clear and cool, the sky a beautiful pageant of dark blue silk and brilliant stars, of streaking meteors and two glowing orbs.
paeony	In spring the traveller crosses a sea of grass above which the flowers of the paeony, aconite, Orobus, Carallic, Saussurea and the like wave 4 or 5 ft.
paganism	The moral superiority of Christianity to paganism was speedily obvious.
paella	Yully's shepherd pie and Bianca's paella did nothing to fill the gnawing hole within him.
pageantry	Even in the way of pageantry and martial exercise it did not long survive the middle ages.
paging	The general is paging me.
pager	To make communication with the Clerks easier each has a pager.
pagoda	A lofty Chinese pagoda was erected in 1761.
pail	I had to carry the pail up the hill.
pagination	This allows for customizable home screens, complete with app shortcuts and widgets, as well as an iPhone-style pagination for the various apps in the main menu.
pain	The pain threatened to cripple him again.
pah	This family contains the paired amphipathic helix (PAH) repeat.
pained	He turned on Megan with a pained expression.
page	She watched him turn a page and touch it.
painfully	She crossed her legs painfully and stared down at her sandwich.
painlessly	We've built up a great team over the years, and they make a potentially tricky project come together very painlessly.
paint	I had to bring you here so I could paint a portrait.
painstaking	The vestment was a monument of careful and painstaking research, profusely illustrated.
painless	Everything will be completely painless from here on out.
paintbrush	In addition to Nature's Paintbrush and Over the River, Yankee added three other new scents to its 2011 fall collection.
painter	His success at this period as a painter was considerable.
painstakingly	Sonya read painstakingly in her high-pitched voice.
painting	I didn't want you to see the painting until it was done.
painterly	I like the contradiction between the craft of working with metal, and the very painterly image which I aim to achieve on paper.
pair	Carmen made a ball out of a pair of socks.
paintwork	Care must be taken when fitting not to scratch the bike paintwork.
painful	It'll be a slow, painful death.
pajamas	She wore silk pajamas and a woolen sweater.
pains	Shall we with pains erect a heaven of blue glass over ourselves, though when it is done we shall be sure to gaze still at the true ethereal heaven far above, as if the former were not?
palace	Some large bird has stolen it from his palace.
pakistani	Pakistan on its part denies their presence in any Pakistani jail.
paladin	An aged paladin, somewhat uxorious and always penniless, he was a typical knight errant, whose wanderings led him all over Europe, and planted him successively on the thrones of Jerusalem and Constantinople.
paisley	This authorized biography by broadcaster John Keith has been written with the co-operation of the Paisley family.
palaeobotany	In recent years the science of vegetable palaeontology has been given the distinct name of Palaeobotany, so that palaeontology e' among biologists mainly refers to zoology; but historically the two cannot be disconnected.
palaeobotanical	The fossil plants which are found in the upper beds of the preceding Devonian system are so closely related to those in the Lower Carboniferous, that from a palaeobotanical standpoint the two form one indivisible period.
pal	Is your pal Howie mixed up in any of that kinky stuff like that?
paid	I paid the electric and water bill this week.
pairing	The cry of this great cat, which is heard at night, and most frequently during the pairing season, is deep and hoarse in tone, and consists of the sound pu, pu, often repeated.
palaeogeography	Palaeontology both borrows from and sheds light upon geology and other branches of the physical history of the earth, each of which, such as palaeogeography or palaeometeorology, is the more fascinating because of the large element of the unknown, the need for constructive imagination, the appeal to other branches of biological and physical investigation for supplementary evidence, and the necessity of constant comparison with the present aspects of nature.
palaeographer	He was a good palaeographer, and excelled in textual criticism, in examination of authorship, and other such matters, while his vast erudition and retentive memory made him second to none in interpretation and exposition.
palaeolithic	In the Grotta dei Colombi objects of the Palaeolithic age have been found.
palaeontologist	The public buildings include the town hall, a fine and commodious house on the site of the old tolbooth; the Falconer museum, containing among other exhibits several valuable fossils, and named after Dr Hugh Falconer (1808-1865), the distinguished palaeontologist and botanist, a native of the town; the mechanics' institute; the agricultural and market hall; Leanchoil hospital and Anderson's Institution for poor boys.
palaeography	He afterwards became keeper of manuscripts at the Bibliotheque Nationale in Paris, and professor of palaeography at the Ecole des Chartes.
paired	Hinds believe that the paired piercers are the inner lobes of the maxillae, and the unpaired piercer the left mandible, the right mandible being absent.
palatability	The difference between the two phenomena is essential and evident; but without experimental information as to palatability it is impossible to know with certainty to which of the two a particular case of mimicry is to be assigned.
palatable	The snapper is at once the handsomest and most palatable of a good variety of sea fish.
palaeontology	Palaeontology is the study of the fossils found in the various strata of which the earth is composed.
palaestra	The priests deserted the Temple for the palaestra and the young nobles wore the Greek cap. The Jews of Jerusalem were enrolled as citizens of Antioch.
palatial	The Taj Mahal hotel, which was built by the Tata family in 1904, is the most palatial and modern hotel in India.
pale	His face looked pale and he rode with an alien stiffness.
palatal	One general feature of the adult bird's skull is the almost complete disappearance of the sutures between the bones of the cranium proper, whilst another is the great movability of the whole palatal and other suspensorial apparatus.
palaver	Then there was the usual palaver about what people voted for in 1975.
palatinate	He died in 1799, and Maximilian Joseph, the head of the Zweibriicken branch, inherited Bavaria and the Palatinate.
palatine	Several letters between 1643 and 1649 are addressed to the princess Elizabeth, the eldest daughter of the ejected elector palatine, who lived at The Hague, where her mother maintained the semblance of a royal court.
palea	In immediate relation with the flower itself, and often entirely concealing it, is the palea or pale ( upper pale of most systematic agrostologists).
paleness	Symptoms of allergic reaction include swelling in the mouth or throat, trouble breathing, weakness, hoarseness or wheezing, a fast heart beat, hives, dizziness, paleness, and a high fever.
paled	It looked nice against her winter paled skin.
palaeozoic	Both to the east and to the west of this depression the Archean and Palaeozoic rocks which form the greater part of the island are strongly folded, with the exception of the uppermost beds, which belong to the Permian system.
paleocene	The Tertiary formations have been assigned to six periods; these are termed - Paleocene, Eocene, Oligocene, Miocene, Pliocene, Pleistocene, and each has its own botanical peculiarities.
palate	The incisors are very large; and the palate of the skull is narrow.
paleontology	If you are on the west coast, don't miss the Ruth Hall Museum of Paleontology.
paleolithic	In general, the Paleolithic diet focuses on eating as close to exactly as our ancestors did.
palfrey	While Edward's army paused, Bruce, mounted on a palfrey, was attacked by Sir Henry Bohun.
palimpsest	In that year, however, Angelo Mai discovered in the Ambrosian library at Milan a palimpsest manuscript (and, later, some additional sheets of it in the Vatican), on which had been originally written some of Fronto's letters to his royal pupils and their replies.
pali	Thus Burma possesses two kinds of literature, Pali and Burmese.
paling	He glanced up sharply, his lips thinning down and his face paling.
palestinian	This Palestinian town was in the 16th century the headquarters of the Kabbala.
palette	Machines can actually do a very limited palette of things.
pall	The silence hung like a pall over the room as Cynthia wiped down the already spotless counter.
palisade	They at once built a palisade fort about 200 ft.
palingenesis	Ilaeckel and Fritz Muller) palingenesis has been used for the exact reproduction of ancestral features by inheritance, as opposed to kenogenesis (Gr.
pallet	Just make a pallet with some blankets.
palla	Many species of antelope are found, mostly in small numbers, including the kudu, hartebeest, the sable and roan antelope, the white tailed and the brindled gnu, waterbuck, red buck, duiker, blesbok, palla, springbuck (numerous), steinbok, grysbok and klipspringer.
palladian	It is a stone building in Palladian style, and contains a number of splendid paintings and much fine wood-carving.
palliate	Manganese by itself rather lessens than increases the malleableness and, indeed, the general merit of the metal, but it is added intentionally, in quantities even as large as 1 5 to palliate the effects of sulphur and oxygen.
palliation	This proved a palliation of his difficulty, but not a solution.
pallia	The greater part of Tuscany, however, is taken up by lower hills, which form no part of the Apennines, being divided from the main chain by the valleys of the Arno, Chiana (Clanis) and Paglia (Pallia).
palladium	Platinum, palladium and tin are occasionally deposited for special purposes.
pallid	His frowning face was pallid and quivered.
palm	He gazed at it in the palm of his hand.
pallial	In these there are neither branchia nor osphradium, and the pallial chamber which retains its large open ing serves as a lung.
pallor	She hadn't noticed his pallor beneath his copper skin, but she saw it now.
palliative	The true palliative of famine is to be found in the improvement of methods of transport, which make it possible rapidly to convey food from one district to another.
palmar	To achieve this block the foot is held up, and the palmar vessels are palpated over the palmar aspect of the sesamoid bones.
pally	You were quite pally with the Damned and Motorhead?
pallium	According to Agathangelus, Tiridates went to Rome with Gregory, Aristaces, son of Gregory, and Albianos, head of the other priestly family, to make a pact with Constantine, newly converted to the faith, and receive a pallium from Silvester.
palmated	As regards their distinctive features, the antlers are of a complex type and situated close to the occipital ridge of the skull, and thus far away from the sockets of the eyes, with the brow-tines in adult males palmated, laterally compressed, deflected towards the middle of the face, and often unsymmetrically developed.
palmately	Its leaves are palmately compound with 3-5 leaflets, the middle one being the largest.
palmate	Palmate palm trees are noted for having fan-like leaves.
palmer	Palmer was originally settled in 1716, but received a notable accession of population from a large Scotch-Irish colony which went from Ulster to Boston in 17 i 8.
palmetto	There are fine hotels, club houses and cottages, and the Palmetto Golf Links near the city are probably the finest in the southern states; fox-hunting, polo, tennis and shooting are among the popular sports.
palmist	In Syria and Egypt the palmist can be seen plying his trade at the cafes; and among the Arabs there are chiromantists who are consulted as to the probable success of enterprises.
palomino	Not only does she use our feed, her striking palomino is also called ' Bailey ' ... !
palmy	Duke William was able, restless and adventurous, an ideal knight of the palmy days of chivalry.
palmyra	The earliest mention of Palmyra is in 2 Chron.
palmistry	At the present day palmistry is practised in nearly all parts of China.
palmitic	These discoveries of Geoffroy and Scheele formed the basis of Chevreul's researches by which he established the constitution of oils and the true nature of soap. In the article Oils it is pointed out that all fatty oils and fats are mixtures of glycerides, that is, of bodies related to the alcohol glycerin C 3H5(OH)3 i and some fatty acid such as palmitic acid (C 16 H 31 0 2)H.
palpable	His pain was almost palpable, and she couldn't help feeling it was too raw for him to fake.
palp	They usually consist of an inner and an outer lobe arising from a basal piece, which bears also in some genera a small palp (see Aptera).
palpably	Why he submitted to a discipline palpably unsuited to his fiery spirit we cannot tell.
palpation	Students give and receive massage, learning a range of techniques, including acupressure, channel work and palpation.
palpate	The doctor will take the child's temperature, gently palpate (touch) the skin over the parotid glands, and look inside the child's mouth.
palpiform	Limulus thus agrees with Scorpio and differs from the Crustacea, in which there are three prosthomeres - one ocular and two carrying palpiform appendages.
palpi	Maxillary and labial palpi are also present, and the latter, together with the labrum or lower lip, form the rostrum.
palsy	Cerebral palsy in infants may not be diagnosed until a child is several months old.
paltry	Human griefs seem little worth assuaging; human happiness too paltry (at the best) to be worth increasing.
palpitation	Problems caused by atrial fibrillation 1 The palpitation itself may be unpleasant.
palus	The lakes Averno (Avernus), Lucrino (Lucrinus), Fusaro (Palus Acherusia), and Agnano are within this group, which has shown activity in historical times.
pamper	But you need to pamper yourself a little.
pan	He tucked the pan into the cabinet.
pam	Jill's behavior is becoming even more dangerous for Pam.
pampa	The La Pampa territory also is dotted with small lakes.
pamphleteer	Charles opened a small business as an apothecary in Dublin, and between 1735 and 1741 he began his career as a pamphleteer by publishing papers on professional matters which led to legislation requiring inspection of drugs.
panama	In 1879 a congress assembled in the rooms of the Geographical Society at Paris, under the presidency of Admiral de la Ronciere le Noury, and voted in favour of the making of the Panama Canal.
pampas	The plains are covered by a formation similar to that of the Argentine pampas and by the alluvial deposits of the present rivers.
panacea	He finds his panacea in the concrete life of humanity.
panamanian	Notwithstanding, Panamanian Foundations not only benefit from the territoriality principle already referred to.
pancake	They were served a kind of pancake that Bordeaux said was made from ground Mesquite beans.
panache	I'm not sure I could tell the VP to sit down and shut up with the same panache you have.
pamphlet	In 1841 he published a pamphlet on the Elruge .
panda	A commission 1 Umtonga had been originally designated by Panda as his successor.
pandemic	Will wearing a mask protect me from pandemic flu?
pancreas	The part of the pancreas in digestion also is better understood.
pandemonium	All pandemonium broke loose outside.
pancreatic	Hoek himself proposes to call them pancreatic glands.
pandanus	Plantains, tree-ferns, bamboos, several Calami, and other palms, and Pandanus, are abundant at the lower levels.
pander	From his ascetic standpoint the revocation of the edict could only pander to drunkenness and immorality.
pane	Would you scratch that on a window pane for me? she teased.
panegyrical	If a collection could be made of all the gazettes of Europe, for the latter half of the 18th century, a greater number of panegyrical paragraphs upon le grand Franklin would appear, it is believed, than upon any other man that ever lived.
panegyrist	He had outgrown his early Liberalism and become the chief panegyrist of the house of Hohenzollern.
pang	Gabriel felt a pang of guilt.
panegyric	Rousseau, a fervid panegyric showing a good deal of talent but no power of criticism.
pandora	Go back to index Why was it called Symbion pandora?
pangolin	The name scaly anteater is applied to the pangolin; the banded anteater (Myrmecobius fasciatus) is a marsupial, and the spiny anteater (Echidna) is one of the monotremes (see Marsupialia and Monotremata).
panelling	Painted tiles are largely used as panelling for the walls.
panic	Panic swelled within her.
panicky	When the baby was late, I started getting restless, irritable, and panicky.
panhandle	The massive lake was roughly round with a panhandle on the side nearest the fortress.
panicle	The spikelets form a loose panicle,)(Ix.
panicled	The minute flowers are arranged in spikelets somewhat as in grasses, and these again in larger spike-like or panicled inflorescences.
panicum	The other cereals, millet and panico sorgo (Panicum italicum), have lost much of their importance in consequence of the introduction of maize and rice.
panhellenic	Long before the overthrow of Pisa the list of contests had been so enlarged as to invest the celebration with a Panhellenic character.
pannier	With his silver pride and joy secured to the bike rack, a spare change of clothes and rain gear in his pannier and some fruit and crackers for a snack, he rolled away from town to the peace and quiet of the countryside.
panorama	The summit is flat and quite bare of vegetation, but the panorama in every direction is extremely grand.
panel	He sighed but tactfully closed the panel on his side.
panoply	There was ice everywhere, a panoply of shapes and forms.
panopticon	It was revised and kept alive by Jeremy Bentham in his fanatical scheme for a panopticon or inspection house, described as a circular building, an iron cage glazed, a glass lantern as large as Ranelagh, with the cells on the outer circumference.
panning	The washing is repeated until enough of the enriched sand is collected, when the gold is finally recovered by careful washing or panning out in a smaller pan.
pansy	What a pansy he must think she was.
panoramic	From the lip of the pond, the panoramic scene was breathtaking.
pantaloon	He raised what looked like a pantaloon.
pantheist	A pantheist may believe in Law of Nature and go no further; a theist who accepts Law of Nature has a large instalment of natural theology ready made to his hand; including an idealist, or else an intuitionalist, scheme of ethics.
pant	The chief, whose title is Pant Pratinidhi, is a Brahman by caste.
pantheistic	The Arabic scholar Averroes gave Aristotle to western Europe in a pantheistic garb, and thus influenced medieval scientists.
pantheism	Some uncertainty may be felt whether pantheism should rank as a theism.
pantheon	Near Regensburg is the pantheon of German worthies, known as the Valhalla.
pantheistically	On the question of universals he endeavoured to steer a middle course between the pantheistically inclined realism of Duns Scotus and the extreme nominalism of William of Occam.
pantile	Its mud and pantile dwellings are here and there relieved by a mosque tower, but the aspect of the town is far from inviting.
panther	He'd gone still, like a panther about to launch itself.
panto	As the panto dame was saying Oh, I don't believe in ghosts the doors into the circle suddenly slammed shut!
pantomime	This could be the pantomime of mining, farming, or hiking.
panzer	Please also note that ' Kugelblitz ' was a name given to other German weapons, including a flak panzer.
pantyhose	Cynthia said as she snuggled on her pantyhose.
panzers	If the French had used this red plastic in their Maginot Line, then Hitler's Panzers would never have made it to Paris.
pap	This is mindless pap at its most mindless that has no originality at all, offering nothing new to the genre.
papa	Papa wants to take him fishing.
papain	These include such bodies as pepsin, diastase, the pancreatic ferments, papain, the pine-apple ferment, taka-diastase and others, and serve to convert starch into saccharine substances, or albumen into peptone and albumoses.
pantry	The pantry stood hidden behind a closet near the bar.
papaya	The Fruit Blend, for example, contains powdered tangerine, apple, mango, papaya, plum and dozens more fruits, some exotic and some prosaic.
paper	I put aside the paper and tried to nap.
papaw	He had Papaw's face, with wrinkles around his eyes and a kind smile.
pants	Then I slipped trying to rub mud on my pants to cover it up.
papaver	In summer, it has pretty bright yellow flowers. £ 3.75 (Papaver orientalis) Oriental poppy A hardy perennial poppy.
panties	She didn't own a swimsuit, so bra and panties had been her option.
paperback	Evelyn grinned and tossed a paperback at Kiera.
paperless	You can elect to receive paper statements and pay your bill by mail, or you can choose to go paperless and handle your account online.
papery	The papery hospital gown was rough beneath her palms, the dark room too cold.
papilionaceous	In the low brushwood scattered over portions of the dreary plains of the Kandahar table-lands, we find leguminous thorny plants of the papilionaceous sub-order, such as camel-thorn (Hedysarum Alhagi), Astragalus in several varieties, spiny rest-harrow (Ononis spinosa), the fibrous roots of which often serve as a tooth-brush; plants of the sub-order Mimosae, as the sensitive mimosa; a plant of the rue family, called by the natives lipdtd; the common wormwood; also certain orchids, and several species of Salsola.
papilla	In some cases the region where the penetration of the male organ takes place is indicated on the oosphere by a hyaline receptive spot (Oedogonium, Vaucheria, &c.), or by a receptive papilla consisting of hyaline cytoplasm (Peronosporeae).
papal	He must preserve the papal conquests which he had inherited from Alexander VI.
papillary	The communication with the atrium is guarded by a valvula cardiaca dextra, which only in function represents the mammalian tricuspid; it consists of an oblique reduplication of the muscular fibres together with the endocardiac lining of the right ventricle, while the opposite wall is convex and forms neither a velum nor papillary muscles, nor chordae tendineae.
paperwork	Got the divorce paperwork to prove it.
paperweight	Some are formed together in one piece, which means when the bulb burns out, the lamp either becomes a paperweight or trash.
papilloma	Once all visible papilloma was removed, residual mucosa was removed by using a diamond burr to polish bone at the site of origin.
papillae	It is covered with numerous large papillae, and forms, like the trunk of the elephant, an admirable organ for the examination and prehension of food.
papistical	The second edition in English appeared at Edinburgh in 1611, and in the preface to it Napier states he intended to have published an edition in Latin soon after the original publication in 1593, but that, as the work had now been made public by the French and Dutch translations, besides the English editions, and as he was advertised that our papistical adversaries wer to write larglie against the said editions that are alreadie set out, he defers the Latin edition till having first seene the adversaries objections, I may insert in the Latin edition an apologie of that which is rightly done, and an amends of whatsoever is amisse.
papist	He was almost as bitter against Wyatt and Mason, whom he denounced as a papist, and the violence of his conduct led Francis I.
paprika	I wouldn't use paprika if using chili and garam masala.
papacy	In 1815 it returned to the papacy, but was united to Italy in 1860.
pappus	Pappus quotes from three books of Mechanics and from a work called Barulcus, both by Hero.
par	The rate at which the exchange was effected was par with a cash bonus of 6%.
papuan	Previous to the existence of the strait, and across its site, there poured into Australia a wealth of Papuan forms. Along the Pacific slope of the Queensland Cordillera these found in soil and climate a congenial home.
parable	It was a parable of impending doom.
papyrus	The words map and chart are derived from mappa and charta, the former being the Latin for napkin or cloth, the latter for papyrus or parchment.
para	The region, which abounds in valuable rubber forests, was settled by Bolivians between 1870 and 1878, but was invaded by Brazilian rubber collectors during the next decade and became tributary to the rubber markets of Manaos and Para.
parabolic	Here Jesus' teaching contains no parables and but three allegories, the Synoptists present it as parabolic through and through.
papyri	Coptic papyri mainly contain Biblical or religious texts or monastic deeds.
parabola	By joining the points so obtained the parabola may be described.
parachute	The helicopter righted itself fast, and she saw the parachute Brady had been trying to release by smashing his fist against the control box in the ceiling.
paraboloid	A rotifer may be regarded as typically a hemisphere or half an oblate spheroid or paraboloid with a mouth somewhere on the flat end (disk or corona), which bears a usually double ciliated ring, the outer zone the cingulum, and inner the trochus.
parade	The crowd cheered as one and the parade began.
parachutist	On one occasion we stopped for a very long time and while gawking out of the window we saw a parachutist coming down.
paraclete	And in One Holy Ghost, the Paraclete, who spake in the Prophets, 9.
paradox	To abandon this certainty can leave us with a skeptical paradox that is genuinely depressing.
paradigm	It showed an emerging paradigm for intelligent agents.
paradoxically	Yet, almost paradoxically, failure is also part of becoming wise.
paradoxical	He was not only paradoxical to the verge of craziness, but intolerant to the verge of bigotry.
paragraph	The explanation indicated in the last paragraph applies to this case also Type II.
paraffin	The dipterous garden pests, such as the onion fly, carrot fly and celery fly, can best be kept in check by the use of paraffin emulsions and the treatment of the soil with gas-lime after the crop is lifted.
paragon	We may conclude that Sappho was not utterly vicious, though by no means a paragon of virtue.
paradise	Its old-fashioned garden was the paradise of my childhood.
paraguayan	The dried leaves and smaller twigs of mate (Paraguayan tea-hlex paraguayensis) are exported to the southern Spanish American republics, where (as in Rio Grande do Sul) the beverage is exceedingly popular.
parainfluenza	There are several vaccinations effective against different kennel cough viruses, particularly against the parainfluenza virus and types one and two of canine adenoviruses.
parakeet	The species that has the widest range, and that by far, is the common Ring-necked Parakeet, Palaeornis torquatus, a well-known cage-bird which is found from the mouth of the Gambia across Africa to the coast of the Red Sea, as well as throughout the whole of India, Ceylon and Burmah to Tenasserim.
paraguay	The boundary with Paraguay was definitely settled in 187 2.
parallel	They walked parallel to an abandoned highway for a couple of hours until they reached the second fed site.
paraldehyde	Paraldehyde is moderately soluble in water, and when distilled with sulphuric acid is reconverted into the ordinary form.
paralleled	This conversion of earthwork into stone in the age of Severus can be paralleled from other parts of the Roman empire.
parallax	For the relation of this inequality to the solar parallax see Moon.
parallactic	If three plates (or three sets of exposures on one plate) are taken at intervals of six months, when the stars in the region have their maximum parallactic displacements, the first and third plates serve to eliminate the proper motion of the star, and the detection of a parallax is easy.
parallelism	In both these rites we seem to have a duplication of ritual, and the parallelism of sacrifice and liberation is clear.
parallelogram	The mechanical idea, named the parallelogram of velocities, permits a ready and easy graphical representation of these facts.
paralyse	The remembrance of the fatal day of Vendemiaire 1795 perhaps helped to paralyse the majority.
paralogism	In 1628 Castelli published a small work, Della misura dell' acque correnti, in which he satisfactorily explained several phenomena in the motion of fluids in rivers and canals; but he committed a great paralogism in supposing the velocity of the water proportional to the depth of the orifice below the surface of the vessel.
paralyze	Jackson winced as if the pain would paralyze him.
paralysed	National Hospital for Paralysed and Epileptics; Bloomsbury (1859).
paralyses	It is indicated in paralyses (chiefly functional), and is most valuable in the treatment of post-diphtheritic paralysis.
paramedic	He served in the first Gulf War as a member of the Navy and then worked as a paramedic for 12 years after getting out of the military.
paralytic	In his last years Ivan was a paralytic. He died on the 29th of January 1696.
paramagnetic	If this view is correct, it may also be possible to prepare magnetic alloys of chromium, the only other paramagnetic metals of the iron group.
paralysis	He died of paralysis on the 30th of May 1833.
parameter	Transmit antennas also have parameter - a maximum power rating.
paramount	His happiness was of paramount importance.
parametric	Parametric analyzes showed a significant linear relationship between increasing proportions of horizontally averted gaze and increased rCBF in the MPF cortex.
paramilitary	In the paramilitary organization that relied on secrecy and loyalty to survive, the soldiers followed the man they trusted most.
paramour	The dose was offered to him by his wife, who had been unfaithful to him and sought to set her paramour on his throne.
paramo	The general elevation of this range is lower than paramo, or range, north-east of Bogota (16,700 ft.).
paranoia	Silence followed, and she wondered if her paranoia had caused her to imagine it.
paraphernalia	We don't know if Quinn's paraphernalia has anything to do with your dreams.
paranoid	Was I paranoid, feeling we were under assault?
parapet	The parapet on top was some 3 ft.
paraphrase	In 1701 he published A Paraphrase upon the Gospel of St Matthew, which was followed, in 1702, by the Paraphrases upon the Gospels of St Mark and St Luke, and soon afterwards by a third volume upon St John.
paraphrastic	The translation, as a whole, is good, and adheres very closely to the Hebrew text, which has not been without its influence on the Aramaic idiom; at times, especially in the poetical passages, a freer and more paraphrastic method is employed, and the version shows evident traces of Halakhic and Haggadic expansion.
paraphyses	The hypothecium is the basal part of the apothecium on which the hymenium is borne; the latter consists of asci (thecae) with ascospores, and paraphyses.
paraplegic	The human protagonist of the story, Jake Sully, is a paraplegic former Marine.
paraplegia	Lower lesions, causing paraplegia, are less likely to affect breathing.
paranormal	A man in Bristol, England, a former businessman, is a long-time explorer of paranormal phenomenon.
parapodium	Typically, the parapodium consists of two processes of the body on each side, each of which bears a bundle of setae; these two divisions of the limb are termed.
parapsychologist	I see no reason why we should always accept the skeptic 's view of events rather than the parapsychologist 's.
paraquat	Other notable inventions include Perspex, Paludrine (an anti-malaria drug ), and the weedkiller paraquat.
parapodia	Where locomotive appendages (the parapodia of the Polychaeta) exist, they are never jointed, as always in the Arthropoda; nor are they modified anteriorly to form jaws, as in that group.
parapsychology	As part of his work at Duke, Rhine and his wife Louisa created a scientific structure around the emerging field of parapsychology and attempted to quantify psi or psychic abilities.
parasitical	Ancients infected by parasitical creatures evolved to become the Wraith.
parasitically	The mildew is in its turn attacked by a fungus of the same tribe, Cicinnobolus Cesatii, which lives parasitically within the hyphae of its host, and at times even succeeds in destroying it.
parasitoid	Once the parasitoid larva hatches from the egg it will kill and consume the larva of the gall wasp.
parasite	The generic name of Trypanosoma was conferred by Gruby in 1843 upon the wellknown parasite of frogs.
parasitism	The various degrees of parasitism are to a certain extent explained by the foregoing.
parasitic	The parasitic cycle has been broken, and the insect is no longer infected.
parasiticide	Carbolic acid is an efficient parasiticide, and is largely used in destroying the fungus of ringworm and of the skin disease known as pityriasis versicolor.
parasitology	Of late years considerable progress has taken place in our knowledge of these organisms, research upon them having been stimulated by the realization of their extreme importance in medical parasitology.
parasol	Dorothy must take her parasol and open it suddenly when the wooden folks attack her.
parasympathetic	Parasympathetic ganglion cell-Type of nerve cell normally found in the wall of the colon.
paratroops	It is well known that despite the heroic and bloody defensive action of the Royal Marines the Island was captured by German paratroops.
parathyroid	Individuals with MEN 1 can show symptoms of excessive parathyroid secretion by age five, and almost all individuals with MEN 1 show parathyroid symptoms by age 40.
parcel	The parcel contained a beautiful lavender dress, causing Cynthia to let out a slight gasp.
pardon	Pardon me, are you unwell?
parcelling	We find it needful to retain both terms, Renaissance and Revival of Learning, and 1 For a somewhat different view of the parcelling out into such periods, see the article Middle Ages.
parchment	The British Museum also contains the original parchment of the Articles of the Baron.
pare	Accord ' This manifesto, which was bitterly attacked in the North, was agreed upon (October 18, 1854) by the three ministers after several meetings at Ostend and at Aix-la-Chapelle, arranged in pursuance of instructions to them from President Pierce to corn-, pare opinions, and to adopt measures for perfect concert of action in aid of the negotiations at Madrid on the subject of reparations demanded from Spain by the United States for alleged injuries to American commerce with Cuba.
parent	What causes a parent to love one child more than another?
parental	Kids often digress when out from under parental control.
pardonable	Mistakes under such circumstances are pardonable.
parenchymatous	A solid fungal body may usually be seen to consist of separate hyphae, but in some cases these are so bent and closely interwoven that an appearance like that of ordinary parenchymatous tissue is obtained in section, the structure being called pseudo parenchyrna.
parenteral	Children who cannot or will not eat, or who are unable to absorb nutrients taken by mouth, may be fed intravenously (parenteral nutrition) or through a tube inserted into the gastrointestinal tract (enteral nutrition).
parentheses	For each of these arenas, collect the number of points in parentheses.
parenthesis	Sometimes the number is just placed in parenthesis.
parenchyma	This passes gradually into the thinner-walled parenchyma of the inner cortex.
parenthood	Parenthood is a responsibility that no one should take likely!
paresis	Effects on the muscles can range from mild weakness or partial paralysis (paresis) to complete loss of voluntary control of a muscle or group of muscles (plegia).
parentage	Nothing is known of his parentage, birthplace or early life.
parfait	In tall parfait glasses, layer the yogurt, fruit, and granola.
parhelic	Passing through the luminary and parallel to the horizon, there is a white luminous circle, the parhelic circle (P), on which a number of images of the luminary appear.
pariah	Shortly Tom came upon the juvenile pariah of the village, Huckleberry Finn, son of the town drunkard.
parhelia	Less brilliant are the parhelia of the outer halo.
parian	The temple is entirely of Pentelic marble, except the foundations and lowest step of the stylobate, which are of Peiraic stone, and the zophoros of the cella, which is in Parian marble.
parishioner	A clergyman was threatened for visiting a parishioner who was under the ban of the League.
parity	In doing so they carried out with great exactitude the principle of dualism, establishing in form a complete parity between Hungary on one side and the other territories of the king on the other.
park	I took the shortest way through the little park behind the palace.
paring	In 1889, at Windsor, prizes were awarded for a fruit and vegetable evaporator, a paring and coring machine, a dairy thermometer, parcel post butter-boxes to carry different weights, and a vessel to contain preserved butter.
parietal	Part of the membranous roof between the supra-occipital and parietal bones frequently remains unossified and presents in the macerated skull a pair of fontanelles.
parka	Link wore a large green parka with a grubby fur lined hood.
parkin	A shot from Andy Baird was parried by Michael Parkin and the loose ball found Howard Forinton who shot into the net.
parisian	He took part in the Parisian risings of October 1830, 1832 and 1834.
parkland	The park comprises over 700 acres of parkland, lakes and woodland.
parlance	In common parlance, it may be described as a species of wild dog with close affinity to the bear.
parkinsonism	People with this degeneration also appear to have parkinsonism.
parkway	From the same entrance Fort Hamilton Parkway extends 41 m.
parley	Here in 1381 Wat Tyler the rebel was killed by Sir William Walworth during the parley with Richard II.
parliamentarian	As a parliamentarian he was very clear-headed, and thoroughly understood how to lead a party.
parlay	If you are like most sports bettors, the words college football parlay makes you salivate.
parlour	A parlour, library and dining-room made up the suite of apartments.
parish	I've got parish calls to make this evening.
parenting	Meeting your baby's needs is the first step toward parenting.
parnassian	The northern Doris, for example, spoke Aeolic, while Elis, Phocis, and many non-Dorian districts of north-west Greece spoke dialects akin to Doric. Many Dorian states had additional nonDorian tribes ; Sparta, which claimed to be of pure and typical Dorian origin, maintained institutions and a mode of life which were without parallel in Peloponnese, in the Parnassian and in the Asiatic Doris, and were partially reflected in Crete only.
parlor	Why not have some fun with parlor games.
parmesan	Dean doused them in enough Parmesan cheese that they looked like Mount Abrams in February.
parnassus	When Zeus had resolved to destroy all mankind by a flood, Deucalion constructed a boat or ark, in which, after drifting nine days and nights, he landed on Mount Parnassus (according to others, Othrys, Aetna or Athos) with his wife.
parochial	The town hall and the parochial offices are the principal administrative buildings.
parker	That chapter of comparative anatomy (together with other anatomical details, for which see the separate articles) is now dealt with in the article Skull; here only the most avine features are alluded to, and since some of Parker's original illustrations have been retained, the description has been shortened considerably.
parliament	A new parliament was called to meet at Oxford, to avoid the influences of the city of London, where Shaftesbury had taken the greatest pains to make himself popular.
parking	It was supposed to be in a parking lot nearby.
parody	In the Aristophanic parody (Birds, 691) the winged Eros in conjunction with gloomy Chaos brings forth the race of birds.
parole	Prisoners released upon parole are carefully supervised by state agents.
parol	Another really fun additive is parol oil, which is used to give the surface of your candle a mottled appearance, like snowflakes or starbursts.
parousia	In particular the annual Day of Atonement would be relied on, and that in proportion as the expected Parousia.
parotitis	The salivary glands are also called the parotid glands; therefore, mumps is sometimes referred to as an inflammation of the parotid glands (epidemic parotitis).
parotid	The poison is secreted in modified upper labial glands, or in a pair of large glands which are the homologues of the parotid salivary glands of other animals.
paroxysm	Now, when the first paroxysm of your grief is past, I would advise you to come with me, and we will never rest till the Corn Laws are repealed.'
paroxysmal	The mucus that is produced during the paroxysmal stage is thicker and more difficult to clear than the more watery mucus of the catarrhal stage.
parliamentary	It had become a parliamentary borough in 1832.
parquet	The peasants and house serfs carrying out the things were treading heavily on the parquet floors.
parrakeet	Of birds some species of parrakeet, the mandarin blackbird, and the woodcock are not found in the rest of Indo-China.
parr	It was the birthplace of Catherine Parr, Henry VIII.'s last queen.
parricide	It was then that the parricide prepared his defence.
parse	She was key to developing the galactic translator with her abilities to parse and translate languages.
parry	Her voice was sharp enough to parry his verbal onslaught.
parrot	The parrot tribe is the most remarkable for beauty.
parsi	In Hindu (the Puranas), Parsi and Arab tradition, Mer y is looked upon as the ancient Paradise, the cradle of the Aryan families of mankind, and so of the human race.
parsimonious	The latter imputation especially influenced Hisham, who was very parsimonious.
parsee	They are divided into a number of classes (kings, hypostases, forms, &c.); the proper names by which they are invoked are many, and for the most part obscure, borrowed doubtless, to some extent, from the Parsee angelology.
parser	When the XML parser reads in this as an XML document, it decodes the bytes into Unicode characters.
parsimony	This ill-timed parsimony reacted injuriously upon Polish politics.
parsing	In an accept action, the parser announces successful completion of parsing.
partake	The feast is ready, but no one has come to partake of it.
parson	The energies of the indefatigable parson knew no bounds.
parsnip	Normal butyric acid or fermentation butyric acid is found in butter, as an hexyl ester in the oil of Heracleum giganteum and as an octyl ester in parsnip (Pastinaca sativa); it has also been noticed in the fluids of the flesh and in perspiration.
partaken	The steak and chips partaken of for lunch seemed now She spoke only the name.
parsonage	A select company of these met at the parsonage on Sunday afternoons.
parsley	Parsley is still used today to counter bad breath.
parterre	Others of his plays are Blanche et Montcassin, ou les Venitiens (1798); and Germanicus (1816), the performance of which was the occasion of a disturbance in the parterre which threatened serious political complications.
parthenogenetic	Many species of Thysanoptera are known to be habitually parthenogenetic. The eggs are laid on the food-plant, those females possessed of an ovipositor cutting through the epidermis and placing their eggs singly within the plant-tissues; a single female may take five or six weeks to deposit all her eggs.
parthenogenetically	But the ovaries of worker ants are in some cases sufficiently developed for the production of eggs, which may give rise parthenogenetically to male, queen or worker offspring.
part	They will become part of the solution.
parted	When they parted, he looked at her oddly.
parthenogenesis	Parthenogenesis is of normal occurrence in the life-cycle of many Hymenoptera.
partiality	This strange partiality is now to some extent intelligible.
parthian	The Parthian king Arsaces, who was attacked by Antiochus III.
participate	Boxing matches still occur, but the boxers participate voluntarily.
paroccipital	The tympanic process of the alisphenoid bone of the skull is short, not covering the cavity of the tympanum, nor reaching the paroccipital process.
parti	If this is ever accomplished it will need the patient investigation of a number of empirical observations by competent students unbiassed by any parti pris - a difficult set of conditions to obtain; and even then no definite results may be achieved.
participle	They were asked to use the present participle of the verb.
particular	The crowd seemed clustered at one particular spot.
participant	You sure seemed like a willing participant for a while there.
particoloured	Brilliantly colored spots and patches follow the action of acid fumes on the vegetation near towns and factories, and such particoloured leaves often present striking resemblance to autumn foliage.
participation	Brilliant results accrued from all this participation in the general life of Germany.
particularistic	But the particularistic sentiment continued to grow.
particularist	In his relations with the German empire, too, Frederick proved himself rather a great German noble than a sovereign prince actuated by particularist ambitions; and his position as husband of the emperor William I.'s only daughter, Louise (whom he had married in 1856), gave him a peculiar influence in the councils of Berlin.
partial	Such cell-fusions may be partial or complete.
particularity	It is the question of the particularity or this-ness (haecceitas, as Duns Scotus afterwards named it) that embarrasses the Scholastics.
particularization	The doctrine of emanation also regards the world as a process of particularization.
particle	Let x, y, z be the co-ordinates of any particle of the medium in its natural state, and, 7 7, the displacements of the same particle at the end of time t, measured in the directions of the three axes respectively.
particularism	The precepts of the law were valuable in the eyes of the Scribes because they were the seal of Jewish particularism, the barrier erected between the world at large and the exclusive community of Yahweh's grace.
partisanship	His sermons were not remarkable for eloquence, but a certain solidity and balance of judgment, an absence of partisanship, a sobriety of expression combined with clearness and force of diction, attracted hearers and inspired them with confidence.
parting	There is no distinct cleavage, but imperfect parting may be obtained along octahedral planes.
particulate	Or more probably it may be the weight of definite particulate structures in their vacuoles.
partisan	The partisan warfare flamed up most fiercely in the latter days of October.
partly	He had been at least partly responsible for dashing her hopes.
partook	An officiant at once struck it with his axe and another cut its throat; then all save the one who struck the first blow partook of its flesh.
parton	We are investigating the determination of the uncertainty of the proton parton density functions.
partridge	I am glad that the partridge gets fed, at any rate.
partially	It was at least partially true.
party	So the party was actually for him, not both of them.
partnership	A marriage is a partnership, not a dictatorship.
partition	Naturally nothing more was heard of the partition of Portugal.
parturition	It may follow a diminished functional activity, as in the atrophying thymus gland' and in the muscle cells of the uterus after parturition.
particularly	They didn't have to be particularly long.
parvenu	Rousseau his father was a rich parvenu, who brought his son at an early age to Paris, where the latter spent most of his life.
pas	Not long after his accession to office Gorchakov issued a circular to the foreign powers, in which he announced that Russia proposed, for internal reasons, to keep herself as free as possible from complications abroad, and he added the now historic phrase, La Russie ne boude pas; die se recueille.
partway	The first drops down a fissure in the floor, which leads down to a stalagmite boss partway along the hand traverse.
partner	He'd never had a partner in all his time alive.
pashalic	He explored the remains of Babylon, and projected a geographical and statistical account of the pashalic of Bagdad.
pass	The next one to pass her did as well.
passable	Very few in the entire Sierra are passable by vehicles.
paseo	The closest one is Paseo Neuvo.
pascal	She desired indeed to join the convent, but her father, who returned to Paris with the dignity of counsellor of state, disapproved of the plan, and took both brother and sister to Clermont, where Pascal remained for the greater part, of two years.
passage	The passage of time will grow the repository.
passant	Probably these were the original genii of the necropolis, and in fact the same lean animal figured passant is s;b jackal or fox.
paschal	The association in the synoptics of the earliest eucharist with the paschal sacrifice provided a model, and long after the eucharist was separated with the agape on other days of the year, we still find celebrated on the evening of Maundy Thursday the sacrifice of the [[Paschal (disambiguation)|paschal ]], immediately followed by an eucharist.
passageway	Then the pair reached a side passageway that was unmarked!
passbook	We also developed a separate passbook for this purpose which was also modeled after the African format.
passe	Jevons's work in logic went on par/ passe with his work in political economy.
passerine	Baptornis, another of Marsh's genera, seems to be allied to Enaliornis, Palaeotringa and Talmatornis, were by him referred to Limicoline and Passerine birds.
passing	Aside from the infrequent sound of a passing car on the avenue, only the murmur of unseen waves lapping at the sand broke the stillness.
passer	In this memoir by Gergonne, the theory of duality is very clearly and explicitly stated; for instance, we find da p s la geometrie plane, a chaque theoreme ii en repond necessairement un autre qui s'en deduit en echangeant simplement entre eux les deux mots points et droites; tandis que dans la geometrie de l'espace ce sont les mots points et plans qu'il faut echanger entre eux pour passer d'un theoreme a son correlatif ; and the plan is introduced of printing correlative theorems, opposite to each other, in two columns.
passionate	The young student was passionate about music.
passionately	He was passionately fond of music, and his own hymns were written to the accompaniment.
passim	See Holliday's Life (1797); Campbell's Chief Justices; Foss's Judges; Greville's Memoirs, passim; Horace Walpole's Letters; and other memoirs and works on the period.
passive	He took in her features with passive curiosity.
passenger	He reached the passenger side of the car and held the door open for her.
passionists	In the course of 1842 an attack of illness led to his making a journey in Italy, where he spent some time in a monastery belonging to one of the strictest of all the monastic orders, the Passionists, brethren addicted to wearing hair shirts and scourging themselves without mercy.
passionless	It was this very quality of passionless detachment that made him so effective an instrument of the Terror.
passively	More and more data will be passively collected.
passivity	Accepting their apparent passivity is clearly no way forward.
password	Integrated self-service password reset decreases help desk costs even further by allowing users to reset forgotten passwords securely.
past	They had to move forward, and leave the past behind them.
passed	The holiday weekend passed pleasantly.
paste	The solution is filtered, the precipitate well washed, and, generally, is put up in the form of a paste in well-closed vessels.
pasha	Ali Pasha then joined his master at Kossovo.
passion	Jackson possessed a true passion for music.
passport	But the terms passport and sea-letter are often used indiscriminately.
passover	At the Passover the pilgrims attacked the Roman troops.
pasteboard	Its industries include the manufacture of tiles, pasteboard wares and gardening implements, while there are coal mines in the vicinity.
pasteurization	Pasteurization heats foods to a temperature unacceptable to raw food diet followers.
pastern	Part of foreleg extending from elbow to pastern.
pastiche	Though in many respects a Chaucerian pastiche, it not rarely equals its model in verbal and metrical felicity.
pasta	That evening, Sarah made a pasta dinner and they all chatted amiably.
pastel	Carmen had chosen the colors pastel violet and light gray, with the theme being hearts and the flowers being forget-me-nots.
pastiness	This coke descends freely even through this fast-narrowing space, because it is perfectly solid and dry without a trace of pastiness.
pastime	As it is now, war is the favorite pastime of the idle and frivolous.
pastoralist	But beyond this the pastoralist learnt most effectually the lesson that, in a country like Australia, provision must be made for the occasional season when the rainfall is entirely inadequate to the wants of the farmer and the pastoralist.
pastrami	The lunchtime pastrami more than eliminated the need for an early dinner, so he drove home, changed into shorts and set out at a leisurely pace on his 18-speed touring bike.
pastor	In most cases the pastor receives a salary.
pasting	This is usually done by pasting layers of thickish paper, or even thin cards, underneath the blocks.
pastorate	On the passing of the Act of Uniformity in 1662, Newcomen lost his living, but was soon invited to the pastorate at Leiden, where he was held in high esteem not only by his own people but by the university professors.
pat	He's let other people pat him.
pasty	Len's face was pasty white and for a moment she thought he was going to throw up.
pasturage	This has been due to speculation, to the unrestricted pasturage of goats, to the rights which many communes have over the forests, and to some extent to excessive taxation, which led the proprietors to cut and sell the trees and then abandon the ground to the Treasury.
pastoral	For some years previously the pastoral industry had been declining Drought.
pasture	He's so lonely in that pasture all by his self.
pate	With his bald pate, he looked like his head had been put on upside down.
patchouli	The incense sticks and pastils known all over India under the names of ud-buti ( benzoin-light) or aggar-ki-buti ( wood aloes light) are composed of benzoin, wood aloes, sandalwood, rock lichen, patchouli, rose-malloes, talispat (the leaf of Flacourtia Cataphracta of Roxburgh), mastic and sugar-candy or gum.
pastry	Pastry, sweetmeats and fruit are highly esteemed.
patchy	They are now greatly damaged by patchy repaintings.
patent	Graham Bell's telephone patent was granted for the United Kingdom.
patella	In the most primitive Lamellibranchs there is no separate generative aperture but the gonads discharge into the renal cavity, as in Patella among Gastropods.
paten	He knew very well that the theologians of his church almost without exception held that the handing over of the paten and chalice with the words, Receive power of offering sacrifice, &c., were the essential matter and form of ordination to the priesthood; indeed he published the decree of Eugenius IV.
patellar	Their recommendations are - Soft tissue contracture around patella and fat pad - Start serial lateral X-rays to follow patellar height.
patency	Used as part of a planned care regime, OptiFlo helps maintain catheter patency, so the wearer feels refreshed, relaxed and reassured.
patchwork	Faust is a patchwork of many colours.
patently	This decision is so patently unjust that it has been very widely ascribed to a deliberate design to keep the two countries apart.
paternalism	To be sure it is not always easy to distinguish between legal moralism and moral paternalism.
patera	On the other hand, silver and silver sulphide are readily amalgamated; and while they are not dissolved in the Patera process, they are in the Russell process.
patentee	In 1631 he converted his landed property into money, and John Hampden, his cousin, a patentee of Connecticut in 1632, was on the point of emigrating.
paternal	He took paternal pride in the achievements of his pupils, and delighted to see, through them, his influence spreading in every university.
path	Sofi says his path is dark.
paternity	He may now demand a DNA test to prove paternity.
paternoster	Believing in one God, they contented themselves with the Decalogue and the Paternoster.
patented	Hence processes have been patented in which the objects to be plated are suspended in revolving drums between the anodes, the rotation of the drum causing the constant renewal of surfaces and affording a burnishing action at the same time.
pathetic	It is a pathetic record.
pathogen	Most fevers caused by infection end as soon as the immune system rids the body of the pathogen, and these fevers do not produce lasting effects.
pathfinder	The Spanish Jesuit Juan Maldonatus' Latin commentary, published 1596 (critical reprint, edited by Raich, 1874), a pathfinder on many obscure points, is still a model for tenacious penetration of Johannine ideas.
pathetically	He fancied he saw something pathetically innocent in that frightened, sickly little face.
pathogenesis	My research interest is in the pathogenesis of hepatic fibrosis.
pathologic	Pathologic examination revealed transitional cell carcinoma located in the distal and mid portion of the penile urethra.
patience	What little patience he had was waning fast.
patch	Giddon swung his arm out and pointed to a patch of flowers.
patient	You need to be patient and give him a little space.
patiently	The woman listened patiently, or so Dean assumed by her silence.
pathos	The dramatic performance was rich in sad pathos and left the audience with teary eyes.
pathologist	The diagnosis often is made by a speech/language pathologist.
pathology	Pathology is the science of disease in all its manifestations, whether structural or functional, progressive or regressive.
pathological	In certain pathological conditions an excessive formation and discharge of such material is usually associated with catarrhal changes in the epithelium.
patisserie	M finds an open patisserie & buys us some pat.
paths	Keep my men with food and water, and I'll marry you if our paths ever cross, he said.
patios	Most bars in the area have outdoor patios and beer gardens and a variety of brews.
patina	The Istrian stone of which the edifice is built has taken a fine patina, which makes the whole look like some richly embossed casket in oxidized silver.
pathway	Maybe that pathway merely led to a barn.
patois	The language of her country novels is the genuine patois of middle France rendered in a literary form.
patriarchal	The second was patriarchal and of a strictly territorial nature.
patriarchy	When everyone rejects patriarchy, the world might have chance of surviving.
patriciate	This new nobility gradually became as well marked and as exclusive as the old patriciate.
patriarchate	The patriarchate was abolished and its jurisdiction transferred by a council at St Petersburg in 1721 to a Holy Governing Synod.
patriot	Here's a patriot for you! said Shinshin.
patriotic	He wrote both words and music in a fit of patriotic excitement after a public dinner.
patriotism	His patriotism is fervent, but narrow and exclusive.
patio	The patio is this way.
patrimony	His patrimony and his wife's dowry must both have been trifling.
patrician	A conspiracy headed by the patrician Arsaber had a similar issue.
patrimonial	Up to 1861, the date of the emancipation, the peasant serfs had been under the patrimonial jurisdiction of their lords.
patristics	But when Luc d'Achery turned from exegetics to patristics and the lives of the saints, as a sort of Christian humanist, he led the way to that vast work of collection and comparison of texts which developed through Mabillon, Montfaucon, Ruinart, Martene, Bouquet and their associates, into the indispensable implements of modern historians.
patristic	He also published works on the Last Days of the Life of Jesus, on Judaism in the Time of Christ, on John of Damascus (1879) and an Examination of the Vatican Dogma in the Light of Patristic Exegesis of the New Testament.
patrolman	It was patrolman Jack McCarty.
patrol	A patrol car returned him to duty.
patrology	The abbe Migne carried his Latin patrology down to the time of Innocent III.
patroness	Diane was a patroness of the arts.
patriarch	The seat at the head of the table is always saved for the patriarch of the family.
patronizing	Elisabeth blew out a patronizing breath.
patronal	No one found anything objectionable in this; investiture with a bishopric was parallel with the appointment by a territorial proprietor to a patronal church.
patronize	Every time one of you opens your mouth, you patronize me.
patsy	Patsy, while incarcerated, still had a say in the matter.
pattern	She stared at a flower pattern on the wall.
patten	The original celebrity chef, Mrs Patten has been cooking for nearly 60 years.
patterning	Collaborators We are specifically interested in the role of Gli3 zinc finger transcription factor during patterning of the cerebral cortex.
patronymic	Arminius is a Latinized form of his patronymic Hermanns or Hermansen.
patron	In 1880 he was declared patron of all Roman Catholic educational establishments.
patter	Add a flat patter or large dinner plate in a coordinating color or theme to the top.
paucity	Paucity of evidence makes the first difficult.
patty	Mix with salt and pepper to taste and form into round patty shapes, squeezing mixture together.
paunch	He had quite a large paunch, and his hair was sparse, tho his scalp was not completely bald.
patronage	Nicholas and Denisov were walking up and down, looking with kindly patronage at the dancers.
pauperism	Many of them fell into the slough of pauperism, and were saved from starvation by public doles.
pause	Pause here to take a breath.
pauper	The prefect supervises the execution of the laws; has wide authority in regard to policing, public hygiene and relief of pauper children; has the nomination of various subordinate officials; and is in correspondence with the subordinate functionaries in his department, to whom he transmits the orders and instructions of the government.
paver	Opium is obtained from the latex of the opium poppy (Pa paver somniferum), which contains the alkaloid morphine.
pave	But in the 13th century the Venetians began to pave the more frequented streets with brick.
pavement	The cathedral pavement is almost unique.
pavilion	This pavilion was built by Nadir Shah.
pauline	He married Pauline Cassin, the authoress of the Peelle de Madeleine and other well-known novels.
paving	In many modern gardens pathways made of old paving stones lead from the house to different parts.
pavlova	Sweets might include caramelized lemon tart, banana and cinnamon Pavlova or iced terrine of white and dark chocolate.
pavo	Of the many characteristic birds may be mentioned Pycnonotidae or bulbuls, of which the Phyllornithinae are peculiar, Campephagidae or cuckoo-shrikes, Dicruridae or drongos, Nectariniidae or sunbirds; pheasants, together with Pavo and Gallus.
paul	Paul was watching his son—a parental obligation thing—he didn't really like sports.
patterned	Original pale blue cloth, blocked with figure of Tahitian woman in gilt; publisher's patterned endpapers.
pawl	In the brake shown, the cone I is pressed against a corresponding recess in the ratchetwheel J, which latter turns loosely in the casing and is provided with a pawl not shown in the figure; this pawl allows freedom of motion when the load is being raised.
paw	Let's get that paw fixed and then go in.
pax	The ancient ritual of the Pax has become almost obsolete.
pawn	He had loved her for so long, until he realized even he was a pawn in her games.
payable	The bank has the exclusive privilege of issuing bank-notes payable in gold.
pawnbroking	After attending school at Northwich, he began to help his widowed mother on the farm, but to escape from that uncongenial occupation he persuaded her in 1811 to remove to Manchester and start a pawnbroking business.
pawnee	Cheyne, Genesis and Exodus, referring to Dorsey, Traditions of the Skidi Pawnee, pp. 2, 80 ff.
pawnshop	At 8.20 a.m. on Tuesday, 10 March, a tall, well-dressed man entered a pawnshop in Seymour Street, Euston.
pawpaw	Hickory, chestnut, locust, maple, beech, dogwood, and pawpaw are widely distributed.
payback	This leads to a fast payback of their investments.
paye	The obligation to operate PAYE applies where the asset in its enhanced state is a readily convertible asset.
payload	With an empty weight of 3640 kg, a payload of 2130 kg could be transported.
paymaster	Immured in his castle at Pavia, accumulating wealth by systematic taxation and methodical economy, he organized the mercenary troops who eagerly took service under so good a paymaster; and, by directing their operations from his cabinet, he threatened the whole of Italy with conquest.
payer	Payer reported that from Cape Fligely land (Rudolf Land) stretched north-east to a cape (Cape Sherard Osborn), and mountain ranges were visible to the north, indicating lands beyond the 83rd parallel, to which the names King Oscar Land and Petermann Land were given.
payee	Pay bills online manually to a list of accounts on your payee list.
payroll	I know they have a very good detective on the payroll.
pd	Hence, if p is the maximum value of the mean effective pressure corresponding to about 85% of the boiler pressure,, uW = pd 2 le /D (26) is an expression giving a relation between the total weight on the coupled wheels, their diameters and the size of the cylinder.
peace	I shall not be at peace till you promise me this.
pda	The oriental man held a PDA and was frowning as he read through notes while the others waited for him to speak.
pe	Two of his bestknown works were written at this time - Considerations sur l'etat present du corps politique de l'Euro pe and his Anti-Macchiavel.
pdt	Buti o Pdt = P is the normal pressure, and as we only wish to find the excess we may leave this out of account.
peaceably	It announced that the beys should live peaceably in Egypt, with an.
peacefully	One wants to do it peacefully and lovingly.
peaceable	St Paul also believes in this, but insists that it is subordinate to the peaceable fruits of righteousness.
payment	Each year a payment is made to each resident of Alaska.
pc	Only approved PC vacuum cleaners should be used to clean electronic equipment.
peacefulness	The peacefulness of his rule was interrupted by several insurrections.
peacekeeping	A diplomat by nature, he had long served in the peacekeeping capacity among his brothers, before he was rendered dead-dead seven months before.
peacemaker	He was their elder, the peacemaker, and the executioner.
pea	The town was burned in August 1863, and shelled on the 3rd of November 1864, after the battle of Pea Ridge, by a detachment of General Price's army.
peacock	He is represented as riding a peacock.
peacemaking	From that time until his death in 1881 the Aga Khan, while leading the life of a peaceful and peacemaking citizen, under the protection of British rule, continued to discharge his sacerdotal functions, not only among his followers in India, but towards the more numerous communities which acknowledged his religious sway in distant countries, such as Afghanistan, Khorasan, Persia, Arabia, Central Asia, and even distant Syria and Morocco.
peaceful	It was so peaceful here.
peacetime	Buncefield oil depot fire ' Europe's biggest peacetime blaze ' sent a pall of black smoke across large parts of southern England.
peafowl	Early morning before everyone wakes up is best to see the wild peafowl that loaf in this area.
peach	Bordeaux, this saucy little peach is Cassie Rinehart.
peachy	The response is pretty positive and things are looking pretty peachy.
peaking	The increase in plasma antioxidant capacity was quite rapid, peaking at 30-50 minutes.
pay	How much would you pay for that pan today?
peal	A peal of merry laughter answered her, and the knives and forks fell to the plates with a clatter.
peaky	She was fine on Sunday morning but looked a bit peaky, and after about four hours she died .
peaked	Hey, Skippy, looking a little peaked there.
peanut	Dean shrugged and reached for a jar of peanut butter just as Fred joined the couple.
pearly	Although baby may be irritable as he begins the teething process, you and he will be proud of those first pearly whites.
peasant	I saw so many of those peasant carts in your yard.
pear	The caroub tree and the prickly pear are extensively cultivated.
pearlized	Matte finishes are perfect for every day wear, while pearlized, shimmer, or glitter shadows are best reserved for wearing on evenings or special occasions.
pease	Here is produced the well known Pease's West coke.
peak	The peak was flattened.
pearl	Pond pine occurs only near the Pearl river.
peasantry	The Mahratta peasantry possess manly fortitude under suffering and misfortune.
pebbly	Its banks are low, its bottom pebbly.
peat	It likes fibrous peat in fissures of the rocks.
peaty	Washed sand is best for all plants like heaths, which need a pure and lasting peaty compost.
pebble	This is a pebble in the stream of my cash flow.
pecan	Pecan nuts are an increasingly important crop.
peckish	Midnight snacks are available on board for those feeling a little peckish.
peck	The cast skipped town leaving a peck of unpaid bills.
peccary	We have a few peccary out there and they can be pretty scrappy.
pecten	From near the entrance of the optic nerve, through the original choroidal fissure, arises the much-folded pecten, deeply pigmented and very vascular, far into the vitreous humour.
pectin	Kolb, is that a peculiar fermentation is set up under the influence of heat and moisture, resulting in a change of the intercellular substance - pectose or an analogue of that body - into pectin and pectic acid.
pectinate	The Rhipidophoridae are beetles with short elytra, the feelers pectinate in the malesandserrate in the females.
pectic	The sap in these active tissues is alkaline, which has been interpreted as being in accordance with not appear to be concerned with digestion so directly as the others is pectase, which forms vegetable jelly from pectic substances occurring in the cell-wall.
peculiar	The early history, therefore, of New South Wales is peculiar to itself.
pectus	Pectus excavatum is a malformation of the chest in which the child's breastbone, or sternum, is sunken inward.
pectose	While the fundamental constituent is a cellulose in many Mucorini and other Phycomycetes, in others bodies like pectose, callose, &c., commonly occur, and Wisselingh's researches show that chitin, a gluco-proteid common in animals, forms the main constituent in many cases, and is probably deposited directly as such, though, like the other substances, it may be mixed with cellulose.
pectoral	The propatagialis longus muscle is composed of slips from the deltoid, pectoral, biceps and cucullaris muscles.
ped	Ped socks can go beyond athletics and be fashionable as well.
peculation	The magistracy had been acquiring more and more the character of an oligarchy; all power was practically in the hands of a few closely-related families; and the gravest peculation and malversation took place without hindrance.
peculium	The slave could purchase his liberty with his peculium by agreement with his master.
pedagogic	The pedagogic method of ISHTA is designed to give you the tools to decide what is the best way for you to get the most from your yoga practice.
pedagogical	Different programs have different pedagogical beliefs and foundations.
pecuniary	His pecuniary troubles were now at an end.
pedagogy	Much of today's mathematical pedagogy is derived from distant historical antecedents.
peculiarity	One peculiarity of the ceremony had occasioned considerable discussion.
pedant	A kindly old pedant, Fulcher interlards his history with much discourse on geography, zoology and sacred history.
pedagogue	The best pedagogue is not he who descends to hs pupils from the heights but he who rises to new levels together with them.
peculiarly	The beautiful, warm air was peculiarly fragrant, and I noticed it got cooler and fresher as we went on.
pedantically	Thus, for the sake of being pedantically accurate, this is the game that first introduced Sonic's pal Tails Miles Prower who would later go on to feature in many of later titles.
peddle	Tristan would travel through five states in order to peddle his wares.
peddler	Try The Vintage Peddler for some good choices.
pedantic	Being a pedantic old academic I 'm a stickler for accuracy.
pedestrian	But he liked them; liked that mad driving at twelve miles an hour, liked upsetting a driver or running down a pedestrian, and flying at full gallop through the Moscow streets.
pedal	Mind keeping your foot on the brake pedal while I rummage?
pedantry	His poems are elegant and free from the conceits and pedantry of the earlier writers.
pediatrician	We're looking for a new pediatrician in case anyone's wondering!
peddling	Well, with all that bull you've been peddling, somebody around here is bound to need them eventually.
pedestal	The pedestal of red granite is 42 ft.
pedicel	Spikelets one-flowered, rarely two-flowered as in Zea, falling from the pedicel entire or with certain joints of the rachis at maturity.
pediatrics	She sent to Bartlesville for information on the pediatrics ward and hinted at interest in a job there.
pediatric	Adrienne is studying to be a pediatric nurse.
pedicle	The other extreme end closes, but the invaginated endoderm cells remain in continuity with this extremity of the blastopore, and form the rectal peduncle or pedicle of invagination of Lankester, although the endoderm cells retain no contact with the middle region of the now closed-up blastopore.
pedigreed	They provide information to educate potential cat owners about the different pedigreed breeds.
pediculosis	A lice infestation, or pediculosis, is caused by parasites living on human skin.
pedigree	We show on the following page a pedigree of the royal and illustrious houses that traced their descent from John of Gaunt.
pedipalpi	Hansen (10) has recognized that the praegenital somite persists in a rudimentary condition, forming a waist to the series of somites in the Pedipalpi and Araneae.
pediment	In the pediment is a group of sixteen figures by Thorvaldsen, representing John the Baptist preaching in the wilderness; over the entrance within the portico is a bas-relief of Christ's entry into Jerusalem; on one side of the entrance is a statue of Moses by Bissen, and on the other a statue of David by Jerichau.
pedimented	The South (principal) elevation has the pedimented center piece with exuberant armorial carving Duff Arms and Motto.
pedimental	On the other hand, inscriptions prove that the marble blocks intended for the pedimental statues of the Parthenon were not brought to Athens until 434 B.C., which was probably after the death of Pheidias.
pedlar	He became well known in the country of Anjou, over which he travelled as a pedlar and dealer in contraband goods.
pedicure	All you need to go with them is the perfect pedicure.
pee	I badly had to pee and I beat her to the downstairs bathroom.
pedunculate	It was succeeded by the sessile-fruited oak, which was in turn supplanted by the pedunculate form of the same tree.
peduncle	To the right (in the figure) of the rectal peduncle is seen the deeply invaginated shell-gland ss, with a secretion sh protruding from it.
peekaboo	Peekaboo, I spy you.
pedometer	A pedometer is a small gadget that counts the number of steps a person takes in a day.
peep	I ain't heard a peep out of his room since.
peek	It's been over a year since I've had a peek at him.
peeling	Fred was in the kitchen peeling an orange.
peeper	I'll try to convert you to a leaf peeper.
peeler	For example, some recipes only require a knife, cutting board and peeler.
peerless	Now as a writer of dialog and emotion, Smith is almost peerless.
peelings	Try composting any vegetable peelings or left over food waste in a wormery or the garden.
peerage	He was raised to the peerage in 1895, and died in London Jan.
peeve	Pet peeve - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Typically each person has several pet peeves that aggravate him more than the average person.
peevish	It is better to be beggared out of hand by a scapegrace nephew, than daily hag-ridden by a peevish uncle.
peel	Brady leaned away only to peel off his undershirt.
peewit	Among the birds of the island are the eagle, hawk, petrel, owl, finch, peewit, diamond bird, fire-tail, robin, emu-wren, crow, swallow, magpie, blackcap, goatsucker, quail, ground dove, parrot, lark, mountain thrush, cuckoo, wattlebird, whistling duck, honeybird, Cape Barren goose, penguin duck, waterhen, snipe, albatross and laughing jackass.
peeved	By the way, she's a bit peeved about the picture.
peg	He lifted his hat from a peg on the wall and shrugged into his coat.
pegasus	Hence some have thought that Pegasus is a symbol of the thundercloud.
pehlevi	Therefore their language and writing are called by the later Persians Pehlevi, i.e.
pegmatite	The granite, which is intruded through the Eocene beds, is associated with a pegmatite containing tourmaline and cassiterite.
pejorative	Using pejorative words to describe young people makes them feel less important.
peer	Technology allowed us to peer deeper into the mysteries of the miniscule.
peignoir	Pampered Passions Fine Lingerie has a large variety of costumes, peignoir sets, nightgowns, body stockings and more.
pein	Then using a ball pein hammer, form the end of the rivet by carefully hammering to mushroom it out.
pekingese	Perhaps the most interesting of these consonantal interchanges is that occurring between n and the sibilants sh and z; ner = slier; na=za, which by some scholars has been declared to be phonetically impossible, but its existence is well established between the modern Chinese colloquial idioms. For example, Pekingese then, Hakka nyin, Fuchow niing, Ningpo zhing and nying, WOnchow zang and Hang all = man.
pelage	During successive annual molts, the epidermis peels off with the old hair to reveal the bright new pelage underneath.
pelagian	It is a keen but not always fair criticism of the Pelagian position from that of Augustine.
pekin	In Korea, the Hermit Nation, or as the Koreans prefer to say, The Land of the Morning Calm, Christianity was introduced at the end of the 18th century by some members of the Korean legation at Pekin who had met Roman Catholic missionaries.
pekoe	They are now broken apart and sorted by mechanical sifters into the various grades or qualities, which are described as Orange Pekoe, Pekoe, Pekoe Souchong and Souchong, each of which names represents approximately the leaf-bud and the three lower leaves.
pel	Can only read pel mel toward inevitable happy ending.
pelargonium	The characteristic genus Pelargonium has a few Mediterranean representatives, and one even occurs in Asia Minor.
pelagianism	Against Manichaean dualism he had vindicated free will; but as against Pelagianism he taught the bondage of sinful man - a position accepted in the East but never welcome there, and not more than half welcome even in the West.
pelasgic	The Pelasgic wall enclosed the spring Clepsydra, beneath the north-western corner of the Acropolis, which furnished a watersupply to the defenders of the fortress.
pelagic	Deep-sea forms also occur, but in spite of this the group is essentially pelagic.
pele	After being signed to play professionally, Pele became one of the best soccer players in the world.
pelisse	She wore a long, dark pelisse, gracefully adjusted at the neck by a blue tie.
pellagra	There and in Lombardy the disease known as pellagra is most widely diffused.
pellucid	D, Each of the four segment-cells gives rise by division to a small pellucid cell.
pellicle	During this stage the cuticle draws away from the imaginal cuticle which is forming beneath, ultimately becoming separated as a thin transparent pellicle through which the form of the adult can be seen.
pelmet	Even the missing pelmet isn't going to spoil the trip.
pelican	Herons, the brown pelican, bittern, and mud hen frequent the marshes.
pellet	With Yesterday's News, the litter is in pellet form.
pelt	They have a particularly thin pelt with very close wool of minute curl.
pelvis	The pelvis much resembles that of the kiwis.
pelting	The storm roared in through the ceiling, hail and water pelting her body while thunder deafened her.
peltate	The leaves of the cypresses are scale-like, overlapping and generally in four rows; the female catkins are roundish, and fewer than the male; the cones consist of from six to ten peltate woody scales, which end in a curved point, and open when the seeds are ripe; the seeds are numerous and winged.
pen	The pen has black ink in it now.
pemphigus	It was first observed in 1856 by Asa Fitch (1809-1878), who did not suspect its mischief, and called it Pemphigus vitifoliae.
pelvic	The larvae are free-swimming and have the pelvic fins elongated into filaments.
penalize	Most search engines do come together in agreement and can severely penalize accordingly.
pencil	I got my pencil ready.
penates	The identification of the three Capitoline deities with the Penates, and of these with the Cabeiri, tended to increase this feeling.
penance	Jonny's penance for betraying his sister would last an eternity.
pence	The mancus was equated with thirty pence, probably from the time of its introduction.
pembroke	The strong castle built by Robert de Romille in the time of the Conqueror was partly demolished in 1648, but was restored by the countess of Pembroke.
penchant	He has a penchant for the game.
penciled	The title is taken from the penciled caption on the back of the print.
penal	Siberia was for many years a penal colony.
penciling	Maybe he was serious about penciling her in for his Tuesday night entertainment.
penalty	Last night's penalty hadn't been that bad.
pencilled	About as big as a crow, its plumage exhibits the blended tints of chocolate-colour and grey, barred and pencilled with dark-brown or black, and spotted in places with white, that prevail in the two families just named.
pendent	Since the four co-ordinates (Cartesian or other) of these two points are connected by the relation which expresses the invariability of the length AB, it is plain that virtually three inde pendent elements are re quired and suffice to specify the position of the lamina.
pendant	All have white pendant flowers, tipped with green.
penelope	Soon after his marriage to Penelope he was summoned to the Trojan war.
pending	Actually, I'm a lawyer, working with local counsel on a pending case.
pendulous	Basset hounds are long and crooked-legged dogs, with pendulous ears.
peneplain	In the nature and position of the upland rocks - mainly crystalline schists and gneisses, excessively complicated and disordered in mass, and also internally deformed - there is found abundant proof that the peneplain is a degraded mountain region.
penetration	Thus the danger of a pacific penetration of Macedonia by Austria became more remote.
pendulum	The pendulum has swung back.
penes	The orifice leads into a large pouch lodging a pair of very long penes, which are coiled up when not in use.
penetrant	A combination of linkage in highly penetrant families and candidate analysis in association studies is used to identify novel predisposition genes.
penetrative	The note of Renaissance work in Germany was still Gothic. This we feel in the penetrative earnestness of Darer, in the homeliness of Hans Sachs, in the grotesque humour of Eulenspiegel and the Narrenschiff, the sombre pregnancy of the Faust legend, the almost stolid mastery of Holbein.
penetrometer	He was eloquent on the subject of the penetrometer.
penetrate	They seldom penetrate the living cells, though they do so in a few cases.
penicillamine	Other drugs that have been used to treat JA include methotrexate, sulfasalazine, penicillamine, and hydroxychloroquine.
penguin	Seal Island and Penguin Island are in the bay; Ichaboe, Mercury, and Hollam's Bird islands are to the north; Halifax, Long, Possession, Albatross, Pomona, Plumpudding, and Roastbeef islands are to the south.
penicillium	Thus, Pasteur showed that Penicillium glaucum, when grown in an aqueous solution of ammonium racemate, decomposed the dextro-tartrate, leaving the laevotartrate, and the solution which was originally inactive to polarized light became dextro-rotatory.
penetrating	She shivered at his penetrating gaze.
penitent	And shortly after his penitent died unabsolved.
penicillin	Most side effects of penicillin cannot be prevented.
penile	Penile prosthesis - Don't need straps, buckles or belts.
peninsular	A similar mass, separated from the preceding by a low neck of Tertiary hills, fills up the whole of the peninsular extremity of Italy from Squillace to Reggio.
penis	The penis is very large, cylindrical, with a truncated, expanded, flattened termination.
penitential	Litanies The Penitential Rite; Prayer of the Faithful; the Lamb of God.
penitence	The existence of feelings of remorse and penitence testify to the presence in the individual of motives to good conduct which, if acted upon and allowed full scope and development, may produce a complete change of character.
penlight	She recalled the penlight in her purse and retrieved it.
penmanship	Unless you have perfect penmanship, use a computer to develop written items for your display.
penman	Under his sister's care the young emperor was trained in divers accomplishments which won him the name of Calligraphes ( the Penman), but grew up into a weak though amiable character.
penitentiary	A penitentiary was established in 1817 at Milledgeville.
pennant	The best baseball team will win the pennant.
penknife	He tried to get in with the blade of a very small penknife.
penna	Alessandro de Medici was placed there with the title of duke of Civit di Penna; and, on his murder in 1537, Cosimo de Medici, of the younger branch of the ruling house, was made duke.
pennon	In hand-to-hand fighting before the walls of Newcastle, Douglas is said to have won Sir Henry's pennon, which he swore to fix upon the walls of Dalkeith.
peninsula	Throughout the entire south of the peninsula French influence was predominant.
penniless	He entered Naples as a penniless scholar.
pennies	He heard the pennies jingle in his pocket.
pennyroyal	Other plants to try include black salsify (oyster plant ), coriander, lettuce, onion family, pennyroyal, rosemary and sage.
pennyworth	But in general he dined, and thought that he dined well, on sixpennyworth of meat and a pennyworth of bread at an alehouse near Drury Lane.
pensive	He was pensive for a moment.
pensionable	If you continue in pensionable employment past the age of 60, your benefits will be payable when you leave.
penologist	A penologist works directly with criminals within the prison system, helping to work with inmates and prepare them for a successful return to society.
pensively	He puckered his face, screwed up his eyes, and pensively swayed his head.
penstock	Imposing columns and pillars of ice were visible everywhere—massive icicles and mounds, built up from the spraying water tapped from the piping that paralleled the penstock.
pensioner	He entered as a pensioner of Clare Hall, Cambridge, in 1647, graduated in 1650 and was made fellow of his college in 1651.
pent	Out of respect for Katie, he bit back the bitter words at the tip of his tongue.  He stalked past her, waiting for the moment he could release the pent up fury and magic.
pensionary	He associated himself closely with his greater brother, the grand pensionary, and supported him throughout his career with great ability and vigour.
penny	You should see Penny and Snowflake.
pentad	Those elements which are equivalent in combining or displacing power to a single atom of hydrogen are said to be univalent or monad elements; whilst those which are equivalent to two atoms of hydrogen are termed bivalent or dyad elements; and those equivalent to three, four, five or six atoms of hydrogen triad, tetrad, pentad or hexad elements.
pentacle	If you draw a pentacle card in a reading, it relates to the issue of money in context to the overall reading.
pentagon	The pentagon is the basis of the dodecahedron.
pentagram	You'll have a shape that looks like a pentagram.
pension	We had full medical insurance and a pension program.
pentagonal	St Catherine's, of the middle of the 13th century, is Gothic, with a pentagonal apse.
pentamerous	Thus, in many Caryophyllaceae, as Polycarpon and Holosteum, while the calyx and corolla are pentamerous, there are only three or four stamens and three carpels; in Impatiens Noli-me-tangere the calyx is composed of three parts, while the other verticils have five; in labiate flowers there are five parts of the calyx and corolla, and only four stamens; and in Tropaeolum pentaphyllum there are five sepals, two petals, eight stamens and three carpels.
pentameter	T.S.Eliot To break the pentameter, that was the first heave.
pentathlon	Leaping, quoitthrowing, javelin-throwing, running and wrestling were combined in the pentathlon.
pentane	Similarly, pentane, C 5 H 12, and hexane, C6H14, may exist in three and five theoretically isomeric forms respectively; confirmation of this theory is supplied by the fact that all these compounds have been obtained, but no more.
pentecost	With these have been incorporated the older regulations of H on the Feast of Weeks, or Pentecost, vv.
penthouse	In her penthouse, she was able to take in things at her own pace.
pentecostal	But scores of city merchants and professional men were then meeting daily at that hour to plead for Pentecostal blessings.
penultimate	The genital ducts open on the penultimate somite.
penumbra	The notions of the penumbra and umbra are important in considering eclipses (q.v.).
pentavalent	The oxychloride, bromides, and other compounds were subsequently discovered; here we need only notice Moissan's preparation of the trifluoride and Thorpe's discovery of the pentafluoride, a compound of especial note, for it volatilizes unchanged, giving a vapour of normal density and so demonstrating the stability of a pentavalent phosphorus compound (the pentachloride and pentabromide dissociate into a molecule of the halogen element and phosphorus trichoride).
pentateuch	The Priestly Writer in the Pentateuch also a p pears to be acquainted with this doctrine; it is the first of four ages which begins with the Creation and ends with the Deluge.
pentstemon	Above this belt the firs gradually disappear and are succeeded by the shortleaved Pinus montezumae, or Mexican ocote - one of the largest species of pine in the republic. These continue to the upper tree-line, accompanied by red and purple Pentstemon and light blue lupins in the open spaces, some ferns, and occasional masses of alpine flowers.
penult	Most words take the accent on the penult.
pentose	If the asymmetric system adjoining the COH group, which is that introduced in synthesizing the hexose from the pentose, be eliminated, the formulae at disposal for the two pentoses are CH 2 (OH) - - - COH CH 2 (OH)+-- COH.
pentium	Some MPS Pentium systems, and all MPS Pentium Pro and Pentium II systems, have independent L2 caches.
penurious	His temper was irritable, his habits penurious and solitary.
penury	The result of his experiments was that he found himself completely impoverished, and lived in penury for the remainder of his life.
people	Most people will tell you anything you want to know.
peon	The special person statements consisted of every child saying one positive thing about every other peon in the class.
peony	Yesterday she had on a pink peony that was as large as a bread plate.
peplum	Consider the store's selection of upscale clothing if you're seeking dressy items, such as evening dresses, jacket dresses, elegant peplum jackets, lacy skirts and more.
peonage	The government itself must be held partly responsible, as for the transportation of the mountain-bred Yaquis to the low, tropical plains of Yucatan (see Herman Whitaker's The Planter, 1909), but the influence of three and a half centuries of slavery and peonage cannot be shaken off in a generation.
pep	Is this supposed to be a pep talk?
peperino	It is asserted, too, that some of the earliest tombs of the necropolis of Alba Longa were found beneath a stratum of peperino.
peplus	As early as Homer she takes especial interest in the occupations of women; she makes Hera's robe and her own peplus, and spinning and weaving are often called the works of Athena.
pepo	In the red variety of Cucurbita pepo these crystals may consist of rods, thin plates, flat ribbons or spirals.
peppering	Instead, you'll find deeply dyed blues and faded, dusty, blacks peppering this category.
pepperoni	The pizza toppings range from old favorites like pepperoni to exotic options like asparagus.
peppery	The mouth is round with black fruit flavors that are complemented with a white peppery attitude and enhancing vanilla oak notes.
peptide	C8 Peptide Treatment with kinetin and zeatin is an excellent complement to physician-performed injections.
peppercorn	Peppered beef with mushrooms and glazed onions or a simple filet mignon with green peppercorn cream sauce.
peppy	The third song of the Halo 2 soundtrack, Peril, is a peppy little number with plucky strings and uplifting background accompaniment.
peptic	The condition is also often caused by Heliobacter pylori, the same bacteria responsible for the majority of peptic ulcers.
peppermint	Peppermint, spearmint, and even catnip all belong to the mint family of herbs.
peptone	Heidenhain recognizes two classes, first, such substances as peptone, leech extract and crayfish extract; and, secondly, crystalloids such as sugar, salt, &c. Starling sees no reason to believe that members of either class act otherwise than by increasing the pressure in the capillaries or by injuring the endothelial wall.
pepsin	Such an enzyme is the pepsin of the stomach of the higher animals.
perambulator	The rock wallabies are soft and woolly and often of a pretty bluish tone, and make moderately useful carriage rugs and perambulator aprons.
percent	I was a hundred percent truthful—same as always, almost.
percale	All their products are made in England in 100% Egyptian cotton percale with a reduced iron finish.
percentile	Percentile curves are presented in 4 different growth curves.
perambulation	After the Reformation the processions gradually ceased to be ecclesiastical in England, and are now practically secularized into the perambulation of the parish boundaries on or about Ascension Day.
perception	When sight in one eye is affected, it can affect our depth perception.
percept	Every percept is such a starting-point; it is an immediate certainty, remaining with us unmodified as the basis 1 Deontology, p. 42.
perceive	I perceive pressure, heat, color, sound, flavor and odor in my five senses.
perceptive	It was amazing how someone could be so perceptive at one moment and clueless the next.
perceptibly	As the summer of 1806 wore on, his policy perceptibly hardened.
pepper	Chili pepper lights distracted her.
perceptual	The child makes perceptual discriminations involving color, shape, size, use, number, missing parts, and symbolic material.
perceptible	It has a perceptible influence on the Hindu character.
perchance	But perchance it would be wisest never to put one's paw into it.
perch	The scaly fish include members of the carp and perch kind.
percentage	Amazon even tells you what percentage of people buys each one.
per	Yeah, but here you measure the land by cows per acre, not the other way around.
percolate	Christianity had already begun to percolate Hungary.
perchloric	The halogen of lower atomic weight can displace one of higher atomic weight from its hydrogen compound, or from the salt derived from such hydrogen compound, while, on the other hand, the halogen of higher atomic weight can displace that of lower atomic weight, from the halogen oxy-acids and their salts; thus iodine will liberate chlorine from potassium chlorate and also from perchloric acid.
percussionist	Noted for his skills in beatboxing, Rahzel has referred to himself as a vocal percussionist.
percipient	In addition to the presentation of revived memories, and of objectivation of ideas or images consciously or unconsciously in the mind of the percipient, there occur visions, possibly telepathic or clairvoyant, implying acquirement of knowledge by supra-normal means.
percolation	It is probable that the coarser soils, permitting more rapid percolation, would generally give higher results.
perdition	Let no thought of the morrow enter your mind, else you will incur everlasting perdition.
perdu	On the south, east and west, these ranges, though wild and rugged, are of no great elevation, but on the north the Pyrenees attain their greatest altitude in the peaks of Aneto (11,168 ft.) and Monte Perdido (10,998 ft.) - also known as Las Tres Sorores, and, in French, as Mont Perdu.
percussion	The marching band had one percussion player who played the triangle.
percussive	The earliest communications were carried on by means of raps, or, as Sir William Crookes calls them, percussive sounds.
perdue	By the time of the XIIth Dynasty, and perhaps earlier, cire perdue casting over an ash core became usual.
percutaneous	Link Blank... treatment options, including spinal injections, percutaneous disk decompression and radiofrequency.. .
peremptory	His reply was peremptory and indignant.
peremptorily	All exportation except to England was peremptorily forbidden, and the woollen manufacture soon decayed.
perennial	Twining plants with running perennial roots.
peregrine	His name was Peregrine White.
perennially	The so-called Whittlesey Wash, in the neighbourhood of the town, is among several tracts in the fens which are perennially flooded.
perfectionism	It is important to avoid perfectionism in corpus building.
perfectionist	The designer is a perfectionist and that shows in his eyewear designs.
perfectibility	He was not, however, to be moved by such means, and (1792) issued his work Die Religion der Vollkommeneren, an exposition of his theological position, in which he advocated at length the idea, subsequently often urged, of the perfectibility of Christianity, - that is, of the ultimate transformation of Christianity into a scheme of simple morality, with a complete rejection of all specifically Christian ideas and methods.
pere	Pere Lourdel, who was Mwanga's chief adviser at this time, counselled acceptance of these terms, but Jackson at first marched in a different direction northwards.
perfecter	From the 6th century onwards he was looked upon as one of the chief poets and musicians of antiquity, the inventor or perfecter of the lyre, who by his music and singing was able not only to charm the wild beasts, but even to draw the trees and rocks from their places, and to arrest the rivers in their course.
perfervid	Merimee was tried for a week, but the cool cynic and the perfervid apostle of women's rights proved mutually repulsive.
perfidy	No`aim had to pay for his perfidy with his life.
perfidious	Zaki did not long enjoy the fruits of his perfidious dealing.
perfect	I think you're the most perfect person I've ever met.
perforator	The operator actuates a typewriter form of perforator which punches varying groups of holes, representing the different characters, in a paper strip about one inch wide.
perforation	A large number of mammals possess a perforation, or foramen, on the inner side of the lower end of the humerus, and also a projection on the shaft of the femur known as the third trochanter.
perfection	You can't expect all this perfection to happen without a lot of work.
performance	A performance of one of the plays is given annually.
perforate	A large number of corals, both aporose and perforate, are colonial.
perfume	She sprayed the perfume on her wrist and coughed.
perfectly	Heaven is a perfectly marvelous place.
perforce	Its contents, as was to be expected, are of a very chaotic character - of a character so chaotic indeed that the reader is almost at the mercy of the arrangement, perforce an arbitrary arrangement, of the editors.
perfumer	Quite apart from the genuineness of a sample, its special aroma constitutes the value of an oil, and in this respect the judging of the value of a given oil may, apart from the purity, be more readily solved by an experienced perfumer than by the chemist.
performer	She was greatly delighted with the monkeys and kept her hand on the star performer while he went through his tricks, and laughed heartily when he took off his hat to the audience.
perfumed	The body is then taken to the ground floor where it was born, and, after being washed and perfumed, is dressed in clean white clothes, and laid upon an iron bier.
perfunctory	He dropped a perfunctory kiss on her cheek and left.
perhaps	Perhaps it was a foolish thing to do.
perfumery	It is used by perfumery manufacturers as an ingredient.
perfusion	Twin-twin reverse arterial perfusion (TRAP) sequence occurs in about 1 percent of monochorionic twins.
peri	It comes in colors such as Peach and Peri Blue.
pergola	There are many reasons of building a pergola in your garden.
perform	The doctor said he wouldn't be able to perform at first.
perianth	Flower with Perianth removed.
pericardium	The typical pericardium is well developed.
pericarp	Sometimes the pericarp is membranous, sometimes hard, forming a nut, as in some genera of Bambuseae, while in other Bambuseae it becomes thick and fleshy, forming a berry often as large as an apple.
pericarditis	If you have pericarditis, the amount of fluid increases and causes your heart to compress.
pericardial	To this pericardial coelom is frequently added a gonocoel enclosing the gonads and the funnels of their ducts.
pericyclic	In the very frequent cases where the bundles have considerable individuality, the fibrous pericyclic cap very clearly has a common origin from the same strand of tissue as the vascular elements themselves.
periderm	This is the phellogen, Periderm.
pericycle	The cylinder is surrounded by a mantle of one or more layers of parenchymatous cells, the pericycle, and the xylem is generally separated from the phloem in the stem by a similar layer, the mesocycle (corresponding with the amylom sheath in mosses).
performing	But about that year the performing pitch of the Society had reached 452.5.
peridot	August - The August stone is peridot, with sardonyx listed as the August alternate.
perigee	An Anomalistic month is the time in which the moon passes from perigee to perigee, &c.
perihelion	In 1898 the remarkable minor planet Eros was discovered, which, on those rare occasions when in opposition near perihelion, would approach the earth to a distance of 0 .
perilous	They obviously sensed that it would be perilous to tease Brandon.
perikarya	Exner first showed, many years ago, that the nerve impulse travels through the spinal ganglion at the same speed as along the other parts of the nerve trunk - that is, that it suffers no delay in transit through the perikarya of the afferent rootneurons.
perikaryon	The neuron is described as having a cell body or perikaryon from which the cell branches - dendrites and axon - extend, and it is this perikaryon which, as its name implies, muscle produces lactic acids during activity, it has been suggested that acids are among the fatigue substances with which muscle poisons itself when deprived of circulating blood.
perilously	It was balanced perilously between a small town that lacked only a sheriff, and a booming frontier town.
peril	Gibbon's stylistic artifice both averted the peril of prosecution and rendered the attack more telling.
perimeter	He was touring the perimeter, as he did daily.
perineal	As a surgeon, Simon's work came second to his interest in sanitary science, but he claimed priority over Cock in the operation of perineal puncture of the urethra in cases of retention from stricture.
perineum	The male urethra begins at the bladder and runs through the prostate and perineum to the penis, which it traverses as far as the tip. It is divided into a prostatic, membranous and spongy part, and is altogether about 8 inches in length.
periosteum	Where a chronic inflammatory process has taken possession of an organ, or, let us say, has been located in periosteum or other fibrous part, there is a great tendency to the production of cicatricial fibrous tissue in mass.
periodicity	Besides investigating other phenomena connected with a vacuum, he constructed an electrical machine which depended on the excitation of a rotating ball of sulphur; and he made successful researches in astronomy, predicting the periodicity of the return of comets.
periodontal	National collaborative work with the UK National Periodontal Diseases Consortium enables genetic studies of aggressive periodontitis.
periodic	Numerous attempts have been made to find periodic variations in thunderstorm frequency.
periodical	It's like finding a long lost periodical son.
peripheral	They hadn't traveled far down the trail before she got a peripheral view of the building.
peripatetic	He introduced into medical theory the four causes of the Peripatetic system.
peripateticism	Glanvill's first work (a passage in which suggested the theme of Matthew Arnold's Scholar Gipsy), The Vanity of Dogmatizing, or Confidence in Opinions, manifested in a Discourse of the shortness and uncertainty of our Knowledge, and its Causes, with Reflexions on Peripateticism, and an Apology for Philosophy (1661), is interesting as showing one special direction in which the new method of the Cartesian philosophy might be developed.
period	They covered a period of twenty years.
periphery	The largest vessels have ready entrance to the harbour - which has a periphery of 15 m.
periodically	In those localities, however, it is not the same water which varies in temperature with the season, but the water of different warm and cold currents which periodically occupy the same locality as they advance and retreat.
periphrastic	The periphrastic superlatives also greatly outnumber the inflectional superlatives from the Late Middle English period onwards.
peripteral	The temple is a Doric peripteral hexastyle in antis, with 13 columns at the sides; its length is 104 ft., its breadth 452 ft., its height, to the top of the pediment, 33 ft.
perique	Reclaimed marsh-land and fresh alluvium (the so-called front-lands on rivers and bayous) are choice soil for Indian corn, sugar-cane, perique tobacco, semi-tropical fruits and cotton.
periscope	The word periscope was first applied to this instrument.
perishable	The sap-wood is more perishable,, but it is useful for fences, casks and a variety of other purposes;.
perisarc	The perisarc when, present invests the hydrorhiza and hydrocaulus; it may stop short below the hydranth, or it may extend farther.
perish	As matters stand, I must either conquer or perish in a little.
perishables	While many of the products are fresh in the day-to-day sense, they do not include very short-life perishables or chilled goods.
perisperm	Seeds in which endosperm or perisperm or both exist are commonly called albuminous or endospermic, those in which neither is found are termed exalbuminous or exendospermic. These terms, extensively used by systematists, only refer, however, to the grosser features of the seed, and indicate the more or less evident.
perishing	The very elements now began to fight against the perishing but still unconquered host.
peristaltic	One effect he describes is that, after taking opium, The peristaltic Motion of the Intestines becomes more languid.
peristome	The mouth of the pitcher has a corrugated rim (peristome) formed by incurving of the margin, the convex surface of which is firm and shining.
peristalsis	Sometimes there is too little peristalsis, which can slow the passage of undigested material through the colon and cause constipation.
perithecia	The perithecia are only produced exceptionally in Europe, but this stage of the life-history is common in the United States and causes a widely spread disease among the American vines.
perished	The French perished from the conditions to which the Russian army was itself exposed.
perithecium	Ascus from perithecium containing six spores, X30o.
peristyle	The peristyle, if we compare the measurements of the stylobate with those of the drums built into the wall of the Acropolis, may be concluded to have consisted of six Doric columns at the ends and twelve at the sides.
peritoneal	The adult stage, for example, has been found in the nasal passages of sheep, goats, horses and even of man, and the larval stage in the pleural and peritoneal cavities of dogs and cats.
periwinkle	There are many shades of blue, however what makes periwinkle special is the fact that it blends so well with other colors, making it an extremely versatile color choice.
perjured	The well-meaning but weak king Zedekiah he denounces with bitter scorn as a perjured traitor (xvii).
peritonitis	On the 19th of March he was seized with what proved to be peritonitis, and he died on the 24th.
peritoneum	At its posterior margin the peritoneum of the great sac is reflected on to the diaphragm to form the anterior layer of the coronary ligament.
perjurer	To cause loss of liberty or property by false witness was punished by the penalty the perjurer sought to bring upon another.
perky	She was panting, and light beads of sweat dripped down between the cleavage of her perfectly-formed perky breasts.
perk	His words seemed to perk up Franny.
permafrost	Until recently, permafrost has locked carbon and methane beneath the surface of the planet.
perjury	By this act of perjury a verdict of guilty was procured from the jury.
permanence	In such a state of mind as this there was no motive for seeking permanence by writing.
permanency	The permanency of colour by which they are distinguished is attributed to the properties of the water of the Stour, which is impregnated with iron and fuller's earth.
perlite	These globular bodies are, in fact, merely the more coherent portions of a perlite; the rest of the rock falls down in a fine powder setting free the glassy spheres.
perlitic	When it cools it becomes hard, but if before it is quite cold we plunge it into cold water a very perfect perlitic structure will arise in it.
perm	Astrakhan, perhaps extending also into Perm.
permeate	A distinct smell of stinking fish began to permeate the EU institutions !
permeable	The crust of the earth, so far as it is permeable and above the sea-level, receives from rainfall its supply of fresh water.
permanganate	On oxidation with potassium permanganate it is converted into acetyl urea, together with other products.
permeability	The first exact experiments demonstrating the changes which occur in the permeability of iron,, 3 Phil.
permission	She politely asked her mother for permission, which was granted.
permissive	Children in permissive households may also learn behaviors that do not serve them well in adulthood, such as manipulative behavior, lacking a sense of self-discipline, and an inability to cope with authority.
permeation	In FrontPage 2003, Microsoft acknowledged the permeation of Flash on the web and included the option simply let the program generate the code for itself.
permanent	She wanted a permanent relationship with him - marriage.
permissible	This may not be logical, but long usage has made it permissible or even necessary.
permittivity	Nothing is going to have a relative permittivity less than that of a vacuum!
permutation	Separation anxiety disorder is one permutation of anxiety disorders that is common in children.
pern	The most famous fantasy-literature dragons, of course, are Anne McCaffrey's The Dragonriders of Pern.
pernicious	The pernicious weed has spread all through the flower bed.
permit	The permit is withdrawn if the clearance is not obtained within three years.
peroration	The peroration contains a noble appeal to the Italian liberator of his dreams, and a parallel from Macedonian history, which, read by the light of this century, sounds like a prophecy of Piedmont.
permanently	In any event, someone is permanently finished doing anything.
perpendicularly	For a point in the line OY bisecting the magnet perpendicularly, 0 =42 therefore cos 0 =0, and the point D is at an infinite distance.
perpetuate	Nations are possessed with an insane ambition to perpetuate the memory of themselves by the amount of hammered stone they leave.
perpetrate	There have always been con artists who take advantage of legitimate services in order to perpetrate criminal acts.
perpetrator	The actual perpetrator of the deed, a soldier, was tried and executed, but he was apparently ignorant of the persons who procured his services.
perpetuity	The land revenue was fixed in perpetuity with the zemindar in 17 93.
perpetuation	One major problem with reality TV is the perpetuation of problems with America.
perpetually	The grounds for the music hall were given by the city and are perpetually exempt from taxation.
perplex	Conversations, actions and minute details that the person would have no way of knowing perplex scientists.
perry	He entered the navy as midshipman (1799) with his father, Christopher Raymond Perry (1761-1818), a captain in the navy, and saw service against the Barbary pirates.
perplexing	It was on one of those occasions that Lisa made her first perplexing discovery.
perplexed	She was perplexed by this creature.
peroxide	In some cases, such as that of peroxide of lead, an increase of resistance takes place.
pers	The mountain tribes on the road (the Oxii, Pers, Huzha), accustomed to exact blackmail even from the king's train, learnt by a bitter lesson that a stronger hand had come to wield the empire.
perron	The sword in the perron (stone pillar or block), the withdrawal of which proves his right to the kingdom, is the sword of the Branstock.
perplexity	In my perplexity I did not know whose aid and advice to seek.
perse	A company was formed in the same year and started business at Teheran in 1890 as the Banque des Prts de Perse.
persecute	For when after death the powers of the air throng around and persecute, the soul flees into the first lodging of clay that it finds.
perseverance	It took planning and perseverance to be successful.
persecutor	He was of course a persecutor of heretics.
persevere	When Grey attempted to persevere with his scheme he was recalled.
persist	Nightmares persist with the dogs of the law in never ending pursuit.
persistence	Hence the Persistence of Force is the ultimate basis of knowledge.
persimmon	Other trees common in the state are the persimmon, sassafras, and, in the Ohio Valley region, the sycamore.
perpendicular	The old woodwork is fine, part being Perpendicular, but the greater portion dates from 1621.
persevering	The English enterprises were persevering, continuous and successful.
persistency	Although not a man of great importance, Bibulus showed great persistency as the enemy of Caesar.
perpetual	She was an attractive girl with a quick smile and a perpetual twinkle in her eyes.
persistently	The direction of their inquiry is persistently outward.
persnickety	I have a Siamese who is very persnickety about her litter box.
persona	He slipped into that professional persona.
personal	We all have a personal life.
personable	He's a personable young man and a whale of a basketball player.
persian	In Persian Yauna was the generic term for Greeks.'
persistent	He was completely obsessed by one persistent thought.
personality	His personality was quiet and sober.
personae	Modern critics would place his birth later, - between 444 and 436 B.C.,- because, in Plato's Republic, of which the scene is laid about 430 B.C., Cephalus, the father of Lysias, is among the dramatis personae, and the emigration of Lysias to Thurii was said to have followed his father's death.
person	Do you expect to find this person in Ashley?
personage	Every prince of the blood is a royal personage.
personalty	The chief sources of revenue are taxes on realty, personalty and corporations, a poll-tax, and licences.
personification	He was the personification of evil.
personate	Now Perkin Warbeck had first appeared in Ireland in 1491, and had somehow been persuaded there to personate Richard, duke of York, the younger of the two princes murdered in the Tower, pretending that he had escaped, though his brother had been killed.
persecution	Under the persecution, a large number were killed, and between four and five millions of Protestants left the country.
personation	These offences include not only treating, undue influence, bribery and personation, but certain others, of which the following are the chief.
perspective	When he spoke, his perspective surprised her.
personalization	This gives the album a great deal of personalization.
personify	These actors personify the concept of fame, from great performances to interesting and unique personal lives.
perspicacious	The Jagiellos were rarely brilliant, but they were always perspicacious.
perspex	Concours Clarion portable Circa late 1960s - Portable reel to reel tape recorder in light gray metal case with clear perspex cover.
personalize	For an elegant take, consider having the shirts monogrammed with the bridal party members' initials.Another way to personalize the tees is to include the date of the wedding and the bride and groom's names.
perspiration	Perspiration ran down the back of her neck.
perspicacity	It is by sheer strength of thought, by the vigorous perspicacity with which he strikes the lines of cleavage of his subject, that he makes his way into the mind of the reader; in the presence of gifts of this power we need not quarrel with an ungainly style.
personnel	He also asked for and received Byrne's department personnel file.
perspicuity	De Morgan's writings, however excellent, give little idea of the perspicuity and elegance of his viva voce expositions, which never failed to fix the attention of all who were worthy of hearing him.
perspicuous	His style is perfectly perspicuous, and its strong home-touch compensates for what is lacking in elasticity and grace.
perspire	Children perspire less than adults and require a higher core body temperature to trigger sweating.
persuasion	Conversion is to be effected by persuasion, not by the sword.
persuader	The knowledge that one will be caught is the most effective persuader.
persuasive	You're the most persuasive person I've ever met.
pertinacious	Apart from his pertinacious fight for economy Hume was not always fortunate in his political activity.
pert	Shadows played across the delicate, pert features.
pertain	Your questions should pertain directly to the discussion topic.
persuade	How did you persuade Mother to agree to this?
pertinent	So give me some pertinent facts.
pertinaciously	Throughout this dual existence Mr. Dodgson pertinaciously refused to acquiesce in being publicly identified with Lewis Carroll.
persuasiveness	He had a great reputation as an orator, and is characterized by Ennius as the quintessence of persuasiveness (suadae medulla).
pertinacity	They fought with more pertinacity than bulldogs.
perturb	The first news of the Russian attack did not perturb Austrian headquarters, though Gen.
perturbation	After various remodellings, and amid much perturbation, secession, violent reproach, the Household Suffrage Bill passed in August 1867.
personally	Personally, I like it best too, and I think it's the best bargain.
pertinently	Applying this synechological view to the supposed inclusion of soul in soul, he deduced the conclusion that, as here the nature of one's soul is to unite one's little body, so hereafter its essence will be to unite a greater body, while God's spirit unites the whole world by His omnipresence; and he pertinently asked, in opposition to the punctual view, whether God's soul is centred in a point.
perusal	Perusal of the map below will show the location.
pertinence	Some of these are of historical interest, while others have a pertinence to mining at the locality in modern times.
pertussis	The vaccine is designed to prevent diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, hepatitis B and polio.
peruvian	Iquique was an insignificant Peruvian fishing settlement until 1830 when the export of nitrate began.
perverse	His perverse thoughts were so disturbing so he decided to try seeing a therapist.
pervade	He appeared at a time when contempt for intellectual pursuits had begun to pervade society.
peruse	Catch your breath, relax and peruse the cafe's single-estate coffee menu.
pervasive	As I was saying digital practice is so pervasive.
perversion	The older Protestantism uncompromisingly judged the monastic ideal and life to be both unchristian and unnatural, an absolute perversion deserving nothing but condemnation.
perversity	But except for this single instance of oversight or perversity her defence was throughout a masterpiece of indomitable ingenuity, of delicate and steadfast courage, of womanly dignity and genius.
perverted	The Apostolic tradition might have been perverted and corrupted.
pervert	Wealth, popularity and power tend to dethrone the authority of reason and to pervert the soul from the natural to the artificial.
pes	Quite another and later work is the Pes.
pervious	In Hirudo the funnel is not pervious and is composed of a large number of cells.
perversely	The stint in jail, perversely enough, added to his allure.
pessary	Similarly I will not give a woman a destructive pessary.
pester	I know you're mad at him and thought you'd like to pester him.
peseta	The silver coinage consists of the sol (100 cents), half sol (50 cents), and pieces of 20 (peseta), so and 5 cents; and the copper coinage of 1 and 2 cents.
pessimism	It is pessimism that says, We are doomed.
pessimistic	At the time in history when our future has never looked brighter, it is baffling that some people are more pessimistic than ever.
pesky	These kits will kill and help you take control of those pesky bed bugs.
peso	The peso is also the name of the Mexican dollar.
pessimist	Carlyle was throughout a pessimist or a prophet denouncing a backsliding world.
pesticide	Not just a certain pesticide, but pesticides that contained a certain chemical.
pestilent	An Inquisition tribunal was established in the capital in 1571, and in 1574 its first auto-da-fe was celebrated with the burning of twenty-one pestilent Lutherans.
pet	He's a regular pet now.
pest	It is the most serious pest of cotton in the West Indies.
pestilence	The pestilence was fearfully severe.
pestle	Even the Calaveras man is no exception, since his skull and his polished conical pestle, the latter made of stone more recent than the auriferous gravels, show him to have been of Digger Indian type.
petal	Even the tiny rose petal lips looked pale.
pestilential	And so pestilential was their touch considered that it was a crime for them to walk the common road barefooted.
petaloid	The seven series of Monocotyledons represent a sequence beginning with the most complicated epigynous orders, such as Orchideae and Scitamineae, and passing through the petaloid hypogynous orders (series Coronarieae) of which Liliaceae is the representative to Juncaceae and the palms (series Calycinae) where the perianth Ioses its petaloid character and thence to the Aroids, screw-pines and albuminous Dicotyledons the cotyledons act as the absorbents of the reserve-food of the seed and are commonly brought above ground (epigeal), either withdrawn from the seed-coat or carrying it upon them, and then they serve as the first green organs of the plant.
petersham	The suburbs comprise the following distinct municipalities, Alexandria, with a population in 1901 of 9341; Annandale, 8 349; Ashfield, 14,329; Balmain, 30,076; Bexley, 3079; Botany, 33 8 3; North Botany, 3772; Burwood, 7521; Camperdown, 7931 Canterbury, 4226; Concord, 2818;2818; Darlington, 3784; Drummoyne, 4244; Enfield, 2 4 97;97; Erskineville, 6059; Glebe, 19,220;, Hunter's Hill, 4232; Hurstville, 4019; Kogarah, 3892; Lane Cove, 1918; Leichhardt, 17,454; Manly, 5035; Marrickville, 18, 775; Eastwood, 713; Mosman, 5691; Newtown, 22,598;22,598; North Sydney, 22,040; Paddington, 21,984; Petersham, 15,307; Randwick, 9753; Redfern, 24,2,9; Rockdale, 7857; Ryde, 3222; St Peter's, 5906; Vaucluse, 1152; Waterloo, 9609;9609; Waverley, 12,342; Willoughby, 6004; Woollahra, 12,351.
petechiae	Bleeding into the skin takes the form of purpura or petechiae.
petiole	The petiole varies in length, being usually shorter than the lamina, but sometimes much longer.
petrel	This man was the stormy petrel of the period.
petitioner	Furthermore, the cause of action must have been recognized in the jurisdiction in which the petitioner resided at the time it arose.
petrochemical	Every time you or I use a petrochemical derived fuel it comes from a recorded supply.
petrifaction	There was a truth in these criticisms. It was the very aim of Hegelianism to render fluid the fixed phases of reality - to show existence not to be an immovable rock limiting the efforts of thought, but to have thought implicit in it, waiting for release from its petrifaction.
petrine	Recently Schubert has sought to derive the elements which are found in the Petrine Gospel, but not in the canonical gospels, from the original Ada Pilati, while Zahn exactly reverses the relation of these two works.
petition	The plea was included in a petition to the first parliament of Charles II.
petite	I've never been called petite in my life!
peter	He is not Peter Standish.
pollinate	Pollinate tomatoes by hand to ensure early fruit on plants intended for outdoor culture.
pollination	But the common agents for pollination are insects.
polling	Then you'd get on the bus or subway and go to the polling place and vote.
pollack	Mackerel, cod, pollack and flat-fishes are the kinds most frequently attacked by them in the sea; of river-fish the migratory Salmonidae and the shad are sometimes found with the marks of the teeth of the lamprey, or with the fish actually attached to them.
pollute	Do not pollute country streams with waste food, empty cans or bottles.
pollution	Heathenish cults and forbidden manners and customs are a pollution to the land and a deep insult to the true God.
polo	I have a couple of polo shirts, but no light shirts.
pollutant	Plastic bags in the ocean is a well documented water pollutant.
polloi	Leo Strauss thought hoi polloi could justifiable be kept docile by lies, and the biggest one is religion.
pollock	As Pollock and Maitland (History of English Law) say on the whole the charter contains little that is absolutely new.
pollster	It did prompt one well-known internet pollster to ask its panel to compare politicians with animals.
poltergeist	The Windmill The Windmill was once said to be haunted by a poltergeist.
polonaise	Under these circumstances began in 1864 the great persecution of the croyance Polonaise,as the Catholic faith was called.
polonium	After removing the uranium, it was found that the bismuth separated with a very active substance - polonium; this element was afterwards isolated by Marckwald, and proved to be identical with his radiotellurium; that the barium could be separated with another active substance - radium; whilst a third fraction, composed mainly of the rare earths (thorium, &c.), yielded to Debierne another radioactive element - actinium, which proved to be identical with the emanium of Giesel.
poly	Poly HC Pontypridd Ladies We are a club looking to explore new avenues in Europe.
polyanthus	The polyanthus or bunch narcissi form another well-marked group, whose peculiarity of producing many flowers on the stem is indicated by the name.
polyandry	In some islands polyandry was practised; in others the natives were monogamous.
polybasic	Liebig promoted his doctrine of polybasic acids.
polyamide	Compression bandages crepe, cotton crepe and cotton, polyamide, and elastane bandaging all provide support without exerting undue pressure.
polychaete	Of these 6, the two first to be considered are very plainly separable and represent the extremes of Polychaete organization.
polychromatic	The courts are ornamented by sculptures of great beauty and richness; the delicately-carved cedar ceiling bears traces of polychromatic painting.
polychrome	Its pulpit is decorated with the richest polychrome mosaic that can be found anywhere in Sicily or south Italy, and is quite Moslem in its brilliance.
polycarp	Philomelion was probably a Pergamenian foundation on the great Graeco-Roman highway from Ephesus to the east, and to its townsmen the Smyrniotes wrote the letter that describes the martyrdom of Polycarp. Cicero, on his way to Cilicia, dated some of his extant correspondence there; and the place played a considerable part in the frontier wars between the Byzantine emperors and the sultanate of Rum.
polycystic	Ovulation induction with urinary follicle stimulating hormone versus human menopausal gonadotropin for clomiphene-resistant polycystic ovary syndrome (Cochrane Review ).
polycrystalline	The tool durability increases from high speed steel cemented carbide polycrystalline diamond, but that sequence also applies to costs.
polyester	They'd gone shopping at the local Goodwill for their polyester outfits.
polycyclic	In such cases the vascular system is said to be polycyclic in contrast with the ordinary monocyclic condition, These internal strands or cylinders are to be regarded as peculiar types of elaboration of the stele, and probably act as reservoirs for water-storage which can be drawn upon when the water supply from the root is deficient.
polydactyly	Polydactyly and syndactyly are congenital malformations of the fingers and/or toes.
polyembryony	Polyembryony is generally associated with the development of cells other than the egg-cell.
polyethylene	This discovery he worked out very thoroughly in investigations of ethylene oxide and the polyethylene alcohols.
polygamist	Instead of trying to keep quiet with his illegal behavior, he instead chose to star in a reality show that chronicles his polygamist lifestyle.
polygala	These teeth sometimes form a regular fringe round the margin, and the petal becomes fimbriated, as in the pink; or laciniated, as in Lychnis Flos-cuculi; or crested, as in Polygala.
polygamous	They are strong, active birds, and are believed to be polygamous.
polygamy	Polygamy is almost confined to the richer classes.
prettily	Is of the nature of a leopard and prettily marked with stripes and oblong spots.
pretty	Oh, what a pretty sound it made!
prevail	Which of these two laws will prevail, God only knows.
pretzel	We got some salt water taffy and a chocolate covered pretzel to share.
prevalence	The prevalence of sunlight led to a restriction of the windows and exaggeration of wall space.
prevalent	The custom is prevalent in today's society.
prettiness	They're cold and flabby, like cabbages, in spite of their prettiness.
prevailingly	The Appalachian trends (N.E.S.W.) that are so prominent in the stratified belt of the middle Appalachians, and are fairly well marked in the crystalline belt of New Jersey and Pennsylvania, are prevailingly absent in New England.
prevent	Nature found a way to prevent that.
preventable	Most actions that result in wounds are preventable.
preventer	Most preventer inhalers contain corticosteroids, which are similar to natural hormones produced in the body.
preventive	But the efficiency of this preventive stops short at the point of saving human life.
preventible	Malarial fevers are also common, and diseases of the digestive organs, in great part easily preventible, figure among the principal causes of death.
preview	The preview was a foreshadowing of events in season six.
previous	The night was dark but starry, the road showed black in the snow that had fallen the previous day--the day of the battle.
preventative	Local knowledge and capacity has proved central to the success of preventative education.
prevision	Locke seems hardly to realize all that is implied in scientific prevision or expectation of change.
prevailing	The prevailing winds are from south to west.
prevention	A bill for the better prevention of pellagra was introduced in the spring of 1902.
price	Then they all agree to set the price per flip at $1,000.
preyer	Preyer's view is that the essential condition for initiation is fatigue of the will-power under a prolonged effort of undivided attention.
pricey	Bertha and I are a team, and she's a lot cheaper than renting one of those pricey new Jeeps.
prick	That's the kind of prick he is.
previously	She opened the door and the bright daylight in that previously darkened room startled her.
prickle	Cool air made all the skin of her naked body prickle.
pricking	The borzois jumped up, jerking the rings of the leashes and pricking their ears.
pride	Of course, his pride was injured.
prickling	Her throat felt tight and her eyes were prickling with tears.
priceless	How priceless are those last moments!
priest	After some readings and a hymn, the priest moved to the pulpit.
pricy	If that's too pricy the Milford Plaza is less expensive but totally not swanky at all.
prey	The town had become a prey to anarchy.
priestcraft	One of his great merits is that he was the first to dissociate medicine from priestcraft, and to direct exclusive attention to the natural history of disease.
prickly	I'll beat Old Prickly, all right.
priestess	I was asked, as a druid priestess, to do ceremony there.
prig	He was only saved by his intellect and his fine nature from turning out an arrant prig.
priestly	Women are admitted to priestly offices as well as men.
prim	She leaned against her mother and burst into such a loud, ringing fit of laughter that even the prim visitor could not help joining in.
primacy	Her ancient prestige, her geographical position and the intellectual primacy of her most noble children rendered Italy the battleground of principles that set all Christendom in motion, and by the clash of which she found herself for ever afterwards divided.
primal	There was something primal in his low growl that made her body boil.
primatial	The primatial see was placed at Malines (Mechlin), having under it Antwerp, Hertogenbosch, Roermond, Ghent, Bruges, and Ypres constituting the Flemish province; the second archbishopric was at Cambray, with Tournay, Arras, St Omer, and Namur, - the Walloon province; the third at Utrecht, with Haarlem, Middleburg, Leeuwarden, Groningen and Deventer, - the northern (Dutch) province.
priced	Let's turn ourselves in and get a high priced lawyer.
primates	The officials of primates in their turn made similar attempts.
prime	I think I might get the prime rib.
priesthood	I was sure he was making a mistake about the priesthood and I thought I was proving it.
primary	Support was heavy for the school's primary sport.
primeval	But he was a profoundly interested observer of affairs at home and among 1 The Assyrian term abubu is used of the great primeval deluge (in the Gilgamesh epic), and also of the local floods common in the country.
primitive	First, nutrition is a very primitive science.
priming	It would also be used in the seed priming project.
primer	This primer was his only book, and he loved it.
primitivism	When we visited there was a very striking exhibition examining how African folk art has influenced primitivism in western art.
primordial	The primordial air is conceived as animated.
primitively	The development, on the contrary, shows unequivocally that the endodermlamella arises as a local coalescence of the endodermal linings of a primitively extensive gastral space.
primogeniture	In 1639 inheritance by primogeniture was abolished, and this resulted in conflict with the British courts in the 18th century.
primo	If you're seeking the ultimate in comfortable footwear, consider Merrell Primo Scoop Clogs women styles for your next purchase.
primarily	Naval defence in any case remained primarily a question for the Imperial navy, and by agreement (1903, for ten years) between the British government and the governments of the Commonwealth (contributing an annual subsidy of £200,000) and of New Zealand (£40,000), an efficient fleet patrolled the Australasian waters, Sydney, its headquarters, being ranked as a first-class naval station.
prince	The prince shifted in his seat, his large frame tense.
primula	For example, in the genus Primula, a highly characteristic genus of the alpine flora, whose members are among the most striking ornaments of the rocks, the single northern species, P. farinosa, grows only in marshy meadows.
primus	The president or moderator of each church court was Primus inter pares.
primrose	The peduncle is simple, bearing a single flower, as in primrose; or branched, as in London-pride.
primp	Toni walked into the apartment like it was a catwalk, pausing every few feet to primp and pose.
primordium	In fact, while holding firmly by the former, Bonnet more or less modified the latter in his later writings, and, at length, he admits that a germ need not be an actual miniature of the organism, hut that it may be merely an original preformation capable of producing the latter.4 But, thus defined, the germ is neither more nor less than the particula genitalis of Aristotle, or the primordium vegetale or ovum of Harvey; and the evolution of such a germ would not be distinguishable from epigenesis.
princeling	He was not the same untried princeling who had saved him from the catacombs several years before.
principalship	In 1859 he was appointed successor to Brewster in the principalship of the United College of St Andrews, a position which he held until his death at Clifton on the 31st of December 1868.
principle	The basic principle was that those who worked hard would be rewarded.
princely	Princely correspondence was not always pleasant.
principium	In preparing lead plaster by boiling olive oil with oxide of lead and a little water - a process palpably analogous to that of the soap-boilerhe obtained a sweet substance which, called by himself Olsiiss ( principium dulce oleorum ), is now known as glycerin.
principe	Puerto Principe is connected by railway, 47 m.
princess	She patted Princess on the neck.
principality	Indeed, it was not so much a principality as a municipal republic of the Venetian type.
printout	You will be sent a printout should your child's pattern of attendance show any irregularities.
principal	The principal part of the city lies between these two streams, with its great plaza in the centre.
prioritize	We agreed to prioritize those where possible.
priority	The first priority was rescuing children.
prioress	The movement was especially strong in the diocese of Liege, and when Julienne, prioress of Mont-Cornillon near Liege (1222-1258), had a vision in which the need for the establishment of a festival in honour of the Sacrament was revealed to her, the matter was taken up with enthusiasm by the clergy, and in 1246 Robert de Torote, bishop of Liege, instituted such a festival for his diocese.
prise	Her relationship with Owen Tudor was never accepted by her royal in-laws, who did everything to prise the couple apart.
print	It seems to me when you practice letters, you print uppercase letters first, don't you?
printer	This printer is purely mechanical, and its speed is very high.
prism	If a suitable prism is placed in front of the eyes the double vision may be prevented.
principally	The fisheries are all fresh-water, principally white-fish, pickerel and pike.
prior	I'd witnessed his reaction the prior night.
prismoid	If R and S are the ends of a prismoid, A and B their areas, h the perpendicular distance between them, and C the area of a section by a plane parallel to R and S and midway between them, the volume of the prismoid is *h(A+4C+B).
prismoidal	This is known as the prismoidal formula.
prismatic	The crystals of prismatic habit represented in figs.
prissy	He had this funny, prissy way of talking, old fashioned-like... using big words when he didn't have to, always trying to impress.
priory	He practically made me call my brother and now I'm going up to Weston Priory in Vermont and spend the week with him.
printable	Puzzles are fun, educational, entertaining and are also printable.
pristine	The biohazard elimination field was marked by pristine white fencing.
printing	If the aim was the dissemination of ideas, the printing press could have accomplished that much better than warfare.
privateer	It was captured and plundered in 1 595 by the English privateer James Lancaster.
privateering	When the War of 1812 opened there were fully 600 seamen in the city, practically all of whom were engaged in privateering or in the regular naval service of the United States.
privacy	I need some privacy here.
privation	His last days were spent in a cave in the parish of Sorn, near his birthplace, and there he died in 1686, worn out by hardship and privation.
privative	Plato proceeds to explain by his principle of difference both privative and negative predicates, and also the possibility of false predication.
private	I'm trying to have a private conversation here.
privatization	The privatization policies had merely accentuated the power of the market principle over the principle of redistribution.
privilege	It did not turn his mill, and it was no privilege to him to behold it.
privately	They could discuss it privately when they got home.
prize	I've not taken a prize in weeks.
privity	There is no privity of contract between an underlessee and the superior landlord, but the latter can enforce against the former restrictive covenants of which he had notice; it is the duty of the underlessee to inform himself as to the covenants of the original lease, and, if he enters and takes possession, he will be considered to have had full notice of, and will be bound by, these covenants.
privet	The insects feed upon ash, lilac, privet and jasmine leaves.
proactive	When you take a proactive attitude and steps to put a business continuity plan in place, you are demonstrating to your customers, employees and shareholders that your company will be a stable one, no matter what circumstances lie ahead.
prison	My prison had only a kerosene lamp for light.
prizeman	After attending the Academy at Edinburgh and spending a session at the University, he went up to Cambridge as a member of Peterhouse, and graduated as senior wrangler and first Smith's prizeman in 1852.
prisoner	The prisoner was led away.
privy	The ol' boys at the station are about split down the middle but we're not privy to Byrne's lifestyle and I suppose that's the key.
probability	What reason was there for assuming any probability of an uprising in the city?
probably	She was probably right.
privileged	They were privileged to ask alms throughout Scotland.
probation	Three men, during that period of probation, won a prominent place in their country's history, Generals Agustin Gamarra, Felipe Santiago Salaverry, and Andres Santa Cruz.
probabilistic	In particular he will be looking at some policy implications of moves toward more probabilistic forecasts of climate change.
probationer	An Act of Assembly of 1753 declares pactions simoniacal whereby a minister or probationer before presentation and as a means of obtaining it bargains not to raise a process of augmentation of stipend or demand reparation or enlargement of his manse or glebe after induction.
probabilism	Newman (1801-1890), maintaining the authority of conscience and the probabilism of the understanding, concluded to the necessity of a higher authority in the primitive church.
probe	We are therefore forced to pause awhile, and probe beneath the surface.
probate	It had probate jurisdiction and wills were registered.
problem	The problem wasn't Dulce or his father.
pro	Yes, pro football player Michael Vick raised dogs for dogfighting.
probationary	Everyone who wants to become a police officer has to complete a two-year probationary period working on the beat as a patrol constable.
probity	In that position he won repute for his organizing capacity, great power of work and unswerving probity - the last of which qualities was none too common in the French armies at that time.
probing	His face was sober, the blue eyes probing her mind again.
problematic	Going back and forth between these strategies is problematic, to say the least.
probable	This phylogeny, the author thinks, is the most probable of all.
problematical	It ran counter to the ideas suggested in 1527 on the captivity of Clement VII., that England and France should set up independent patriarchates; and its success depended upon the problematical destruction of Charles V.'s power in Italy.
proboscidian	It is worthy of notice that in those Nemertines which make a very free use of their proboscis, and in which it is seen to be continually protruded and retracted, the walls of the proboscidian sheath are enormously muscular.
procedural	This is particularly true for procedural tips.
procedure	The civil procedure was kept secret.
proceed	You may now proceed through the checkout.
proboscidea	In these species the actinula is parasitic upon another medusa; for instance, Cunoctantha octonaria upon Turritopsis, C. proboscidea upon Liriope or Geryonia.
proceeding	That proceeding, in February 1806, constitutes the basis of the Continental System.
proboscis	A proboscis absent, but jaws usually present.
process	My God, I can't even process that!
procession	The procession was very imposing.
processor	She made sure her computer was solely a word processor with no on line capabilities so no one could ever hack into it.
processional	For once the Honda Cadet final was fairly processional with Sean Babington leading from lights to flag with Nick Evans in his wheel tracks.
proclaim	Proclaim the pure and perfect life.
proclamation	On the 31st of October President Lincoln issued a proclamation declaring Nevada a state.
proclivity	I prefer to work with people that have a proclivity to be efficient and reliable.
proconsul	He was subsequently appointed proconsul of Asia or Syria, but nothing further is known of his life.
procrastination	This helps to reduce wasted time and eliminate procrastination.
procrastinating	I've been procrastinating way too much lately.
proconsulship	In 143 he was consul for two months, but declined the proconsulship of Asia on the ground of ill-health.
procrastinate	If I didn't procrastinate so much, I could get more done.
processing	Today they had conversed via a word processing program.
procreate	They will not accept her marrying someone who cannot procreate.
procrastinator	Last minute cruises are a procrastinator's dream.
proconsular	But he showed the magnanimity of his nature by at once admitting Verus as his partner, giving him the tribunician and proconsular powers, and the titles Caesar and Augustus.
procreation	Harrison in Classical Review (June 1894), Athena Ergane is the goddess of the fruits of the field and the procreation of children.
procryptic	The success of procryptic coloration depends, however, very largely upon stillness, and the instinct to keep stationary without moving a limb is a marked characteristic of all spiders unless engaged in hunting or fleeing from imminent danger.
proceeds	In America, the proceeds went to The Red Cross.
procrustes	Thus, while on the one hand the various cycles traced and retraced by all nations are similar and y et independent, on the other hand, being actually derived from Roman history, they become converted in the Scienza nuova into a bed of Procrustes, to which the history of all nations has to be fitted by force.
proctor	After 1872, in addition to its regular organs, it issued Hungarian translations of several popular scientific English works, as, for instance, Darwin's Origin of Species; Huxley's Lessons in Physiology; Lubbock's Prehistoric Times; Proctor's Other Worlds than Ours; Tyndall's Heat as a Mode of Motion, &c. Versions were also made of Cotta's Geologie der Gegenwart and Helmholtz's Populcire Vorlesungen.
proceedings	The proceedings were characterized by excessive merriment and licentiousness.
procurable	The former faience had its origin at the close of the 17th century, the latter at the close of the 18th; but the Izumoyaki now procurable is a modern production.
procurement	The fourth, who was the musician Marbeck, was pardoned by Gardiner's procurement.
procurator	The new tsar, Alexander III., was an apt pupil of his tutor Pobedonostsev (q.v.), the celebrated procurator of the Holy Synod, for whom the representative system was a modern lie, and his reign covered a period of frank reaction, during which there was not only no question of affected even the stolid and apparently immovable masses of the peasantry.
prod	Perhaps we should prod him to tell us.
prodigal	They live frugally, and are only prodigal in powder and human life.
procure	Is there anything I can procure for you?
prodigy	She was the one who told me that he was a child prodigy.
prodigality	In consequence of this prodigality, he was always poor.
produce	We already produce more than enough food to feed the planet.
prodigious	He took the prodigious leap.
producer	Of the less important minerals, Canada is the world's chief producer of asbestos and corundum.
prodigiously	Arachnids are prodigiously numerous.
prodrome	For the best results, drug treatment should begin during the prodrome stage before blisters are visible.
production	Look at the way he made a production out of opening up the box.
prodromal	Before the disease becomes full-blown, schizophrenics may go through a period called the prodromal stage, lasting about a year, when they experience behavioral changes that precede and are less dramatic than those of the acute stage.
productiveness	The Theiss, once better supplied with fish than any other river in Europe, has for many years fallen off in its productiveness.
productively	The promotional materials for Photoshop CS3 promise that users will be able to Work more productively, edit with unrivaled power, and composite with breakthrough tools.
proem	In the Proem the poet describes his journey from darkness to light.
proembryo	This peculiar product of germination, which intervenes between the oospore and the adult form, is the proembryo.
profanation	Often there is a reredos behind it; it is also fenced in by rails to preserve it from profanation of various kinds.
prof	The Prussian diet of 1862 was no whit more tractable than its predecessor, but fell to attacking the prof essional army and advocating the extension of the militia (Landwchr) system; on the 11th of March the king dissolved it in disgust, whereupon the Liberal ministry resigned, and was succeeded by the Conservative cabinet of Prince Hohenlohe.
product	Either way, the words were the product of a kind heart.
productive	Sunday was more productive than Saturday.
profess	I don't profess to be a believer, but I'd like to think I have an open mind.
professed	Eckhart appears, however, to have made a conditional recantation - that is, he professed to disavow whatever in his writings could be shown to be erroneous.
profaneness	In 1698 Collier produced his famous Short View of the Immorality and Profaneness of the English Stage...
productivity	Measures are being taken by the zemstvos to increase the very low productivity of the forests.
profession	He was educated for the profession of law and practised as avocat.
professional	He slipped into that professional persona.
profanity	A free chat room usually has a set list of rules, such as no profanity or crude nicknames.
profane	You will not so profane the Lord's name.
professionalism	Look closely at the format and content of any prewritten letters that you share with your references so you can be certain that they reflect the level of professionalism necessary to help you secure employment.
professedly	Descartes professedly assumed a simplicity in the phenomena which they did not present.
proffer	It is the ultimate manifestation of the marketplace of ideas; the more people who proffer their ideas to the world, the better the outcome will be for us all.
professoriate	The magisterial views seem to have prevailed in the professoriate, which formally in March 1642 expressed its disapprobation of the new philosophy as well as of its expositors.
professorship	His eldest son, Eilhard Ernst Gustav, born at Berlin on the 1st of August 1852, became professor of physics at Erlangen in 1886, and his younger son, Alfred, born at Berlin on the 18th of July 1856, was appointed to the extraordinary professorship of Egyptology at Bonn in 1892.
professionally	I should be able to react professionally to something like that.
produced	Even visiting the banks in person produced no success.
professorial	In 1827 he resigned some of his professorial work, but continued in active duty until in the autumn of 1845 he was seized with a painful illness, which proved fatal on the 11th of March 1846.
proficiency	Apart from decided signs of proficiency in mathematics, he showed no special ability.
profiler	The profiler carriage contains motors for both the horizontal and vertical drives, together with all the associated electronic circuitry.
profit	I turned a good profit on that piece of real estate.
profiling	Adding symbols for profiling and debugging Profiling is a method of identifying sections of code that consume large portions of execution time.
proficient	The singer was also proficient in music keyboard skills.
profitability	It was a ragged path to profitability, but it was one that a lot of bootstrappers travel.
profitably	Cotton was formerly cultivated profitably in Palestine.
profligate	You have profited by their toil to lead a profligate life.
profoundly	His position as a younger son profoundly influenced his future career.
profitless	A list of its birds, with some notes, bibliographical and biological, has been given as an Appendix to Baring-Gould's Iceland, its Scenes and Sagas (8vo, 1862); and Shepherd's North-west Peninsula of Iceland (8vo, 1867) recounts a somewhat profitless expedition made thither expressly for ornithological objects.
profligacy	In Constantinople itself sedition and profligacy were rampant, the emperors were the tools of faction and cared but little for the interests of their subjects, whose lot was one of hopeless misery and depravity.
profundity	Even the disciples of Jesus could not grasp the simplicity and profundity of his message; still less could his opponents.
profuse	He breaks out into profuse sweats and may vomit.
profusion	The hills were a profusion of snowy dogwood and pink plumb and cherry blossoms.
profile	She leaned back against his arm, watching his profile as he looked out the window.
profitable	I'm trying to make this a profitable business.
profusely	I thanked him profusely on the way to his car.
professor	Fred took on the air of a learned professor as he explained.
prog	The band were never really commercially successful even back in prog's seventies heyday.
profound	He was profound in a way that surprises me.
progenitor	Medus was regarded as the eponymous hero and progenitor of the Medes.
prognosticate	We find moreover as emi-scientific conception of the basis of divination; the whole of nature is linked together; just as the variations in the height of a column of mercury serve to foretell the weather, so the flight of birds or behaviour of cattle may help to prognosticate its changes; for the uncultured it is merely a step to the assumption that animals know things which are hidden from man.
prognostication	Mick asked about the weather forecast and Fred responded that in Ouray, any prognostication was speculative and definitely regionalâ€”for real accuracy, one looked out the window or guessed.
progeny	Having crossed yellow and green seeded peas both ways, he found that the progeny resulted in all yellow coloured seeds.
proglottis	In special cases, however, a proglottis may be detached before attaining full growth, and with its generative organs in an imperfectly developed condition.
prognostic	The aim of this study was to evaluate the prognostic value of a technique for peritoneal lavage used in Birmingham.
program	Jessi watched her program a new contact into it.
prognoses	The prognoses for the childhood vasculitides vary widely depending on the disease and the extent of organ involvement.
programme	This programme he fulfilled.
programmed	The correct channel has been programmed into it.
programming	You want the web server to support four of the most popular programming paradigms.
progress	Just about time I think the two of you are making progress, something like this comes up.
progesterone	Fenugreek contains diosgenin which is known to help with progesterone balancing.
prognosis	Meanwhile Donnie and Martha, with Cynthia's help, tried to revive the mortally wounded creature but the prognosis was not good.
programmable	It has a programmable thermostat and two heat settings.
programmer	However, a programmer is not necessarily a good game designer, and there are many dating sims that seem to be little more than a series of choose your own adventure stories.
progressist	He entered the Cortes in 1854 as a Progressist deputy for Zamora.
prohibit	Indeed, the trouble and expense of these moulds sometimes prohibit its use.
prohibition	He re-enacted the prohibition of appeal.
progression	These numbers constitute an arithmetical progression of the rth order.
prohibitively	Ferrying labor into space is technologically feasible, of course, but prohibitively expensive.
prohibitive	In 1822 the prohibitive point was lowered to 70s.
progressively	Things were getting progressively worse.
prohibitory	From 1855 to 1903 the liquor law was essentially prohibitory, but in the latter year an act licensing the traffic was passed.
projectile	Jacobs Cavern was peculiarly rich in flint knives and projectile points.
projector	The east side was platted in the summer of 1835, and very soon afterward the plat of a settlement on the west side was also recorded, Byron Kilbourn being the chief projector and proprietor of the latter.
projective	Analytic This is the analytical expression of the projective Geometry.
projectionist	Harry had a passion for black and white movies and he followed this up by becoming a film projectionist at a Portsmouth cinema.
projection	Nicolaus Germanus (1466), naturally led to what is generally known as Flamsteed's projection.
project	Quinn's sabbatical project lost its funding.
prolapse	Initial findings from the study show that physiotherapy may offer promise in treating mild to moderate pelvic prolapse.
prolate	The cases of greatest practical importance are those of a sphere (which is an ellipsoid with three equal axes) and an ovoid or prolate ellipsoid of revolution.
prolegomena	The first contains prolegomena on the life and writings of Boetius, on his religion and philosophy, and on the manuscripts and editions, a critical apparatus, and notes.
projecting	The upper teeth projecting beyond the under.
proletariat	The Communists aimed at a dictatorship of the proletariat, the creation of workmen's and military councils and a close handin-hand cooperation with Soviet Russia.
proletariate	A special feature of his rule was the sending out of numerous cleruchies (q.v.), which served the double purpose of securing strategic points to Athens and converting the needy proletariate of the capital into owners of real property.
proliferate	The epithelial cells are then able to pass from their normal position, in consequence of which they proliferate and at the same time revert to a more primitive type of cell.
proletarian	Despite its earlier successes, proletarian Bonapartism did not solve the problems of society.
prolific	Linguet was a prolific writer in many fields.
proliferation	It may also take place where rapid proliferation of the cell is going on, as in the budding of the Yeast plant.
progressive	He will accept it as a stage, of no small importance, in progressive definition; but he will seek to go further.
proliferative	Hansemann's anaplasia hypothesis seeks to find an explanation of the formation of new growths in the absence of the histological differentiation of the cell associated with a corresponding increase in its proliferative power and a suspension, or loss, of its functional activity.
prolifically	After you water your Chia Pet for a few days, the chia seeds begin growing prolifically.
prolong	He quickened his pace, having little reason to prolong the trip.
prolocutor	He was twice prolocutor of the lower house of convocation for the province of Canterbury.
prolix	To those who have no patience with the minutiae of legislation, the prolix discussions are as irksome as the arguments appear arbitrary.
prolonged	After a prolonged silence, she hugged him again.
prologue	The Rule consists of a prologue and 73 chapters.
prolixity	To avoid dryness and prolixity he condensed quotations, and occasionally employed the Thucydidean method of abridgment or representation in place of fact catalogues.
promenade	Its beautiful stretch of sands is flanked by a promenade extending all the way to Joppa.
prolog	Of the lives of saints, the Prolog, translated from the Slavonic at the beginning of the 17th century (MS.), and the Vietile Sfintilor, by Dositheiu (2 vols., Jassy, 1682), are the most important.
promethean	Visitors to the MirandaNet website will be able to follow the progress of this ACTIVboard project by following the link to Promethean ambassadors.
promerops	Between 1803 and 1806 Le Vaillant also published in just the same style two volumes with the title of Histoire naturelle des oiseaux de Paradis et des rolliers, suivie de celle des toucans et des barbus, an assemblage of forms, which, miscellaneous as it is,.was surpassed in incongruity by a fourth work on the same scale, the Histoire naturelle des promerops et des guepiers, des couroucous et des touracos, for herein are found jays, waxwings, the cock-of-the-rock (Rupicola), and what not besides.
prometheus	After Prometheus had stolen fire from heaven and bestowed it upon mortals Zeus determined to counteract this blessing.
promiscuous	It was general knowledge that Lori had been promiscuous in her youth.
promiscuously	Neither were the unfenced and unappropriated common lands - waste, bog, forest and mountain - which all clansmen were free to use promiscuously at will.
promise	When I make a promise, I keep it.
prolongation	Paphlagonia is an ancient district of Asia Minor, situated on the Euxine Sea between Bithynia and Pontus, separated from Galatia by a prolongation to the east of the Bithynian Olympus.
promiscuity	Much on the media is promoting promiscuity, maligning marriage, and encouraging illegitimacy.
promising	I sure hope you're going to deliver what you've been promising all evening.
prominence	Judas and his zealots were thus able to maintain their prominence and gradually to increase their power.
promissory	The Promissory Oaths Act 1868 rendered this unnecessary.
prominently	During the siege of Copenhagen by the Swedes in 1658 he came prominently forward.
promoter	His brother, Michel Augustin Thouret (1748-1810), a physician, was a keen opponent of the ideas of Mesmer and a promoter of vaccination in France.
promo	Students can also save on airfares by keeping a close eye out for promo codes listed on various travel websites throughout the year.
promontory	The town is situated on a rocky promontory, crowned by a Byzantine fortress, and has a growing trade.
prompt	Alice Burton tearfully thanked the authorities for their prompt action.
prompting	He didn't seem to be prompting her.
promptly	She answered promptly, I will pay ten cents.
promptness	Fuad was renowned for his boldness and promptness of decision, as well as for his ready wit and his many bons mots.
promulgate	Henceforth its sole effective function was to endorse and promulgate the decrees of the government of Vienna.
prompter	You see, they always had a prompter then to control the sets.
prominent	He named two or three prominent lawyers Dean knew.
promptitude	The military authorities acted with promptitude, the rebels being pursued, dispersed and arrested.
pronaos	Among other Greek remains in the island may be mentioned, besides the great inscription, the archaic temple of the Pythian Apollo at Gortyna, a plain square building with a pronaos added in later times, excavated by Halbherr G 3' ?
promycelium	Life-history in some cases very complex and with well-marked sexual process and alternation of generations, in others much reduced; basidium (promycelium) derived usually from a thick-walled spore (teleutospore).
prone	Is it actually that blue-eyed redheads have the same number of accidents as non-redheads, but brown-eyed redheads are even more clumsy, accident prone, and traffic hazards?
prom	You came out smelling like a prom queen on her first date.
promotional	Will you be doing graphics and promotional materials design in-house or outsourced?
promote	His conduct of affairs was by earnest efforts to promote education and to develop the resources of the country.
promulgation	Their promulgation aroused a storm among the conquerors.
promotion	He replaced me in Scranton when I got this promotion here to the head office.
pronator	Golfers Elbow Golfers Elbow is pain in the region where the forearm flexor and pronator muscles fasten to the medial epicondyle of the humerus.
pronation	The first provides stiff anti pronation, anti supination and anti torsion (which basically means your foot is kept steady and cradled within the shoe).
pronominal	In English th represents both the unvoiced sound J as in thin, &c., and the voiced sound 5, which is found initially only in pronominal words like this, that, there, then, those, is commonest medially as in father, bother, smother, either, and is found also finally in words like with (the preposition), both.
prong	In the Reading Prong most of the hills rise 900-1000 ft.
pronged	So, in a way, the current e-democracy movement is double pronged.
proneness	The absence of iron and the abundance of bronze in the relics of a prehistoric people is a piece of evidence to be accepted with caution, because the great defect of iron, its proneness to rust, would often lead to its complete disappearance, or conversion into an unrecognizable mass, even though tools of bronze originally laid down beside it might remain but little corroded.
pronounced	The doctors pronounced recovery impossible.
prongbuck	The group at the present day is divided into Girafjidae (giraffe and okapi), Cervidae (deer), Antilocapridae (prongbuck), and Bovidae (oxen, sheep, goats, antelopes, &c.).
pronoun	The possessive pronoun follows the object.
pronouncedly	In November 1895 he himself formed a cabinet of a pronouncedly radical type, the main interest of which was attached to its fall, as the result of a constitutional crisis arising from the persistent refusal of the senate to vote supply.
pronghorn	You know, like buffalo, pronghorn, and Doll sheep - wildlife native to the United States.
pronouncement	My wife's pronouncement wasn't unexpected.
pronunciation	Her pronunciation of his name was pleasantly accented.
pronouncing	I lost yesterday like a damned fool! cried Denisov, not pronouncing his r's.
pronunciamento	Miguel, and Herculano, becoming involved in the unsuccessful military pronunciamento of August 1831, had to leave Portugal clandestinely and take refuge in England and France.
pronto	Pronto Uomo White Stripe Fitted Dress Shirt is a twist to the classic white shirt found in almost every closet.
pronounce	The authority of the church or minister to pronounce absolution is based on John xx.
propaedeutic	Laurie's metaphysics is an attempt to supply a psychological propaedeutic to Hegelian metaphysics.
prop	How many prop skeletons could there be in the small town of Ouray?
propagandist	From boyhood he had believed in a protective tariff, and throughout his active life he was its most trenchant advocate and propagandist.
propaganda	Communist propaganda told people that everything in the West was bad.
propagandism	Propagandism is carried on by lectures, literature, cookery demonstrations and restaurants.
propel	The water supports the bird, and the feet simply propel.
propagator	Even in the 4th century its Hellenization was still far from complete; but Christianity had assimilated so much of the older Hellenic culture that the Church was now a main propagator of Hellenism in the backward regions.
propagate	Gather and dry herbs; also propagate these by slips and cuttings.
propeller	The motive power was india-rubber in the condition of torsion; the propeller, a screw.
propagation	Propagation facilities are being greatly improved, and there are stringent laws for the protection of immature fish.
proof	What she saw today was proof that she needed it close by.
properly	The valley, properly speaking, is about 31 m.
property	Martha inherited the property from her grandfather.
propelling	He turned, and was off up the stairs, propelling his bewildered wife before him.
propellant	The satellites have sufficient on-board propellant to maintain their orbit stations for at least 5 years.
propensity	During hot days he had a propensity for walking around in just his boxers.
propane	A propane tank perched on concrete blocks looked out of place in the antiquated setting.
propertied	It was a simple matter to manipulate these so as to throw the effective power into the hands of the propertied classes without ostensibly The depriving any one of the vote.'
prophetess	And three are called prophetess because on one occasion they spoke a word on behalf of God.
prophetically	His numerical table, therefore, differs from all others made before or since, prophetically assigning the place of honour to the one ancient scale now recognized as the foundation of the modern tonal system.
prophetical	Greater weight must be laid upon the independent evidence of the prophetical writings, and the objection that Palestine could not have produced the religious fervency of Haggai or Zechariah without an initial impulse from Babylonia begs the question.
prophesy	I am not unskilled in prophesy, but have true knowledge.
prophetic	But once admit (as it is only reasonable to do) the extension of Jewish editorial activity to the prophetic books and all becomes clear.
prophylaxis	The prophylaxis is important in order to limit the spread of the parasites.
proper	Proper detective work calls for an orderly investigation.
prophecy	But this kind prophecy has never been fulfilled.
propitiate	The army of Pflug hastily dispersed, and the estates still assembled at Prague endeavoured to propitiate Ferdinand.
propitious	The moment was propitious, and his efforts met with success.
propitiation	The offering of Christ once made is that perfect redemption, propitiation, and satisfaction, for all the sins of the whole world.
prophylactic	There is some evidence that arsenic has a prophylactic effect.
prophet	In England, empiricist thought found a prophet in Bacon.
propolis	Products carrying the symbol (operational from January) will be guaranteed to contain propolis of approved quality.
proportion	After that, it diminishes roughly in proportion to the delay.
proponent	He is a big proponent of developing time management skills, and he partners with the company Franklin Covey to provide time management products, like day planners and organizing products.
propitiatory	Bishop Lyttelton in Lux Mundi 8 stated that the death of Christ is propitiatory 1 Stevens, Christian Doctrine of Salvation, p. 138.
proportionality	The factor of proportionality will be I-41r, so that ' The principal theoretical investigations are summarized in Mascart and Joubert's Electricity and Magnetism, i.
prophets	He does not discuss the possibility of successful resistance to the Chaldeans; he simply assumes that the attempt is foolish and wicked, and, like other prophets, he identifies his political programme with the will of God.
proposal	As she watched the sink fill, she considered his proposal - and that other thing.
proportionate	The land-tax is proportionate, i.e.
proportionately	In all cases the strength increases proportionately with the density of the wood.
proportioned	She had long blonde hair like spun silk, a perfectly proportioned figure and blue-green eyes that made you feel you were looking into the sea.
proportionally	Q is supplied by a spring, the extensions of which are recorded on a drum driven proportionally to the angular displacement of the driving pulley; thus a work diagram is obtained.
proposer	He increased the number of senators to goo and introduced provincials into that body; but instead of making it into a grand council of the empire, representative of its various races and nationalities, he treated it with studied contempt, and Cicero writes that his own name had been set down as the proposer of decrees of which he knew nothing, conferring the title of king on potentates of whom he had never heard.
propose	How do you propose to stop her?
propound	He was one of the first, if not quite the first, to propound the conception of periodicity among the chemical elements.
proprietary	The king's power over the temple was not proprietary but administrative.
proprietor	The proprietor having become a Protestant, the proprietary government was restored in 1715.
propositional	Now consider a propositional function Fx in which the variable argument x is itself a propositional function.
proportional	This loss is proportional to the length of the wire.
propriety	The propriety of this extended use is open to question and is denied by some logicians.
proprietorship	But the growing power of the Scotch-Irish, the resentment of the Quakers against the proprietors for having gone back to the Church of England and many other circumstances strengthened the anti-proprietary power, and the assembly strove to abolish the proprietorship and establish a royal province; John Dickinson was the able leader of the party which defended the proprietors; and Joseph Galloway and Benjamin Franklin were the leaders of the anti-proprietary party, which was greatly weakened at home by the absence after December 1764 of Franklin in England as its agent.
propraetor	The native tribes opposed the Romans, but were conquered after several campaigns; 8 the island became a province under the government of a praetor or propraetor, to whose jurisdiction Corsica was added soon afterwards.
proprioception	In addition to sight, the most important source of information comes from the position sense provided by the many sensory neurons located within the limbs (proprioception).
proposition	I have entered into a significant proposition bet with a friend.
propulsive	Each motor drives a protruding helical filament, and the rotating filaments provide the propulsive force for cells to swim.
propulsion	Human feet provide poor propulsion, so fins help move the body through the water; this is a big help when a diver is carrying equipment that creates drag.
propylene	Two propylene glycols, C3H302, are known, viz.
prorogue	It was declared to be unlawful for the regent to make war or peace, or ratify any treaty with any foreign power, or prorogue, adjourn or dissolve any parliament without the consent of the majority of the council of regency, or give her assent to any bill for repealing or varying the Act of Settlement, the Act of Uniformity, or the Act of the Scottish parliament for securing the Protestant religion and Presbyterian church government in Scotland (1707, c. 6).
prosaic	There is some poetry in this composition, but it alternates with very prosaic details.
props	They looked too clean to be real, like props bought from a Halloween store.
prorogation	Being brought before the bar of the House of Lords he made submission as to his conduct in declaring parliament dissolved by the prorogation, and in violating the Lords' privileges by bringing a habeas corpus in the King's Bench.
propylaeum	Other noteworthy buildings are the Federal building (containing post-office, custom-house and Federal court-rooms; erected at a cost of $3,000,000); Tomlinson Hall, capable of seating 3000 persons, given to the city by Daniel Tomlinson; the Propylaeum, a club-house for women; the Commercial club; Das Deutsche Haus, belonging to a German social club; the Maennerchor club-house; the Union railway station; the traction terminal building; the city hall, and the public library.
proscribe	You ca n't proscribe any expression of love for the team.
propylaea	The excavations have laid bare several other buildings, including an altar, early propylaea, houses for the priests and remains of an earlier temple.
proscription	The proscription of the Jewish religion was withdrawn and the Temple restored to them.
proscenium	For these were substituted later a set of stone columns resembling those in the proscenium of a theatre.
proselyte	Thus the proselyte is said in the Talmud to resemble a child and must bathe in the name of God.
prosector	On his return he set up in medical practice at Augsburg, whither his father had been transferred; but in a few months he found an opening for an academical career, on being appointed prosector at Erlangen.
prosecute	No doubt the two had cut a deal so she wouldn't prosecute him.
prosecutor	The director of the jury or public prosecutor was Fouquier Tinville.
proselytize	The preacher sent out his congregation toproselytize to the community.
prosecution	This prosecution finally discredited the new society.
proselytism	Asoka recognized proselytism by peaceful means as a state duty.
prospect	There was a prospect of conviction.
prosodic	Acquisition of prosodic phonology I am interested in how prosodic phonology develops in the speech of young children.
prosody	The prosody was significant and owed much to Scottish philosophical discourse.
prosper	Apples prosper best in the north-west.
prosperity	Prosperity can happen anywhere.
prosperous	The state has good railway communications and a prosperous trade.
prospectively	In group 2, prospectively analyzed, were 14 patients treated with fractionated stereotactic radiotherapy and concurrent taxol.
prospector	An old prospector told me about a woman he met in Ashley.
prospectus	The prospectus of the Dictionary he addressed to the earl of Chesterfield.
prostatectomy	Likewise the median age for men undergoing radical prostatectomy over the last 20 years has dropped.
prosperously	Secondly, he knew that the greater the proportion of the Athenians who were prosperously at work in the country and therefore did not trouble to interfere in the work of government the less would be the danger of sedition, whose seeds are in a crowded city.
prostatitis	Beside being an energizer and tonic, Jatoba has also given very good results in cases of acute and chronic cystitis and prostatitis.
prostatic	When it is slit open from in front a longitudinal ridge is seen in its posterior wall, which is called the verumontanum or crista urethra, and on each side of this is a longitudinal depression, the prostatic sinus, into which numerous ducts of the prostate open, though some of them open on to the antero-lateral surface.
prostate	The male urethra begins at the bladder and runs through the prostate and perineum to the penis, which it traverses as far as the tip. It is divided into a prostatic, membranous and spongy part, and is altogether about 8 inches in length.
prose	Her prose was quite lyrical, almost poetic in a way.
prosternum	Prosternum underlying the proboscis.
prostheses	Neural prostheses are used to compensate for lost function resulting from SCI.
prosthetic	She couldn't see any signs that the fangs were a prosthetic.
prosthodontics	A second restorative consultant, with specific expertise in fixed prosthodontics, was subsequently added to the team.
prospective	Three prospective buyers had looked at the house and at least one seemed interested.
prostitute	How could the Reverend Martin marry a prostitute without creating a world-class scandal?
prosthesis	Similarly, patients happily walking around on artificial hips had no clear image of the prosthesis inside them.
prostitution	She didn't want to imagine a ten year old living in the slums, knowing his mother was reduced to prostitution to keep them alive.
prostration	First faintness and irresistible desire to sleep. Then alarming prostration and vomiting.
prostrate	I am stripped of all my honours; I am torn up by the roots and lie prostrate on the earth..
prosy	The voice has become still more husky, the feeling more misty, the thoughts more prosy.
protagonist	For the next nine years he was the protagonist of Reform.
protamine	Human Mixtard 30 Pen also contains glycerol, sodium phosphate, protamine sulfate as retarding agent and m-cresol and phenol as added preservative.
protandrous	While some of the species are bisexual, others are protandrous, self-fertilizing hermaphrodites.
prostomium	The setae are implanted metamerically in accordance with the metamerism of the body, which consists of a prostomium followed by a number of segments.
protective	He's really protective of the people he cares about.
protectant	Some accessory items to consider are care kits, protectant sprays, or cleaners.
protectionism	An aggressive accent by US protectionism on pushing US trading interests overseas would be severely detrimental to the economies of the south.
protectiveness	Hindsightâ€”and Xander's revelationâ€”made her look at his persistent presence and brotherly protectiveness in a new way.
protectively	Alex climbed into the car beside Carmen and placed his arm protectively on the back of the seat behind her neck.
protectionist	In 1891 the tariff was made more protectionist.
protectorship	York after a struggle secured the protectorship, and for the next year ruled England.
protectress	She became the great protectress of the Jansenists; it was in her house that Arnauld, Nicole and De Lane were protected; and to her influence must be in great part attributed the release of Lemaistre De Sacy from the Bastille, the introduction of Pomponne into the ministry and of Arnauld to the king.
protectorate	During Somerset's protectorate he entered public life and was made a secretary of state, being sent on an important diplomatic mission to Brussels.
proteinuria	Thirty percent of AIDS patients develop significant proteinuria, 50% have pyuria, 18% have haematuria and 50% are hypogonadal.
proteid	It has been proved that the secretion contains a digestive ferment capable of rendering proteid matter soluble.
protect	They are elected or appointed to protect the rights of the citizens, yet they become the agents of their death.
protector	Without your protector, you'll never be welcomed at the Council.
protein	She always starts out her day with a protein shake because it will satisfy her hunger until lunch.
proterandrous	The flower is termed proterandrous or proterogynous according as anthers or stigmas mature first.
proterogynous	The flower is termed proterandrous or proterogynous according as anthers or stigmas mature first.
protection	She was under the protection of the Others.
protestation	This will probably get you an embarrassed grin and a protestation.
proterozoic	On the whole, the Proterozoic rocks are predominantly sedimentary and subordinately igneous.
proteus	It is a very Proteus.
protestantism	To Protestantism, faith is personal trust.
protest	She began to protest but he stopped her.
protista	Like so many coloured Protista, they frequently possess a pigmented eye-spot in which may be sunk a spheroidal refractive body ( lens ).
protestant	Cloyne was the seat of a Protestant diocese until 1835, when it was united to that of Cork.
prothorax	The mouth, with its jaws, forms a conical outgrowth which projects backwards, so that its apex lies beneath the prothorax.
protocol	Austria and Prussia accepted the protocol, but it was not signed by tho diet.
protocerebrum	But the protocerebrum contains the ganglia of the ocular segment in addition to those of the procephalic lobes.
protocorm	When new individuals of species which possess a protocorm arise vegetatively from the leaves or roots of young plants, the protocorm appears in the young sporophyte.
proton	The nucleus of a hydrogen atom is a proton.
protonotary	In the same year he was raised to the office of chancellor of Scotland, and was appointed protonotary apostolic and legate a latere by the pope.
prototype	It is the prototype of all lighthouses in the world.
protoplast	This is a primal necessity of the protoplast,and every cell gives evidence of its need by adopting one of the various ways in which such need is supplied.
protostele	This type of stern is therefore often spoken of as protoslelic. In the Ferns there is clear evidence that the amphiphloic haplostele or protostele succeeded the simple (ectophloic) protostele in evolution, and that this in its turn gave rise to the solenostele, which was again succeeded by the dictyostele.
prototypical	Prototypical examples would include Doom, Quake, and Rainbow Six.
protoplasmic	The cell is essentially an individualized mass of protoplasm containing a differentiated protoplasmic body, called a nucleus.
protoplasm	Embedded in the protoplasm are a number of starch grains.
protozoa	Thus, to begin with, the animal pedigree is divided into two very distinct grades, the Protozoa and the Metazoa.
protract	One of them forbade a citizen to protract his life beyond sixty years.
protozoal	From the histological examination of tumour cells there is no evidence to show that they resemble the protozoal unicellular organisms in occasionally passing through a sexual process of reproduction, i.e.
protozoan	Particular interests include waterborne bacteria, viruses and protozoan parasites.
protractor	If you have difficulty with this step, you can use a protractor to lightly mark three 60-degree sections.
protrude	A dark bubble (the amniotic sack) will begin to protrude from the vulva.
protrusion	When the edges of the mantle ventral to the inhalant orifice are united, an anterior aperture is left for the protrusion of the foot, and thus there are three pallial apertures altogether, and species in this condition are called Tripora.
proud	She was proud of him.
proudly	Together, they tiptoed across the hardwood floor and stood proudly looking down Zach.
protracted	In the Senate there was a protracted struggle.
prove	I'm not asking you to prove anything.
prov	The expression wisdom, as it is employed in the locus classicus, Prov.
protuberance	The skull oval from ear to ear, showing plenty of brain room, and with a well-defined occipital protuberance.
provender	Neither food nor provender is supplied.
protruding	Its covers were loose, the pages within protruding at odd angles.
provable	Rational ` ideals ' are in general not provable.
proverb	The proverb states that we should Treat the Earth well.
provencal	The Angevin king was thereupon set free, leaving three of his sons and sixty Provencal nobles as hostages, promising to pay 30,000 marks and to return a prisoner if the conditions were not fulfilled within three years.
provenance	The exact provenance of these cylinders is not known, but there is every reason to believe that they were found in Cyprus.
prover	Their theorem prover is written in the functional programming language lisp which is also the language in which theorems are represented.
provably	The archeology simply shows that in some obvious ways the bible is provably false.
provide	Fred's lady friends will provide all the support I need.
provided	The drive home provided opportunity to think.
proverbially	He did not like to depend on statesmen's promises, which are proverbially uncertain of fulfilment; he as little liked to retrench; and he was wearied of parliament, where he had never given any but silent votes.
proverbial	I think we're grasping at the proverbial straw to consider him.
provident	Campania holds the first place in the south, most of the savings of that region being deposited in the provident institutions of Naples.
province	I belong to the province of Smolensk.
providentially	Taking up the idea of a divine education of the human race, which Lessing and Herder had made so familiar to the modern mind, and firmly believing that to each of the leading nations of antiquity a special task had been providentially assigned, Ewald felt no difficulty about Israel's place in universal history, or about the problem which that race had been called upon to solve.
providential	The supernatural element that is prominent in the Old Testament is God's providential guidance and guardianship of His people, and His teaching and training of them by His prophets.
provincialism	Politics, cleared of the cross-issues of provincialism and Maori warfare, took the usual shape of a struggle between wealth and radicalism.
providence	Let us not seek to penetrate what mysteries they contain; for how can we, miserable sinners that we are, know the terrible and holy secrets of Providence while we remain in this flesh which forms an impenetrable veil between us and the Eternal?
proven	Nishani had proven she could bring the planet back to life.
provisionally	His date may be provisionally fixed at 2700 B.C.
provisional	A provisional convention was granted to a German company by the Porte, and an irade was obtained in 1902.
providing	The Laws of 1882 and 1886 laicized the schools of this class, the former suppressing religious instruction, the latter providing that only laymen should be eligible for masterships.
provincial	Every congregation was visited by ministers appointed by the provincial synod.
proving	How could he betray her trust so utterly - for the sole purpose of proving a point to Claudette?
provider	Alex was a good provider and father.
provision	Notwithstanding the offices he had filled he died poor, and provision had to be made for his daughter out of the funds of the state.
proviso	National control of the railways was secured by a proviso that the directors must be of Italian nationality.
provo	At the western base of the Wasatch are Salt Lake City, Ogden, Provo and other smaller towns, situated where streams issue from the mountains, soon to disappear on the desert plains.
provocatively	Posing provocatively for pictures, signing books, small talk.
provocation	Doubtless there was provocation, for the sultan of Achin had not kept to the understanding.
provocative	It looked cool and casual, but not provocative.
prowess	Many legends are told of his military prowess, for which there is no space in this summary.
provokingly	It is worth noting, however, that Herder in his provokingly tentative way of thinking comes now and again very near ideas made familiar to us by Spencer and Darwin.
provostship	At the Restoration he was favourably received at court, and in 1665 would have received the provostship of Eton, if he would have taken orders; but this he refused to do, on the ground that his writings on religious subjects would have greater weight coming from a layman than a paid minister of the Church.
prowl	I think I'll prowl around town on such a nice night.
proximal	The histological structure oc', oc 2, Distal and proximal median of the Scyphomedusae is in ocelli.
provoke	At home, however, it undoubtedly tended to provoke that very revolution which it was intended to prevent.
prow	The high carved prow and stern give the craft almost a crescent shape.
proximity	His close proximity sent her heart racing.
proximate	After Cimon's death he renounced the war against Persia, and the collapse of 447-445 had the effect of completing his change ' The general impression in Greece was that this decree was the proximate cause of the war.
provost	In 1547 he became provost of Eton and dean of Carlisle.
provoking	Deidre didn't move, afraid of provoking him.
prudential	His own Christian belief, sincere and earnest, was more the outcome of the common sense which, largely through him, moulded the prudential theology of England in the 18th century, than of the nobler elements present in More, Cudworth and other religious thinkers of the preceding age, or afterwards in Law and Berkeley, Coleridge and Schleiermacher.
prude	Were you afraid I was too much of a prude to acknowledge him?
prudently	William had prudently done all that he could to conciliate the Tory majority.
prune	We're drain­ing him drier than a prune.
proxy	The marriage was celebrated by proxy on the 30th of September 1673.
prudence	He was a friend of Pericles and a, man of prudence and moderation.
prudish	As a whole, society is permissively prudish.
prudent	She agreed it had been prudent to warn her.
prurient	However, those with prurient interests and are over the age of 18, may enter and explore.
prunella	The celebrated Gascoigne's powder, which was sold as late as the middle of the 19th century in the form of balls like sal prunella, consisted of equal parts of crabs' eyes, the black tips of crabs' claws, Oriental pearls, Oriental bezoar and white coral, and was administered in jelly made of hart's horn, but was prescribed by physicians chiefly for wealthy people, as it cost about forty shillings per ounce.
pruning	Finish the pruning of fruit trees before the middle of the month.
pry	I don't mean to pry, but you seem on edge.
pruner	The average obtained by Pruner Bey was 84.7, by Virchow 82.5.
psalm	A great darkness shrouded the scene for three hours, and then, in His native Aramaic, Jesus cried in the words of the Psalm, My God, My God, why has Thou forsaken Me?
prying	Prying it loose and getting it to you might be a problem.
pruritus	The preparation may occasionally cause pruritus ani; dividing the dose tends to reduce this complication.
prussic	The free acid, which is obtained by treating the salts with acids, is an oily liquid smelling like prussic acid; it is very explosive, and the vapour is poisonous to about the same degree as that of prussic acid.
psalmist	In any case the titles are manifestly the product of the same uncritical spirit as we have just been speaking of, for not only are many of the titles certainly wrong, but they are wrong in such a way as to prove that they date from an age to which David was merely the abstract psalmist and which had no idea whatever of the historical conditions of his age.
ps	Such a remnant, amongst whom might be members of the priestly and royal families, would gather strength and boldness as the troubles of Babylon See the note on Ps.
psalterium	Of the many prophetic and polemical works that were attributed to Joachim in the 13th and following centuries, only those enumerated in his will can be regarded as absolutely authentic. These are the Concordia novi et veteris Testamenti (first printed at Venice in 1519), the Expositio in Apocalypsin (Venice, 1527), the Psalterium decem chordarum (Venice, 1527), together with some libelli against the Jews or the adversaries of the Christian faith.
psalmody	It consists of reading of Holy Scripture, psalmody, non-liturgical prayer and preaching.
prussian	On the failure of this attempt he left Austria and joined the headquarters of the Prussian army (1813), and became a member of the board of administration for north Germany.
psalter	His Latin, like that of Gallus, is far from classical, but he writes with spirit and throws a good deal of light upon 1 The Psalter is called after Margaret, the first wife of King Louis, who died in 1349, by a mere conjecture.
pseudo	Needs Explanation -- only pseudo user accounts will be routinely created in the database by computing staff.
pseudonymous	All the Jewish apocalypses are pseudonymous, and all the Christian with the exception of the Shepherd of Hermas.
pseudonymity	The question of the pseudonymity of the book is still an open one.
pseudonym	In both societies he was known as Il Lasca or Leuciscus, and this pseudonym is still frequently substituted for his proper name.
psittacosis	Other infections (including brucellosis, psittacosis, plague ).
psoriasis	The oleate has been used in chronic eczema and psoriasis and locally in cancer.
psittacus	The existing genera include Anas, Aquila, Bubo, Columba, Cypselus, Lanius, Picus, Phalacrocorax, Sula, &c. Very interesting is the fact that Serpentarius, Psittacus and Trogon are amongst this list of birds, which are now restricted to the tropics.
pst	Every Thursday, the company's Let's Do Lunch promotion offers customers a free, full-size gift with any purchase made on the Smashbox Web site between 9am and 2pm PST.
psi	It gives superb substrate adhesion; greater than 10,000 psi.
psychedelic	Directed by Peter Hyams, it starred Roy Schieder of Jaws fame, and (fortunately, in this viewer's opinion) lost much of the psychedelic mystical overtones that hampered the original movie.
psoriatic	My problem is I also have psoriatic arthritis which means I am not able to exercise properly.
psyche	The tale, which is almost identical with the Lohengrin legend, belongs to the class of the Cupid and Psyche narratives.
psych	If Ashley wasn't the fourth person to say so, I'd probably refer her to psych for an evaluation.
psychiatric	There's a good chance Donnie is finally about to get some psychiatric help— help a long time coming.
psycho	What kind of psycho are you?
psychiatrist	Have you talked to your psychiatrist about your relationship with Julie?
psychically	You might be psychically connected, such as being able to finish each other's sentence, or knowing what the other person is thinking just by looking at each other.
psychical	On the contrary, his contention is that of Fechner - that all knowable things are inner psychical realities beneath outer physical appearances - the invisible symbolized by the visible.
psychoanalysis	Sigmund Freud (1856-1939) is known as the father or psychoanalysis.
psychoanalyst	At that point I started seeing a psychoanalyst because I couldn't see a knife without wanting to cut my wrists.
psychoanalytic	Psychoanalytic treatment, however, had a very low rate of success.
psychiatry	What do we know about medication errors in inpatient psychiatry?
psychoanalytical	Back to Associate List Audrey Neill Audrey is a psychodynamic counselor, currently completing her training in psychoanalytical psychotherapy.
psychoactive	Let us not get too emotive about what we mean by ' psychoactive plants ' .
psychics	Authentic Online Readers Psychics Network Information and guidance using palmistry, numerology, tarot and astrology.
psychogenic	If emotional problems are the primary reason for the itch, the condition is known as psychogenic itching.
psychokinesis	I've never seen psychokinesis, but I'm prepared to accept that, too.
psycholinguistics	The dissertation was published in 1991 in the Kluwer series Studies in theoretical psycholinguistics.
psychology	An investigator, pledging himself to no beliefs - even perhaps one who definitely disbelieves and rejects theism - may yet interest himself in tracking out the psychology of religion.
psychologically	Nay, it may be questioned how far it is either psychologically or logically possible to turn general scepticism into a coherent doctrine.
psychometric	The contribution of digital technologies in this area is often limited to unhelpful psychometric tests.
psychometry	Psychometry is the ability to read the history of an object by touching the object.
psychopath	Fighting psychopath killers can really mess you up.
psychic	Are you telling me this psychic person saw a vision of it?
psychometrics	Louise Triance is a British Psychological Society level A&B trained assessor, conducting psychometrics on behalf of recruiters.
psychopathic	The psychopathic, the tubercular, the rickety, and the gouty constitution may all be transmitted through a line of ascendants, and only require the necessary exciting agents to render them apparent.
psychologist	The psychologist and the formal logician do indeed join hands in the denial of a real movement of thought in syllogism.
psychopathy	These findings suggested that maternal deprivation can lead to a lack of emotional development (affectionless psychopathy ).
psychosomatic	Because both hypnotherapy and NLP work with the unconscious mind, then psychosomatic illnesses can be dealt with very quickly.
psychosis	You may have a rare but serious form of depression known as postpartum psychosis.
psychological	The third and fourth books give evidence of acuteness in psychological analysis; the fourth and sixth of the most active and varied observation of natural phenomena; the fifth of original insight and strong common sense in conceiving the origin of society and the progressive advance of man to civilization.
psychopathology	They are considered to have psychopathology, often including attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
psychotic	Find out what happens when a psychotic superhuman serial killer is!
psychosocial	A person needs to have all their psychosocial needs met to be happy with themselves and those around them.
psychotherapist	Toni Coleman is a licensed psychotherapist.
psychotherapy	He was looking for more information on autonomy in psychotherapy and counseling.
psychotropic	Psychotropic medications are used to treat mental illnesses because they affect a patients moods and perceptions.
pt	The metals may be arranged in a series according to their power of displacing one another in salt solutions, thus Cs, Rb, K, Na, Mg, Al, Mn, Zn, Cd, Tl, Fe, Co, Ni, Sn, Pb, (H), Sb, Bi, As, Cu, Hg, Ag, Pd, Pt, Au.
pta	The last time she'd hung out with anyone was at a PTA meeting.
ptarmigan	In the case of the ptarmigan the evidence is clear that the existing autumnal feathers do change, more or less completely, to white.
pterodactyl	The pterodactyl dropped and caught itself, coasting in the sea breeze.
pteropod	In the shallower tropical waters, especially on the central ridge, considerable areas are covered by Pteropod ooze, a deposit consisting largely of the shells of pelagic molluscs.
pterygote	Thus the condition in the Dermaptera is more primitive than in any other Pterygote order except the Ephemeroptera (Mayflies) which are still more generalized, the primitive mesodermal ducts (oviducts and vasa deferentia) opening by paired apertures as in the Crustacea.
pto	According to the PTO, the data we receive includes the assignee designated at the time of filing.
pterygium	Surgeons and clinical triallists should not be encouraged in the use of bare sclera resection as a surgical technique for primary pterygium.
ptosis	Number of you end of the ptosis ipsilateral lacrimation envisage open society.
pubes	Only in the ostrich the distal ends of the pubes meet, forming a daggershaped symphysis, which is curved forwards.
pubertal	Babies with TS tend to be small at birth, growth through childhood is slow and there is no pubertal growth spurt.
pub	She searched the busy pub with her gaze.
pubescent	Boys in their pubescent years will begin to have very active sexual urges that should be addressed in a comfortable and safe environment.
pubescence	Bassett, 3 is the petiole, and its terminal tuft of woolly hairs the enormously developed pubescence of the young oak-leaf.
puberty	The risks of the age of puberty are extreme.
pubis	The pectineal process is variable; it may grow entirely from the pubis, or both pubis and ilium partake of its formation, or lastly its pubic portion may be lost and the process is entirely formed by the ilium.
publican	Zacchaeus the publican and the grateful Samaritan leper further illustrate this characteristic. Writing as he does for Gentile believers he omits many details which from their strongly Jewish cast might be unintelligible or uninteresting.
pubic	Unlike a basic bikini wax, a Brazilian wax removes all pubic hair from the front to the back.
publish	He wondered what she would think if she knew he had never tried to publish a single piece of music.
publicist	The publicist Charles Joseph Panckoucke (1736-1798), owner of the Mercure de France and publisher of the famous Encyclopedie (1781), persuaded him to merge this in a larger paper, the Moniteur universel, which gained a wide repute for correctness and impartiality.
publicize	Retailers make a point to publicize kids' back-to-school clothes sales as the beginning of the school year nears.
public	It's all public record.
publication	Farmer's Oracle, began publication in 1797.
publicity	But the publicity on this is like the second coming.
pucker	A little pucker uses just two muscles around the lips.
puce	Grown men turn puce, pass out and Red Cross medics rush to their aid.
publicly	He publicly continued to express strong feelings about Dean's involvement.
puckered	His face was puckered up and wet with tears.
puck	Among other tools, they found one that looked like a hockey puck with a sharp blade.
publishing	France is represented by the publishing firms of Ch.
puddle	Water dripped off her into a puddle at her feet.
publisher	The hesitant visitor was Gladys Turnbull's publisher from New Mexico.
pudding	For dessert, you can enjoy tarts, cake, pie and pudding.
pud	I did stick to steak and salad, and I didn't have a pud, but we will see.
puerile	It is usual for children to act puerile, but in adults it seems ridiculous.
pudendal	Local Anesthetic Techniques Pudendal Nerve Block This is usually performed by the obstetrician using a vaginal approach.
pudgy	She wore those half-stockings that were supposed to be hidden by something far longer than what covered her pudgy legs, which were streaked with the stark blue of veins looking like a map of a very congested and curvy area.
pueblo	The original settlement, now called Pueblo Viejo, 4 m.
puffin	The puffin is most commonly taken for its feathers.
puerperal	The diseases to which the act applies are smallpox, cholera, membranous croup, erysipelas, scarlatina or scarlet fever, typhus, typhoid, enteric, relapsing, continued or puerperal fever, and any other infectious disease to which the act has been applied by the local authority of the district in the prescribed manner.
puff	He turned and stalked away, disappearing with a puff of cool breeze.
puffed	It has three quarter length sleeves puffed at the top.
puffer	Neiman Marcus serves up the Pretty Puffer Tote, an adorable tote that comes in both silver and black.
puffery	Hanover have good design and great content with minimum corporate puffery.
puffiness	This interesting shade is used to shape and define the nose and to reduce around-the-eye puffiness.
puffy	Her eyes were puffy with pain but she still smiled.
pug	Pug puppies, and Pugs in general, can be a little difficult to shop for when it comes to clothing because of their fairly broad chests and necks.
pugnacious	Squirrels are restless, courageous and pugnacious little animals.
pugilist	Athens fighting Philip has fared, he says, like an amateur boxer opposed to a skilled pugilist.
pugnacity	As a statesman, he certainly committed grave faults - through excess of diplomatic subtlety, lack of forethought, and sometimes even through ingenuousness; but it must with justice be admitted that, in spite of his reputation for pugnacity and obstinacy, he never failed, either by temperament or on principle, to exhaust every peaceful expedient in settling questions.
puke	Her heart raced to the point of pain, and she felt sick enough to puke.
puissance	The only work he published was his Reflexions sur la puissance motrice du feu et sur les machines propres a developper cette puissance (Paris, 1824).
pukka	To avoid leaving any humps and bumps, you may finish off the job with the brush for a really pukka job.
puissant	The first MS. which he undertook in London was one sent to him by the noble and puissant lord, Lord Antone, Erle of Ryvyers, consisting of a translation into right good and fayr Englyssh of Jean de Teonville's French version of a Latin work, a glorious fair mirror to all good Christian people.
pulley	The strap is usually of iron, and the pulley of hard wood.
puller	A puller will compel the rider to shorten his leathers one or perhaps two holes - a course that may also be rendered necessary in a hilly country, for, in going down hill, the stirrups, if kept at the ordinary length, will generally feel a great deal too long.
pullover	It's his turn to have the pullover, you know that.
puisne	This court is presided over by a chief justice, with five puisne judges, and has appellate civil and criminal jurisdiction for the Dominion.
pullman	The centre of disturbance was the Pullman strike at Chicago, whence the disorder extended to the Pacific coast, causing riot and bloodshed in many places.
pulmonate	This is the condition in the Bullomorpha, the Aplysiomorpha, and in one Pulmonate, Pythia.
pulmonary	There are likewise two pulmonary veins, entering the left atrium by one orifice.
pull	Here, let me pull out the stove.
pulpy	I was watching the people at the next table and all the food looked freshly prepared, not a pulpy mess.
pulsar	There are several main active areas of research in the general area of pulsar astronomy which would support projects.
pulsate	This acts as a larval heart, but ceases to pulsate after a time.
pulque	There are many other fibre-producing agaves, including some of those from which pulque is derived.
pulsatile	More experimental data for the pulsatile flows of non-Newtonian fluids are needed.
pulpit	I'm the one most up in the pulpit on security.
pulsation	Feel the pulsation touching the sun, moon and stars.
pulverize	They are exceedingly hard and difficult to pulverize, odourless, bitter and readily confused with black mustard seeds.
pulp	Varieties occur with yellow and reddish pulp; and there are also pear-shaped varieties.
pulverulent	Burnt deposits are dark-coloured, or even pulverulent and useless.
pulse	Her pulse quickened, as did her breath.
pulvinus	If the leaf of Mini osa or Desmodium be examined, it will be seen that at the base of each leaflet and each leaf, just at the junction with the respective axes, is a swelling known as a pulvinus.
pump	Without a pump or two spares, they accomplished the same thing.
pumice	Pumice stone is also exported from Lipari (II,oio tons in 1904).
pummel	The stand featured a joystick and a pressure-sensitive button that allowed players to execute light, medium or hard attacks to pummel opponents.
puma	There are deer, called taruco (Cervus antisensis); the viscacha, a large rodent; a species of fox called atoc; and the puma (Felts concolor) and ucumari or black bear with a white muzzle, when driven by hunger, wander into the loftier regions.
pun	If I had a buck for every flat I fixed, I could retire...no pun intended.
punch	He blocked her first punch but not her second.
pummeling	With his scream echoing in her head, she staggered up and started pummeling the jaguar.s face, shouting for it to let the sobbing baby angel go.
puna	The Cordillera of the Andes borders the Puna to the west, while the Bolivian Cordillera Real bounds it to the east.
pumping	She could feel the blood pumping in her neck.
puncher	It consists in punching, by means of a puncher, a series of holes in a strip of paper in such a way that, when the strip is sent through another instrument, called the transmitter, the holes cause the circuit to be closed at the proper times and for the proper proportionate intervals for the message to be correctly printed by the receiving instrument or recorder.
punchy	This tune has crisp and punchy beats and breaks.
punctilious	Once he took in the letters from the evening postman, and brought them to the top of the stairs with punctilious politeness.
punctual	He was as punctual as midnight.
punched	She punched his shoulder.
punctuate	Some students could not write, spell or punctuate simple sentences.
punctuality	Have not men improved somewhat in punctuality since the railroad was invented?
punctually	He therefore would die in three days, which (Mr Atkinson informs the writer) he punctually did.
pumpkin	Dean grabbed the near-empty plate, salvaging the few remaining morsels while Pumpkin was searching for more empty pockets to fill as he rose to leave.
punctiliously	All the old republican formalities were most punctiliously observed - even those attendant on the emperor's election to the consulate, so far as they did not involve a restoration of the old order of voting at the comitia.
punctate	Immunoreactivity within these neurons was diffuse, and finely granular or punctate.
punctured	He felt each arrow as if it punctured his body instead of hers.
puncture	As the nut grows the slight puncture becomes almost obliterated, so that it is unnoticed by all but the most observant eye.
pundit	During that short period, he heard the pundit explaining the nature of God.
punctuation	I skipped ahead to a page where she used more punctuation and it helped.
punica	At the end of the war the victorious Romans confiscated the dominions of Syphax, and gave them to Massinissa, whose sway extended from the frontier of Mauretania to the boundary of the Carthaginian territory, and also south and east as far as the Cyrenaica (Appian, Punica, 106), so that the Numidian kingdom entirely surrounded Carthage except towards the sea.
pungent	He put a tray of garlic bread into the oven and the pungent smell of warming cheese filled the room.
punishment	No other punishment fell on the man.
pungency	The pungency of the nasturtium officinale, the water-cress, gave it its name nasi-tortium, that which twists the nose.
punjabi	Punjabi food, Tandoori chicken in particular, originated here.
punk	My eldest boy of 21 is in a ska punk band.
punishing	She was still angry with Alex, and she was punishing him.
punitive	It forms the base for all punitive expeditions to the Tochi Valley and Waziri frontier.
punishable	My regret is that it is not punishable by law.
punish	I'm not asking you to punish the men.
punnet	The strawberries we ate straight from the punnet and they tasted gorgeous.
punt	Punt is identified with the Somali country, now known to be the native country of the trees that yield the bulk of the frankincense of commerce.
puny	Even if we are puny humans.
punter	Even the most drunken punter will realize that you can't play a tune you don't have!
pupal	Some members of this order spend the winter in the adult state, others in the larval or pupal condition.
pupae	The general characteristics of the pupae in these two sections have already been described.
pupate	When fully grown the larvae pupate and a few days later they emerge as the first worker bumble bees of the year.
pupa	The pupa stage of the ant-lion is quiescent.
pup	I own The Lucky Pup mine.
pupillary	This action, at first sight somewhat obscure, is due to the extreme pupillary contraction which removes the mass of the iris from pressing upon the spaces of Fontana, through which the intraocular fluids normally make a very slow escape from the eye into its efferent lymphatics.
puppy	The puppy licked her hand.
puppetry	It uses comic strip puppetry combined with accessible education.
pupil	Please tell your little pupil many things when you have much time.
puppeteer	He continued releasing new music, including She's A Lady and The New Mexican Puppeteer, but his popularity had dropped off as music fans were more interested in the growing disco craze.
purchase	They would purchase a few things for Christmas tomorrow.
pure	It was pure fact.
purchasable	The Kate Spade baby collection diaper bags are only purchasable in black or navy.
purana	Of still later date are the popular developments of the modern cult of Krishna associated with Radha, as found in the Vishnu Purana.
puppet	But during the greater part of his reign he was the puppet of the magnates and kept in such penury that he was often obliged to pawn his jewels to get proper food and clothing.
purblind	An equally significant hint, that the Ionian Isles might easily be regained by France, further helped to open the eyes of the purblind Addington ministry to the resolve of Napoleon to make the Mediterranean a French lake.
purebred	Even though the cats are not registered, they may still be purebred cats.
purgatory	No one knows how severe or how long a Purgatory was, or is, implied in a hundred days of canonical penance.
purgation	At the instance of Gondremark, it had undergone a strict purgation, and was now composed exclusively of tools.
puree	If your blender isn't designed to puree, it's a good idea to pre-chop fruits and vegetables so that the blender doesn't strain to break them down.
purchaser	If he was an innocent prospective purchaser, he might very well reply.
pureness	According to Acer, the TravelMate's white livery conveys images of pureness (sic ), cleanliness, and maximum lightness .
purgatorial	Some believers, he taught, may pass through purgatorial fires; and this middle class may be helped by the sacraments and the alms of the living.
purgative	Hyphear is useful for fattening cattle if they are hardy enough to withstand the purgative effect it produces at first; viscum is medicinally of value as an emollient, and in cases of tumour, ulcers and the like.
purificatory	He was the mythic founder of a religious school or sect, with a code of rules of life, a mystic eclectic theology, a system of purificatory and expiatory rites, and peculiar mysteries.
purge	The oil will purge when rubbed into the skin or injected per rectum.
purify	Water isn't free; someone is paying a bill to purify the water that comes through that fountain.
purist	Bembo, as a writer, is the beau ideal of a purist.
purifier	Internally, each purifier is filled with ranges of wooden trays or sieves A, made in the form of purifiers.
purism	He further suggests that this question is also relevant to discussions of dialectology and linguistic purism, among other areas of linguistics.
purification	Probably the widest field is still in the purification of iron and steel.
purity	Man flows at once to God when the channel of purity is open.
puritanic	It was doubtless a revulsion of feeling against the doctrinaires and in particular against the puritanic reign of Michel that made her turn to Chopin.
puritanical	Indeed, some Christians lived an almost excessively puritanical life and thus incurred the wrath of the populace.
purely	This printer is purely mechanical, and its speed is very high.
puritanism	Puritanism steadily mellowed under many influences.
purl	However, instead of pointing directly to the location of an Internet resource, a PURL points to an intermediate resolution service.
purlin	The roof has rafters and a ridge purlin with plaster between.
purlieu	Land which had thus been once forest land and was afterwards disafforested was known as purlieu - derived by Manwood from the French pur and lieu, i.e.
purpose	His purpose for bringing her here was unclear.
puritan	As a political adviser of the king Williams consistently counselled moderation and compromise between the unqualified assertion of the royal prerogative and the puritan views of popular liberties which were.
purportedly	No longer lagging behind top French chefs, purportedly the best in the world, California is now considered to hold its own among the global cooking elite.
purposefully	Making plans with others and purposefully leaving you out.
purport	But the trend of recent policy and purport of much recent legislation are against this view.
purposeful	The simple, purposeful touch reinforced what she already knew.
purposely	He did not purposely say things to please her, but whatever he was saying he regarded from her standpoint.
purported	Though they purported to declare the usages on the subject which prevailed in the reign of Henry I.
purplish	C. bracteata, 9 in., has sulphur-coloured flowers in April, and C. nobilis, i ft., rich yellow, in May; C. solida, with purplish, and C. tuberosa, with white flowers, are pretty springflowering plants, 4 to 6 in.
purposive	Variation was in fact a purposive response.
purposeless	I can't face swapping out the graphics card, either, it just seems purposeless.
purpura	It is the adrectal gland, and in the genera Murex and Purpura secretes a colourless liquid which turns purple upon exposure to the atmosphere, and was used by the ancients as a dye.
purse	Tears flooded her eyes and she dug in her purse for a tissue.
purple	Nina returned with a dress made of dark purple velvet and satin.
pursue	I really want to pursue this, but I don't know how.
purr	It didn't purr like a cat but growled.
purser	The purser was accused of stealing an overcoat from stateroom No. 10.
pursuant	Several of the powers nominated members of the permanent court pursuant to Art.
pursuer	The men on the wall lowered their weapons at her shout, and the remaining pursuer tackled her.
purulent	It is used to render the urine acid in cases where it is alkaline, loaded with phosphates or purulent, and is thus useful in cases of cystitis.
purslane	The various kinds differ widely from one another, B. halimifolia (Sea Purslane), the best known, attaining a height of 6 to 12 feet.
pursuance	Returning from another visit to Sicily, the emperor was now so powerful that, in pursuance of his plan for making himself the head of a great world monarchy, he put forward the suggestion that the- imperial crown should be declared hereditary in his family.
push	You were trying to push me off the bed.
purvey	They purvey everything from Herman Miller to Blu Dot, Kartell, Steelcase, and Dwell Studio.
pusher	We called his position Regional Marketing Manager, but in reality he was a glorified errand boy—a paper pusher.
purveyance	Prerogative and privilege came more than once into collision, the abuses of purveyance and wardship were made matters of conference, though the thorough discussion of them was deferred to a succeeding session; while James's temper was irritated by the objections brought against his favourite scheme of the Union, and by the attitude taken up by the House with regard to religious affairs.
purveyor	Although Robespierre was the principal purveyor of the tribunal, we possess only one of these lists bearing his signature.
purview	More serious cases come within the purview of the an-sat, a judicial auxiliary of the governor.
pus	Pus being found, the abscess should be freely opened and drained.
pushover	Do you view Amy as a selfless victim or an easy pushover?
pushy	He got pushy on the phone—wanted to come forward himself.
pusillanimous	A strong sense of duty, genuine piety, and a cautious but by no means pusillanimous common-sense coloured every action of his patient, laborious and eventful life.
puss	Coloring Book-The Shrek pages at Coloring Book feature a cute printable of Puss and Boots along with pages of other characters from the movie.
pursuit	The sounds of pursuit grew fainter.
put	She put on her red dress.
pussyfoot	I'm not polishing it up, I do n't pussyfoot around the issue.
pustular	When the true skin is inflamed various appearances may arise, according to the intensity and extent of the inflammation, and the eruption may be papular, vesicular, pustular, tubercular, bulbous or ulcerative.
putative	Use of public specifications for the data about plans putative insurer is.
putrefy	They increase as bacteria putrefy animal flesh, producing a strong rotting odor.
putrefaction	Bacon describes oak-apples as an exudation of plants joined with putrefaction.
putrefactive	In the interior of the grape, in the healthy blood, no such germs exist; crush the grape, wound the flesh, and expose them to the ordinary air, then changes, either fermentative or putrefactive, run their course.
pushing	Alex placed his hands on her shoulders, gently pushing her back.
putrid	Outside the fort nothing was to be seen but burnt-down houses and putrid bodies.
putatively	However, while this putatively falls under the free ebook genre, it is actually only a seven day trial of the e-book.
putrescent	Not to speak of insects which feed upon the pitcher itself, some drop their eggs into the putrescent mass, where their larvae find abundant nourishment, while birds often slit open the pitchers with their beaks and devour the maggots in their turn.
putty	She was already putty in his hands.
puzzle	The pieces of the puzzle simply didn't fit together.
puzzled	He regarded her with a puzzled expression.
putsch	After the military putsch in 1980 she went to Europe.
putter	When you are considering purchasing a putter, spend as much time as possible choosing the right one.
puzzlement	His gaze fell to the hand, and he stopped suddenly, puzzlement easing his anger.
putt	Or why not try your hand at crazy golf, pitch and putt and French boules.
puzzler	Cubis is your standard match-the-color-blocks puzzler, but in 3D, so the blocks are called cubes.
puy	But the suspicions aroused by his conduct found further confirmation when he caused himself - or allowed himself - to be nominated bishop of Le Puy by Benedict XIII.
pvc	The Zorb itself is a gigantic inflatable PVC ball... Paintball for 10 People Save 50% Ready, Aim, FIRE!
puzzling	The results obtained are sometimes puzzling, because it is.
px	His development of the equation x m +- px = q in an infinite series was extended by Leonhard Euler, and particularly by Joseph Louis Lagrange.
pw	I took a peek when signing my contracts and it said PW.
pycnidia	The pustules on the surface are due to fructifications, pycnidia and spermagonia.
pygmy	Shall a man go and hang himself because he belongs to the race of pygmies, and not be the biggest pygmy that he can?
pygidium	The mid-region of the body, composed of jointed segments, is followed by a larger or smaller region consisting of fused segments and termed the pygidium or caudal shield, which in some cases is as large as the head-shield itself, in other cases much smaller.
pygostyle	The last six or seven caudal vertebrae coalesce into the pygostyle, an upright blade which carries the rectrices.
pylon	How many people are aware tho, that on the outskirts of Rochdale is a veritable Mecca for pylon enthusiasts?
pyloric	In Plotus, the snakebird, the pyloric chamber of the stomach is beset with a mass of hair-like stiff filaments which permit nothing but fluid to pass into the duodenum.
pyramid	She stopped to admire the colors of a fruit pyramid and the textures of textiles.
pyjamas	The ordinary zir-jamah are of white, blue or red cotton, very loose, and are exactly similar to the pyjamas worn by Europeans in India.
pyogenic	Although majority of the cultures from the pus aspirated are positive, a negative culture does not exclude pyogenic abscess.
pylorus	Difficulty and pain in swallowing may be complained of when the cancer is beginning to block the inlet, but if it is situated at the pylorus the discomfort comes on an hour or two after a meal - at the time that the partially digested food is trying to make its way into the small intestine.
pyre	Then the pyre was built and the body laid upon it.
pyrexia	The usual signs of infection (e.g. pyrexia, leucocytosis) may be absent and infection surveillance must be rigorous.
pyrene	The crude solid product from the tar distillate is digested with carbon bisulphide to dissolve the pyrene, the solution filtered and the solvent evaporated.
pyrenoid	When carbon-assimilation is active, starch-granules crowd upon the surface of the pyrenoid and completely obscure it from view.
pyrethrum	Pyrethrum cinerariaefolium is exported for the manufacture of insect-powder, and sunflowers are cultivated for the oil contained in their seeds.
pyritic	Pyritic ores containing copper are treated by methods analogous to those of the copper smelter.
pyramidal	The molar-like teeth slightly diminishing in size from the first to the fourth, with square crowns, each bearing four pyramidal cusps.
pyriform	The epidermis consists of pyriform cells, which send richly branched processes to the superficial cuticle.
pyrex	When it comes to choosing your glass cookware, try to find Pyrex dishes.
pyroclastic	The amount of volcanic material, consisting of both pyroclastic material and lava flows, is great.
pyroelectric	At lower power levels a vacuum thermopile and a pyroelectric detector, both with windows and higher sensitivity, maintain the relative response scale.
pyrites	Lampadius, who obtained it by heating a mixture of charcoal and pyrites.
pyromania	Pyromania is the repetitive, deliberate, and purposeful setting of fires.
pyrolysis	The same situation exists with the production of organic methanol, where pyrolysis reduces the efficiency to 40% energy positive.
pyrometer	In the Fery radiation pyrometer this difficulty is obviated, as the instrument may be placed at a considerable distance from the furnace.
pyrotechnic	Pyrotechnic machines are often used to create everything from minor fireworks scenes to major explosions.
pyrophoric	By electrolysis it yields uranium dioxide as a pyrophoric powder, and peruranic hydroxide, U04.2H20, when treated with hydrogen peroxide.
pyrophosphoric	As stated under Phosphorus, phosphoric oxide, P 2 0 5, combines with water in three proportions to form H 2 O P 2 0 5 or HP03, metaphosphoric acid; 2H 2 O P 2 0 5 or H4P207, pyrophosphoric acid; and 3H 2 O P 2 0 5 or H 3 PO 4, orthophosphoric or ordinary phosphoric acid.
pyrophorus	Firefly is a term popularly used for certain tropical American click-beetles (Pyrophorus), due to their power of emitting light.
pyrotechny	Its chief uses are in glass-making to promote fluidity, in metallurgy to oxidize impurities, as a constituent of gunpowder and in pyrotechny; it is also used in the manufacture of nitric acid.
pyrope	In another eclogite boulder, diamond was found partly embedded in pyrope.
pyrotechnics	Exercise some creativity when shooting pyrotechnics.
pyroxene	The boulder is a crystalline rock consisting of pyroxene (chrome-diopside), garnet, and a little olivine, and is studded with diamond crystals; a portion of it is preserved in the British Museum (Natural History).
pyrrhonism	Accordingly the Pensees have always been a favourite exploring ground, not to say a favourite field of battle, to persons who take an interest in their problems. Speaking generally, their tendency is towards the combating of scepticism by a deeper scepticism, or, as Pascal himself calls it, Pyrrhonism, which occasionally goes the length of denying the possibility of any natural theology.
pyrrhonist	The major premise of syllogism, says the Pyrrhonist, is established inductively from the particular ' 'Errt4 opcc. = in as in i raywyi 7, inductio, and - 40pa = - ferentia, as in 8eoopa, differentia.
pythagoreanism	According to Cicero (Timaeus, r), Figulus endeavoured with some success to revive the doctrines of Pythagoreanism.
pyx	Specimens are selected from the finished coin and are put into a box or pyx.
pythian	With the same idea he built the temple of the Pythian Apollo and began, though he did not finish, the temple of Zeus (the magnificent columns now standing belong to the age of Hadrian).
pythagorean	The great Pythagorean oath was taken by the sacred tetractys.
python	Among the non-poisonous serpents the python ranks first.
qc	On my left, we have Miss Anesta Weekes; Anesta is in fact a QC, a distinguished barrister.
qin	The First Emperor of Qin introduced the Qin script as the official written language in 221 B.C.
qr	I qr.
qu	The Celts represented Indo-European q by p, whilst the Greeks, Illyrians, Thracians, Ligurians, and aborigines of France, Britain and Ireland represented it by k, c or qu.
qt	The Mayo Clinic reports that one probable cause may be the long QT syndrome.
qing	To stop insurgence, the Qing emperor simply outlaws marshal arts.
qb	In a crude top-down view, you jammed on the buttons to propel the QB toward the end zone, avoiding defenders.
qua	A copy, qua copy, can never be the equal of the exemplar, and it may be much its inferior.
quack	Hence the modern sense of empirical as applied to the guess work of an untrained quack or charlatan.
qty	Veggie for Life Shopping Bag £ 5.95 Qty This strong and splendid bag is deceptively roomy and will carry quite a lot of shopping.
q	Let P, Q denote the normal thrust across the sides bc, ca, and R the normal thrust across the base ab.
quad	Large 3 bed 2 bathroom quad villa, furnished and equipped.
quackery	He was a great admirer of Galen; and in his writings he protests emphatically against quackery and the superstitious remedies of the astrologers.
quadragesima	Of the Lenten fast or Quadragesima, the first mention is in the fifth canon of the council of Nicaea (325), and from this time it is frequently referred to, but chiefly as a season of preparation for baptism, of absolution of penitents or of retreat and recollection.
quadrat	It is common to use a 50 x 50 cm quadrat, divided into 25 smaller squares.
quadratic	The next case is that in which u is a quadratic function of x, i.e.
quadrangular	The plan here too was roughly quadrangular with a central court, but owing to the erosion of the hillside a good deal of the eastern quarter has disappeared.
quadrangle	The city forms a quadrangle of nearly i m.
quadrate	Premolars compressed, pointed; and the molars with quadrate tuberculated crowns.
quadrennial	The designs for Macbeth formed part of the gold medal winning entry to the 1995 International Quadrennial Exhibition in Prague.
quadrature	Among his later poems may be mentioned La Divine Tragedie (1916) and La Quadrature de l'Amour (1920).
quadratus	Whether the division of the lobus dexter into two divisions - (i) lobus dexter proper and (2) lobus quadratus, as in modern anatomical nomenclature - was also assumed in Babylonian hepatoscopy, is not certain, but the groove separating the right lobe into two sections - the fossa venae umbilicalis - was recognized and distinguished by the designation of river of the liver.
quadric	The diameter of a quadric surface is a line at the extremities of which the tangent planes are parallel.
quadriceps	Sprinters and football players generally have stronger quadriceps than hamstrings.
quadrant	The pilots were all Indians, and they used the forestaff and quadrant for their observations.
quadrillion	Imagine what you could do with the combined learning of a quadrillion life experiences.
quadrilateral	Legnago is one of the famous Quadrilateral fortresses.
quadrille	Originating in Germany in the 1700s, German Solo evolved from the game Quadrille, an expanded version of the game L'Hombre.
quadriplegia	Unfortunately, his brain was starved of oxygen and he was left severely brain damaged, with spastic quadriplegia.
quadripartite	It consists of a nave in six bays, aisles, transepts, each with two eastern chapels, and an apse, all vaulted with simple quadripartite brick groining.
quadruple	Her mind went to the quadruple locks on the front door and bars on the window.
quadriplegic	Brown was a quadriplegic who had control over only one part his body, his left foot.
quadruped	I saw neither bird, quadruped, reptile, nor insect.
quadrivium	More remarkable still were his methods of teaching the quadrivium.
quadrivalent	In the case of the quadrivalent carbon, diamond seems to be the stable form at ordinary temperatures, but one may wait long before it is formed from graphite.
quadrupedal	The clawed slender fingers did not make Archaeopteryx any more quadrupedal or bat-like in its habits than is a kestrel hawk, with its equally large, or even larger thumb-claw.
quagga	The elephant, giraffe, lion, leopard, hyena, zebra, buffalo, gnu, quagga, kudu, eland and many other kinds of antelope roamed the plains; the rhinoceros, hippopotamus and crocodile lived in or frequented the rivers, and ostriches and baboons were numerous.
quads	Room choices range from doubles and quads, right through to 12 bed dorms.
quaint	His gentle courtesy and quaint speech won my heart.
quagmire	I stumbled into a quagmire of my own making.
quake	There was a slight quake to her voice.
quaestor	The dictator alone among military commanders had no quaestor, because a quaestor would have been a limitation to his powers.
qualification	Merit was with him the sole qualification for advancement.
quaintly	Decorations can be extremely elaborate or quaintly simple.
qualify	He even had to qualify his statements as to their sincerity.
quaintness	Old houses in the Spanish style give quaintness to its appearance.
quality	She felt the quality of the material.
quail	A quail punctuated her statement with its crisp call.
qualitative	We shall here consider the qualitative and quantitative determination of these elements.
qualm	The only qualm is, I hope the cover shown on Amazon isn't the final cover.
quakerism	During this period Quakerism was sketched from the outside by two very different men.
quandary	This was such a profound and lovely meaning that I was left in a real quandary.
qualifier	The big qualifier for obtaining insurance through AARP is age; you have to be at least 50 years old to participate in the organization and enjoy their benefits.
qualitatively	Further, the eye is endowed with polarity, by which its activity is divided into two parts qualitatively distinct.
quanta	In 1864 appeared the encyclical Quanta Cura, together with a Syllabus of eighty of the most important errors of our time (see Syllabus).
quaker	The first settlers on the site of the city were several Quaker families who came in the 18th century.
quantification	At present I am investigating techniques of quantification of biofilms on marine antifouling coatings and relating these to antifouling release agents.
quantic	In the theory of forms we seek functions of the coefficients and variables of the original quantic which, save as to a power of the modulus of transformation, are equal to the like functions of the coefficients and variables of the transformed quantic. We may have such a function which does not involve the variables, viz.
quantity	But there is any quantity of oatmeal, which we often cook for breakfast.
quantifiable	School rankings can give quantifiable information regarding how well students are doing in tests across the board.
quantifier	The results of these experiments show consistent effects of all the contextual variables on quantifier judgements.
quantify	But this is a difficult area to quantify precisely.
quango	Barks turns icy at the mention of this quango.
quantile	Application of the analog principle leads to quantile regression based interval estimators of values and partial differences of structural functions.
quantize	Understanding the role of time is seen as key in attempts to quantize gravity.
quarantine	The Flores Island quarantine station is 12 m.
quarrel	You've made me quarrel with my son!
quantized	In general, the closer the mean error is to zero the more the quantized image resembles the source image.
quarreling	She understood that he meant what were their parents quarreling about.
quantitative	Definite economic problems can very rarely be dealt with by merely quantitative methods.
quantum	Ever since the first science fiction stories regarding time travel and alternate dimensions were published, a growing population of researchers turn to Quantum Physics for a solution to most paranormal issues.
quarry	I went skinny dipping in the quarry where I'd been told not to go.
quark	In order to understand Quark, you must first understand the Ferengi.
quarrelsome	He was quarrelsome and unruly.
quartan	It is the general rule, with frequent exceptions, that the quotidian paroxysm comes on in the morning, the tertian about noon, and the quartan in the afternoon.
quartation	The sulphur and litharge, or Pfannenschmied, process was used to concentrate the gold in an alloy in order to make it amenable to quartation, or parting with nitric acid.
quarrying	Quarrying for limestone, clay and sandstone is general in most parts.
quarterly	The quarterly council meeting is tonight.
quart	The size of jar commonly known as a quart size may have a capacity from 4 o 0 th to s 00 oth of a microfarad, and if charged to 20,000 volts stores up energy from a quarter to half a joule or from -ths to Iths of a foot-pound.
quartermaster	Wilkinson then resigned (March 1778) his newly-acquired commission, but later re-entered the service in the quartermaster, He died in London on the 19th of general's department, and was clothier-general from July 1779 to March 1781.
quarterfinal	Each will sail a single round robin with the top three from each advancing to the Quarterfinal Round.
quartering	The township suffered severely during the War of Independence on account of the frequent quartering of American troops within its borders, the depredations of bands of lawless men after the occupation of New York by the British in 1778 and its invasion by the British in 1779 (February 25) and 1781 (December 5).
quarterback	While a special teams coaching change will not affect the performance of your quarterback, you should be aware of what coaching changes are going on with your players' teams from top to bottom.
quartet	But as the first great master of the quartet and the symphony his claim is incontestable.
quartette	He was for a time politically associated with Lord Randolph Churchill, Sir Henry Drummond Wolff and Sir John (then Mr) Gorst, the quartette becoming known as the Fourth Party, and gaining notoriety by the freedom of the criticisms directed by its leader, Lord Randolph Churchill, against Sir Stafford Northcote, Lord Cross and other prominent members of the old gang.
qualified	There's no one more qualified to help you.
quarter	That's a quarter of all the hungry people in the world.
quartile	This also puts it in the top quartile of all local authorities.
quarto	Among the Merchiston papers is a thin quarto volume in Robert Napier's writing containing a digest of the principles of alchemy; it is addressed to his son, and on the first leaf there are directions that it is to remain in his charter-chest and be kept secret except from a few.
quartic	The quartic has four equal roots, that is to say, is a perfect fourth power, when the Hessian vanishes identically; and conversely.
quash	They moved to quash the indictment on which he was brought to trial.
quasar	At a distance of 1 billion light-years, Mrk 205 is a relatively nearby quasar.
quartzose	In this district, too, as has already been remarked, is the finest scenery of the Rhine, a fact due in great part to the grotesque shapes of the quartzose rocks, left denuded of the less durable slate and sandstone.
quassia	The original quassia was officially recognized in the London Pharmacopoeia of 1788.
quasi	In Egypt Mehemet Ali had succeeded in establishing himself as quasi independent ruler of the country.
quatrain	Unfortunately, the original quatrain stated nothing of the sort.
quaternion	Thus every quaternion may be written in the form q = Sq+Vq, where either Sq or Vq may separately vanish; so that ordinary algebraic quantities (or scalars, as we shall call them) and pure vectors may each be regarded as special cases of quaternions.
quay	The Circular Quay at the head of Sydney Cove is 1300 ft.
quatrefoil	The aureola, when enveloping the whole body, is generally oval or elliptical in form, but is occasionally circular or quatrefoil.
quaternary	The great Hungarian plain is covered by Tertiary and Quaternary deposits, through which rise the Bakony-wald and the Mecsek ridge near Pecs (Funfkirchen).
quayage	The first dock (opened in 1846), the second (1859) and the third (1882) cover an area of '28 acres, with timber ponds of 44 acres and a total quayage of 2500 yards.
queen	You are the Queen of my heart.
quaver	It should be a dotted crotchet followed by a quaver tied to a crotchet followed by a quaver tied to a crotchet.
queasiness	She made one anyway and forced herself to eat it, blaming her recent trauma for her queasiness.
quebracho	The provinces of Santa Fe, Cordoba and Santiago del Estero are only partially wooded; large areas of plains are intermingled with scrubby forests of algarrobo (Prosopis), quebracho-blanco (Aspido-sperma quebracho), tala (Celtis tala, Sellowiana, acuminata), acacias and other genera.
queasy	A queasy feeling began in her stomach.
queer	They wore blue uniforms and queer little caps.
queenly	She was one of the Nereids, and distinguishable from the others only by her queenly attributes.
quayside	A small disused dock exists where the original quayside was.
queerly	So they unharnessed Jim and took the saddle off the Sawhorse, and the two queerly matched animals were stood side by side for the start.
quench	He drinks to quench his thirst, and that is all.
quell	Her words did nothing to quell the anger boiling within him.
quencher	This Super League thirst quencher, gives me a taste for Parisian adventure !
quartz	The rocks are probably of quartz, i.e.
query	Surely the Indians would guess that their query would eventually assemble.
questionable	Other insects visit the flower with more questionable result.
quenching	This quenching of the light of the world is symbolized at the service of Tenebrae in Holy Week by the placing on a stand before the altar of thirteen lighted tapers arranged pyramidally, the rest of the church being in darkness.
querulous	Her tone was now querulous and her lip drawn up, giving her not a joyful, but an animal, squirrel-like expression.
quern	The quern with rotary motion is late Roman,, and still used by Arabs.
questionnaire	Just follow the step-by-step instructions, which will guide you through the questionnaire.
questionably	Coverage is questionably ample in order to reveal a very sexy you to pool side passersby.
questioningly	Prince Vasili stared at her and at Boris questioningly and perplexed.
querent	In case of shared significators Moon, otherwise being a co-significator, signifies the querent to my knowledge.
questioner	He also appeared as the questioner on GSN's original game show Grand Slam in 2006.
quibble	Technically, it's Swami Associate but I won't quibble.
quiche	The lunch menu features quiche, seafood crepes and mixed salads.
quick	She took a quick step back.
quetzal	Later in the morning as we left Trogon Lodge we saw a sparkling male quetzal from the bus!
quickie	Or, you know, just a quickie in the moonlight.
quickly	I quickly accessed my options.
quibbling	He pays big bucks—cash on the spot, no quibbling!
queue	The queue to get in here is longer than you'd guess.
quicken	Unfortunately, there was nothing to quicken the healing of his neck.
question	The big question was, would her confidence last?
quicksand	When it is grounded to the floor, try to avoid the quicksand by doing multiple jumps.
quickness	It is to Jellinek that we owe the oft-repeated comparison of the Jewish temperament to that of women in its quickness of perception, versatility and sensibility.
quest	So where does that leave us in our quest to end disease?
quickset	In short, this is a country of hop-gardens, cherry, apple, pear, and filbert orchards, and quickset hedges.
quickstep	He was ruled out of the next game with a hamstring injury that was, according to Stan, sustained doing the quickstep.
quicktime	Most UNIX workstations, for instance, cannot view QuickTime movies.
quicksilver	Small quantities of quicksilver, sulphur and iron are obtained.
quiescence	It is a region of quiescence or of faulting, but not of folding.
quicklime	The halogens may be estimated by ignition with quicklime, or by heating with nitric acid and silver nitrate in a sealed tube.
quiet	You are quiet this morning, son.
quietly	They stood quietly for a moment.
quiescent	It has been quiescent since 1566, and is now completely extinct.
quietude	They lived in comparative quietude; although Herodotus knows the Palestinian coast he does not mention the Jews.
quietness	The quietness with which he spoke made Jessi feel bad for asking.
quill	And he went on writing, so that his quill spluttered and squeaked.
quietism	Quietism, name and thing, became the talk of all the world through the bitter and protracted controversy to which it gave rise between F&.nelon and Bossuet.
quietist	He was a quietist and an epicurean, and the closest parallel to Homer in the literature of the North.
quiff	The jeans come in an ultra skinny fit and are designed to be worn with brothel creepers, a leather jacket and a quiff.
quid	The king having asked, Quid distat inter sottum et Scottum ?
quieten	Ten grains taken at bedtime will often give sleep, cause free diaphoresis and quieten the entire nervous system in such cases.
quilling	Quilling is a great way to embellish and create cards.
quinary	The success it gained was doubtless due in some degree to the difficulty which most men had in comprehending it, for it was enwrapped in alluring mystery, but more to the confidence with which it was announced as being the long-looked-for key to the wonders of creation, since its promoters did not hesitate to term it the discovery of the Natural System, though they condescended, by way of explanation to less exalted intellects than their own, to allow it the more moderate appellation of the Circular or, Quinary System.
quincentenary	Before a performance in London Leading the College 's quincentenary celebrations The Organ Scholars The College has two Organ Scholars at any one time.
quin	For the stately declamation, the sonorous, and beyond a doubt impressive, chant of Quin and his fellows, Garrick substituted rapid changes of passion and humour in both voice and gesture, which held his audiences spellbound.
quincunx	In each section, seeds were sown in a quincunx pattern.
quince	Digging up some of these quince bushes.
quilt	He pulled off the quilt and shook it.
quinquennium	Italian trade with foreign countries (imports and exports) during the quinquennium 1872-1876 averaged 94,000,000 a year; in the quinquennium 1893f 897 it fell to 88,960,000 a year.
quinquennial	The department of Meurthe-et-Moselle (basins of Nancy and Longwy-Briey) furnished 84% of the total output during the quinquennial period 1901-1905, may be reckoned as one of the principal iron-producing regions of the world.
quinsy	According to ancient authorities, she was a goddess who relieved men from pain and sorrow, or delivered the Romans and their flocks from angina (quinsy); or she was the protecting goddess of Rome and the keeper of the sacred name of the city, which might not be pronounced lest it should be revealed to her enemies; it was even thought that Angerona itself was this name.
quinine	Euquinine is by some preferred to quinine, but it is more expensive.
quintessential	Grapefruit has long been the quintessential diet food.
quins	The new limited edition range is worn by the Quins squad and all items include the jester embroidered onto the garment.
quint	The octave quint which stands on the former harmonic flute slide is the old fifteenth, with five extra pipes at the bottom.
quintessentially	The program continues with Hayden's Oxford Symphony in which the Austrian composer lyrically sums up what he found to be quintessentially English.
quintal	Nominally, the import duties are moderate, so much so that Bolivia is sometimes called a free-trade country, but this is a misnomer, for in addition to the schedule rates of io to 40% ad valorem on imports, there are a consular fee of i-% for the registration of invoices exceeding 200 bolivianos, a consumption tax of 10 centavos per quintal (46 kilogrammes), fees for viseing certificates to accompany merchandise in transit, special octroi taxes on certain kinds of merchandise controlled by monopolies (spirits, tobacco, &c.), and the import and consumption taxes levied by the departments and municipalities.
quintile	Young men living in areas classified in the most deprived quintile had a significantly lower odds ratio.
quintic	Certain convariants of the quintic involve the same determinant factors as appeared in the system of the quartic; these are f, H, i, T and j, and are of special importance.
quintet	His own brass quintet is still on the back burner!
quintessence	And indeed, Gandalf is almost the quintessence of wizard-dom.
quirky	It's not soppy and is is full of quirky jokes and puns.
quire	It was common Anglo-Saxon practice to form a quire from four sheets of parchment - folded to make eight leaves.
quirk	By a quirk of history, we are still here.
quintuple	In the third game he revived a breakdown to complete a quintuple peel.
quit	I'm ready to quit already.
quite	It is quite near the park gate.
quip	Dean asked, ignoring Fred's quip.
quiver	He seemed to quiver at the suggestion.
quirinal	Paul began the famous Villa Borghese; enlarged the Quirinal and Vatican; completed the nave, facade and portico of St Peter's; erected the Borghese Chapel in Sta Maria Maggiore; and restored the aqueduct of Augustus and Trajan (Acqua Paolina).
quivered	His lips quivered and he began to cry.
quixotic	And the idea that you can halt climate change is wonderfully quixotic.
quitrent	On other estates the serfs' compulsory labor was commuted for a quitrent.
quits	Don't make me be the one to call it quits.
quitter	As I have told you before, God hates a quitter.
quiz	It sets a good poser for the next quiz night.
quivering	Martha bit her quivering lip and began to cry.
quod	He distinguishes between the quod est and the quo est.
quizzical	He lifted a quizzical brow.
quota	You've used up your quota of thank you's.
quizzes	Sarah is curious about the Approved School Service and quizzes the deputy headmaster, who is a progressive teacher and hell-bent on reform.
quizzically	He gazed down at her quizzically, a twinkle in his eyes.
quizzing	Magnitski starting quizzing Stolypin about his vehemence.
quondam	In point of fact the quondam advocate never disappeared in the Christian presbyter.
quoit	If the quoit that touches an object outside the court, the player that threw it loses the point.
quotable	Over 18 seasons, The Simpsons has introduced the world to memorable characters and hundreds of quotable comedic moments.
quorum	But enough members remained to give the legal quorum, and it was carried by 120 to 2 votes.
quran	Do you know how many surahs there are in the holy Quran?
qwerty	People who are coming from a BlackBerry or other similar device have grown much more accustomed to using a physical QWERTY keyboard, so the transition to the touchscreen virtual keyboard of the iPhone can be difficult.
quotidian	She hoped to not live a quotidian life, but one full of surprises and adventures.
qv	Kena (qv.), pop. 20,069, is on the east bank of the Nile, 45 m.
quotation	The brevity of the note and its lack of doctrinal significance prevented it from gaining frequent quotation in the early Christian literature, but it appears in Marcion's canon as well as in the Muratorian, whilst Tertullian mentions, and Origen expressly quotes it.
quotient	The first, and most important, is that the quotient is placed above the dividend.
rabbinic	Beginning in 1867 with the publication of Jacob ben Chajim's Introduction to the Rabbinic Bible, Hebrew and English, with notices, and the Massoreth HaMassoreth of Elias Levita, in Hebrew, with translation and commentary, Dr Ginsburg took rank as an eminent Hebrew scholar.
ra	The term was first applied to one of the treatises of Aristotle on the basis of the arrangement of the Aristotelian canon made by Andronicus of Rhodes, in which it was placed after the physical treatises with the description ra.
rabbit	For the rabbit, it was a bad day.
rabbinism	But they had reckoned without the isolating influence of Rabbinism.
rabbinate	He momentarily thought of entering the rabbinate, but he was unsuited to that career.
rabble	These grains the puddler welds together by means of his rabble FIG.
quote	To quote Tamer, there's too much bureaucracy.
rabbi	The father of the controversy may be said to be the Jewish rabbi, Aben Ezra, who died A.D.
rabelaisian	Paul Lacroix, the Rabelaisian legend does not so much err in principle as it invents in fact.
race	Such a race would not be fair.
racehorse	It was like watching a racehorse at full speed.
rac	Thus nearly all the east coast of Sicily, a great part of the south coast, and a much smaller part of the north, passed into the hands of Greek settlers - Siceliots (IcrcfXt&rac), as distinguished from the native Sicels.
rabies	We're treating her for rabies, just in case.
rabid	Wouldn't a rabid bobcat be noticed this close to LA?
raccoon	The fur of the skin itself is something like a dark silky raccoon, but is not as attractive as the tails.
racemose	Bulbous plants with a terminal racemose inflorescence; the anthers open introrsely and the capsule is loculicidal.
raceme	H the secondary floral axes give rise to tertiary ones, the raceme is branching, and forms a panicle, as in Yucca gloriosa.
racecourse	Adjacent are the parade ground and racecourse and the golf-links.
rachilla	It frequently extends downwards a little on the rachilla, forming with the latter a swollen callus, which is separated from the free portion by a furrow.
racial	It is wholly due, as such, to racial preparation.
racetrack	The game offers a variety of racetrack environments.
racer	The racer path must be level.
rack	The towels on the towel rack appeared to have their creases ironed into them.
racket	Rhyn made a racket in his cell.
rachis	Seed, attached to a branch of the rachis bearing two vegetative leaflets.
racketeering	Tops then rapidly for racketeering extortion dollar players get.
r	R seemed to be more distant but no less attentive, and perhaps under his veil of discretion, is even more technically adroit.
raconteur	He is such a good raconteur that the two books are very easy to read and enjoy.
racism	If you abhor racism, you can make a difference by fighting it.
racially	Racially the population in the East Prussian region numbers 428,000 Germans, 95,000 Poles and 172,000 Masurians, who are Sla y s but of the Protestant faith.
racking	In any,case it was a cruel blow to a man already broken by racking illness and domestic sorrows.
racquet	Basketball games with friends, racquet ball or even gymnastics, many people take part in activities that offer exercise as part of the package for the sake of personal enjoyment and the fun it brings.
rad	Armed with a rad pistol and a seriously deranged psyche, Lister II becomes the most terrifying threat the crew have ever faced.
racist	The cruel and racist ethos of Germany in the early 20th century is still remembered today.
racy	It is possible to learn from them more regarding the social and political condition of the period than perhaps from any other source, for they abound, not only in exposures of religious abuses, and of the prevailing corruptions of society, but in references to many varieties of social injustice and unwise customs, in racy sketches of character, and in vivid pictures of special features of the time, occasionally illustrated by interesting incidents in his own life.
radar	I could drop off the radar for a time.
radially	The layers appear to be made up of elements which are arranged radially.
radiant	A closed stove acts mainly by convection; though when heated to a high temperature it gives out radiant heat.
radian	Radian measure Most people usually learn to measure an angle in degrees.
radiation	They got a dose of radiation poisoning.
radiance	Then the sun will appear in all his radiance and fill the world with light.
racing	He turned in time to see someone racing away.
radiative	Both problems are crucial to understand the radiative properties of desert dust aerosol.
radically	Let's continue to explore how it may be radically different.
radiate	From this park the streets and avenues radiate in all directions.
radiator	I need to check the water in my radiator before we leave.
radial	The male gonads are carried on the radial canals.
radicalism	His theological radicalism had in any case never found many convinced adherents.
radio	The radio had shifted into Christmas mode with one song after another.
radii	Circles of these radii are usually marked around the jack for convenience' sake.
radioactivity	No specific standard radioactivity total indicative dose tritium Anglian Water supplies have been assessed as very low risk.
radicle	Cotyledons opened to show the radicle a, and the plumule.
radioactive	In this case too it is associated with radioactive matter, which is almost ubiquitous.
radiograph	A chest radiograph revealed left sided pleural effusion with mediastinal emphysema.
radiography	Radiography has done great things for surgery; for medicine its services are already appreciable, and may prove more and more valuable hereafter.
radiogram	The circuit board from a Symphony battery powered radiogram.
radical	Since 1870 there have been five radical changes made in New South Wales.
radiologist	For non-urgent outpatient MRI scans, the radiologist interprets the images and sends a report to the referring physician within a few days.
radioisotope	X-ray radiation can be generated using radioisotope sources or X-ray tubes.
radiolocation	Letters to the Editor Mine shaft comms, flashgun slave unit, instructional graphics for radiolocation, radiolocation history, polish translator wanted.
radiometer	Utilizing this principle he constructed the radiometer, which he was at first disposed to regard as a machine that directly transformed light into motion, but which was afterwards perceived to depend on thermal action.
radiometric	Radiometric corrections may be necessary due to variations in scene illumination and viewing geometry, atmospheric conditions, and sensor noise and response.
radionuclide	The emission of most radionuclide neutron sources is not isotropic.
radiology	Papers are refereed and there is space for all varieties of topic, including radiology.
radiopaque	Some disorders cannot be diagnosed without the use of radiopaque dyes.
radiosonde	Atmospheric profiles will be measured using tethered balloon and radiosonde launches.
radiotherapy	Cancer may require treatment using surgery, radiotherapy, or chemotherapy.
radish	Add sultanas and sliced radish too, if you like.
radix	The output radix must be at least 2. The precision must be zero or greater.
radome	The nose radome came from the Reconnaissance pod supplied in the Matchbox Phantom kit.
radium	Radium is analgesic and bactericidal in its action.
raff	The important small published works are Eine Faust Overture (1839-1840; rewritten, 1855); the Siegfried Idylle (an exquisite serenade for small orchestra on themes from the finale of Siegfried, written as a surprise for Frau Wagner in 1870); the Kaisermarsch (1871), the Huldigungsmarsch (1864) for military band (the scoring of the concert-version finished by Raff); Fiinf Gedichte (1862), a set of songs containing two studies for Tristan; and the early quasi-oratorio scene for male-voice chorus and full orchestra, Das Liebesmahl der Apostel (1843).
raffish	At first, the television service had no money and it was regarded as a rather raffish arm of the BBC.
raf	It was the RAF's first truly supersonic fighter.
radon	Being a gas radon can seep from the rock into the air.
raffle	She was gabbing and smiling as two men filled out raffle tickets.
raffia	Artificial raffia is often used to make grass skirts because it is both affordable and durable.
radula	The radula has 160 rows of teeth with twelve teeth in each row.
rafter	I landed on the floor with the rope still tied to the rafter.
rage	His cold rage terrified her.
raft	Take a seat in the raft and float down the river.
ragged	Her breathing was ragged, tears on her face.
rafting	Hiking and rafting are among the most popular things to do here.
raggedly	She retreated to her apartment, breathing raggedly, with cold tears stiffening her cheeks.
rag	He had this rag wrapped around his right hand.
raga	It rises, as the Boro or Telgona, in Dar Fertit, and receives from the south and south-west the Raga, Sopo, Chel and Bongo.
ragman	The Ragman's Roll contains sworn submissions of all probi homines outside of the western thoroughly Celtic region; and, in October 1296, Edward returned to England, with Baliol his prisoner, leaving Scotland in the hands of the earl of Surrey as guardian, Cressingham as treasurer, and Ormsby as justiciary.
raging	The battle had been raging for some time.
ragtag	In the 1970s version of Battlestar Galactica, the Colonials (humans) escaped the Cylons by retreating to the stars in a ragtag fleet of Battlestar Galactica ships.
raglan	This is a Grecian building (1785), with a richly ornamented ceiling and inlaid altarpavement; it also contains much fine sculpture in the memorials to former dukes, and is the burial-place of Field Marshal Lord Raglan, who was the youngest son of the 5th duke of Beaufort.
ragtime	You'll see a bit of western and a little bit of ragtime.
ragstone	Mantell in the Wealden formation of Sussex, and a large part of the skeleton, lacking the head, was subsequently discovered in a block of ragstone in the Lower Greensand near i Skeleton of Iguanodon bernissartensis.
radius	Atlanta was laid out in the form of a circle, the radius being 14 m.
ragwort	Look out for wild carrot, white clover, weld, ragwort, thistle and black knapweed.
raider	Next will be the Contra theme or Tomb Raider.
railhead	At once Christchurch became the railhead for Bournemouth, In 1863 an act was obtained for a 3½ mile extension to Bournemouth.
ragweed	The trees which form dense forest and scrub in southern Patagonia and in Fuegia are absent, and one of the largest plants on the islands is a gigantic woolly ragweed (Senecio candicans) which attains in some places a height of 3 to 4 ft..
railway	The city has a station on the North Western railway 32 m.
raid	He couldn't have planned the Indian raid, though.
railing	He was leaning over the railing overlooking the massive marble foyer.
raillery	Many of her young friends ventured on a little gentle raillery.
rain	The rain on the roof was soothing.
rainbow	It looked like a Rainbow Trout.
raiment	God will give food and raiment to those who are seeking His kingdom.
railroading	Special commissioners were to have concurrent jurisdiction with the U.S. circuit and district courts and the inferior courts of Territories in enforcing the law; fugitives could not testify in their own behalf; no trial by jury was provided; i The precise amount of organization in the Underground Railroad cannot be definitely ascertained because of the exaggerated use of the figure of railroading in the documents of the presidents of the road, Robert Purvis and Levi Coffin, and of its many conductors, and their discussion of the packages and freight shipped by them.
raincoat	A raincoat or other raingear, including an umbrella.
raindrop	Large ' raindrop ' beads appear in the glass with a rich gold coloring from the refill sherry hogshead.
raise	I can raise the baby...
rainless	The greater part is within the almost rainless zone.
raiser	Their greatest social obligation had been the local church fund raiser.
rainwear	All over the land girls were unzipping their breathable rainwear.
raisin	They took part in the operations at Fort Wayne, Fort Meigs, the river Raisin and the Thames.
raja	The Dharm raja succeeds as an incarnation of the deity.
rainfall	The average rainfall at Perth is 33 in.
rail	I tried to touch a hand rail next to me, but I just passed through it!
raj	He remained throughout unflinchingly loyal to the British Raj, and by his vast and unquestioned influence among the frontier tribes on the northern borders of India he exercised a control over their unruly passions in times of trouble, which proved of invaluable service in the several expeditions led by British arms on the north-west frontier of India.
rainy	It was a warm, rainy, autumnal day.
rajah	The rajah of Patala at the apex of the Indus delta abandoned his country and fled.
rake	I remember seeing some pictures of Granddad on an old rake like that.
raking	Salt raking is the staple industry.
raised	He raised his brows.
raising	Talon responded by raising her arm to his mouth.
rakish	He caught her sharp intake of breath and gave her a rakish smile as she blushed.
ramadan	This prince entered Bagdad in the;month of Ramadan A.H.
railroad	The railroad is close enough now that wagons can reach it from Ashley faster than we can cross the desert.
ramble	It is then a steady ramble back to familiar environs.
rambunctious	Our new puppy turned out to be more rambunctious than we bargained for.
rally	Maybe I could rally for a little nightcap after all.
rambling	It is a rambling structure now occupied by the National Museum.
rambler	By the public the Rambler was at first very coldly received.
ramification	He clearly did not think of the inevitable ramification for his unwise action.
ram	The sight of the white dodge ram truck threw her pulse into high gear.
ramified	It consists of arteries, veins and sinuses, but ramified capillaries are usually absent except in the integuments of Cephalopods.
ramie	Aloes and ramie are cultivated to some extent for their fibre.
ramekin	Put a dessertspoon of the cooled strained rhubarb into four glass ramekin dishes.
ramify	From this branches pass into the middle region of the cortex and ramify through the interior half of its cells.
rampage	It goes on a wild rampage of destruction, blowing the city apart.
ramose	At thirteen, she is under pressure to marry ramose, a dull, plodding stone-cutter.
ramming	In starting the furnace, the bottom is prepared by ramming it with charcoal-powder that has been soaked in milk of lime and dried, so that each particle is coated with a film of lime, which serves to reduce the loss of current by conduction through the lining when the furnace becomes hot.
ramp	Later, though probably in ancient times, a ramp was added on the northern side.
ramshackle	It has a slightly ramshackle atmosphere, which adds to the charm.
rampion	Rampion (Phyteuma) - The Rampions are neat, pretty, and interesting plants of the Bellflower order, with small flowers in profusion.
ramrod	I had an offer to ramrod a horse ranch in Texas.
rampart	It is surrounded by a rampart and moat, with five gates, and contains fine palaces, temples and tombs.
rampant	Rumors continued to be rampant about his alleged culpability in Billy Langstrom's death.
ramus	In front of it the narrow waist is formed by the soft sternal area of the praegenital somite; 2, the sternite of the 2 second opisthosomatic somite covering the posterior pair of lung-sacs; and 4, the spinning appendages (limbs) of the opisthosoma; a, inner, b, outer ramus of the appendage; I I, sternite of the eleventh --
rancorous	Warburton's manner of dealing with opponents was both insolent and rancorous, but it did him no disservice.
rancho	Have to shell out main event followed rancho san rafael.
ranchman	Clowes; The Rough Riders (1899); Oliver Cromwell (1901); the following works on hunting and natural history, Hunting Trips of a Ranchman (1886), Ranch Life and Hunting Trail (1888), The Wilderness Hunter (1893), Big Game Hunting in the Rockies and on the Plains (1899; a republication of Hinting Trips of a Ranchman and The Wilderness Hunter), The Deer Family (1902), with other authors, and African Game Trails (1910); and the essays, American Ideals (2 vols., 1897) and The Strenuous Life (1900); and State Papers and Addresses (1905) and African and European Addresses (1910).
rancher	He looked like a rancher in his faded denim jeans and plaid shirt.
rancidity	A definite bacillus to which the peculiarly fine flavour of certain butters is due, is said to be largely employed in pure cultures in American dairies, and in Denmark certain butters are said to keep fresh much longer owing to the use of pure cultures and the treatment employed to suppress the forms which cause rancidity.
rancid	Sarah scrunched up her face as if she smelled something rancid.
ranch	He was working on the ranch, fifteen miles away.
rancour	Princely favour being withdrawn, private rancour was free to show itself.
randomization	In the 60's, the layout was changed from its original version giving more variety and randomization to the game play.
randomness	Shuffle randomness and are reminiscent of and nine the.
randomly	The furniture landed randomly around the room.
rand	The Rand reefs, first mined in 1886, cover a large area.
randy	Randy must have been a really good kid.
rank	The soldier looked over his subdued rank then at Dan and Elise.
ranked	In his treatment of women the aboriginal may be ranked lower than even the Fuegians.
rani	The rani of Jhansi also rose in rebellion, to become known as the best man upon the side of the enemy.
ranidae	The tree-frogs, Hylidae, with which the arboreal Ranidae were formerly grouped, show in their anatomical structure a close resemblance to the toads, Bufonidae, and are therefore placed far away from the true frogs, however great the superficial resemblance between them.
random	He turned Random back and headed for the camp.
ranger	He was elected to the House of Representatives of the last Royal .Assembly of New Hampshire and then to the second Continental Congress in 1775, and was a member of the first Naval Committee of the latter, but he resigned in 1776, and in June 1776 became Congress's agent of prizes in New Hampshire and in 1778 continental (naval) agent of Congress in this state, where he supervised the building of John Paul Jones's Ranger (completed in June 1777), the America, launched in 1782, and other vessels.
ransack	They'll ransack that castle, he remarked with evident approval.
ransom	There are lots of unsolved cases, kidnappings for ransom too.
rant	She listened to his rant, peppered with language no kid Toby's age should hear.
rap	It was agreed that one rap should mean no and three yes, while more complicated messages were - and are - obtained in other ways, such as calling over or pointing to letters of the alphabet, when raps occur at the required letters.
rapacious	His rapacious hunger built as his fangs began their descent.
ranunculaceae	In that case either very little secondary tissue is formed, as in the gourds, some Ranunculaceae, &c., or a considerable amount may be produced (clematis, barberry, ivy).
ranunculus	The alpine flora, beginning at 6000 ft., is specially characterized by its rhododendrons, pines (Araucaria and Libocedrus), and palms, by numerous superb species of Agapetes (Ericaceae), and on the summits by an extraordinary association of species characteristically European (Rubus, Ranunculus, Leontodon, Aspidium), Himalayan, New Zealandian (Veronica), Antarctic and South American (Drymus, Libocedrus).
rapacity	All alike were subject to the rapacity of their gaolers and the extortions of their fellows.
rapid	Astonished, she watched the rapid battle.
rapier	And what does this sharp rapier of light represent, as a picture?
range	Get yourself to the range and learn to shoot.
raphe	The levatores ani have been separated along the median raphe, and drawn outwards.
rape	If a woman says no and a man does it anyway, isn't that rape?
rapport	She can quickly establish a good rapport with the children she works with.
rapine	All Northmen were not bent on rapine and plunder; mary were peaceful merchants.
rapist	Willard Humphries, confessed rapist, began to yawn.
rapporteur	The team worked closely with the project rapporteur, glass artist Sasha Ward.
raphia	The chief trade is in, and the principal exports are, palm oil and kernels, rubber, cotton, maize, groundnuts (Arachis), shea-butter from the Bassia parkii (Sapotaceae), fibres of the Raphia vinifera, and the Sansevieria guineensis, indigo, and kola nuts, ebony and other valuable wood.
rappel	Just rappel down and climb back up.
rapidity	Vibrations increase in rapidity as a note rises and decrease as it falls.
rapt	She gazed at the room in rapt silence.
rapture	Coleridge received with rapture his new friend's scheme of Pantisocracy.
rapturous	Sonya now was sixteen and she was very pretty, especially at this moment of happy, rapturous excitement.
raptor	Inverted coasters, such as Raptor at Cedar Point, often have multiple inversions and loops.
raptorial	The results of my work showed that the only effective and long-term solution was to encourage raptorial birds by erecting perches.
rapturously	The Emperor was in very good spirits after his ride through Vilna, where crowds of people had rapturously greeted and followed him.
rapprochement	During his ministry he developed the rapprochement of France with Russia - visiting St Petersburg with the president, Felix Faure - and sent expeditions to delimit the French colonies in Africa.
rarely	She rarely left the house and lived in the library.
rarefaction	The heat communication is then chiefly in the quarter vibration just preceding greatest rarefaction, and the vibration is not maintained.
rarity	Crystals are found as a rarity in the amygdaloidal cavities of igneous rocks.
rapidly	She ran rapidly toward him.
rarebit	A Buck rarebit is a welsh rarebit with a fried egg on top.
raring	I would have been as nervous as a mouse on a cheese hunt at her age but Molly is raring to go.
rascality	It is not exactly stupidity, nor rascality....
rascally	The rascally Cardinal Coscia, who had deluded Benedict, was at once brought to justice and forced to disgorge his dishonest gains.
rashness	In later years he attributed his want of success to the immature style of his early exposition, to the rashness of a young innovator in an old and well-established province of literature.
rashly	The military rashly interfered, and several innocent spectators were shot.
rascal	He is a hypocrite, a rascal who has himself roused the people to riot.
rarefied	This phenomenon is connected with the fact that incandescent bodies, especially in rarefied gases, throw off or emit electrons or gaseous negative ions.
rasher	A thick rasher of gammon or ham will take about 5 minutes on each side.
rasping	His rasping half volley flew narrowly past the post with the keeper standing.
rasp	His voice echoed a graveled rasp, Tell us all you know of Victor.
raspy	His voice was raspy from his own lack of sleep.
raster	Click the OK button to create the reprojected raster.
rare	You have a rare ability among our kind.
ratable	In the majority report it was stated that, in order to place agricultural lands in their right position as compared with other ratable properties, it is essential that they should be assessed to all local rates in a reduced proportion of their ratable value.
raspberry	Huckleberry, blackberry and raspberry bushes are common in the north sections.
rataplan	Pocahontas, perhaps the most remarkable mare in the Stud-Book, never won a race on the turf, but threw Stockwell and Rataplan to the Baron, son of Birdcatcher, King Tom to Harkaway, Knight of St Patrick to Knight of St George, and Knight of Kars to Nutwith-all these horses being 16 hands high and upwards, while Pocahontas was a long low mare of about 15 hands or a trifle more.
rash	It was a rash thing to do.
rate	At any rate, it was none of her business.
ratan	It was confirmed to Ratan Singh in 1811 by the British government for the usual deed of allegiance.
ratatouille	Mix in the remaining 1 tbsp chopped parsley and serve with the hot courgette ratatouille.
rather	No, if one of us has to get snowed in up here, I'd rather it was me.
rater	The general sense of the verb rater is to fail, as in, Je ne veux pas rater.
rat	Rat did kill baby pigeons.
rateable	The rateable value is about 4,000,000.
ratchet	He wanted her to fight him, to ratchet up the levels of agony.
ratio	The ratio of criminal proceedings to population is, as a rule, much higher in the south than in the north.
rath	On the north-east side of the town there is a rath or encampment 70 ft.
ratify	The president of Nicaragua adhered to this treaty, but the National Congress refused to ratify it.
rational	The gut wrenching pain left him unable to process any rational thought.
ratification	He was an enthusiastic advocate of the Federal constitution, and in 1788 exerted strong influence to secure its ratification by his native state.
ratiocination	Reason is called common sense to distinguish it from ratiocination with uses logic and rational reasoning.
ration	The sailors on board HMS ships had a daily ration.
rationale	It is the mode, or rationale, of all progress from the lower to the highest unity or identification.
rationalism	It is evident that he carried rationalism in religion to an extent that seems hardly consistent with his position as a priest of the English Church.
rationalize	Herodotus of Heraclea struggled to rationalize mythology, and established chronology on a solid basis.
rationalization	This conference looks at the different approaches to becoming network centric, and provides a forum for discussing funding, rationalization and convergence.
rationals	A real number is a class (a, say) of rational numbers which satisfies the condition that it is the same as the class of those rationals each of which precedes at least one member of a.
rationality	Rationality is continuous throughout.
rationalist	It is impossible in reading Erasmus not to be reminded of the rationalist of the 18th century.
rationing	Agree a list of key words, e.g. rationing, evacuation, air raid, Anderson shelter.
ratite	Lastly must be noted the extinct tall Ratite species of Aepyornis with its several fancy genera.
rationalistic	In the 9th century IIivi of Balkh wrote a rationalistic treatise 3 on difficulties in the Bible, which was refuted by Seadiah.
rattan	Sun damage causes wicker and rattan chairs to be dry and brittle.
rattling	If that was all he wanted, he was rattling the wrong cage.
raucous	Even at this hour a piano was pounding out a raucous tune in one of the three saloons.
rating	Later the rating was by guns.
ratter	The Jack Russell is an excellent ratter and is very much a working terrier in the truest sense of the word.
raunchy	One person's raunchy may be another person's tame.
rattlesnake	The prairie rattlesnake is common in the dry plains country.
raven	Thunder tumbled down the San Juan Mountains, heralding the arrival of pelting rain that turned the Jeep road into a surging stream and the sky to an ominous shade of raven black.
rattle	Let's go get your rattle trap home.
ravenous	As time goes on, your pet will develop a ravenous appetite.
ratty	She gets so ratty, all I want is my Mom back.
ravel	In the last nine months I have had to ravel 9,750 miles to see my children regularly.
ravening	He says, Beware of false prophets which come to you in sheep 's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves.
ravine	Casually, he began leading the horse along the ravine again.
raving	We must cease raving if we are sons of our Fatherland!
ravage	Though feeding largely on worms and insects they ravage gardens and fields, on which account they are detested by the colonists.
ravishing	That was the first time he had ever neglected to tell her how ravishing she was.
raver	We even had a hardcore raver on stage with his glowsticks!
ravisher	Who the original lover was is doubtful; the Vita Gildae relates how she was carried off by Melwas, king of Aestiva Regis, to Glastonbury, whither Arthur, at the head of an army, pursued the ravisher.
ravenously	It was spring and she was ravenously hungry.
raveling	To keep the fabric from raveling, either sew the edges on a sewing machine or use one of the products sold to prevent fraying.
rave	The room was jam packed with people at the free rave.
ravioli	Lunch items range from tuna tartar for $12 to pumpkin ravioli for $18.
rawness	There is no rawness nor imperfection in its edge there, as where the axe has cleared a part, or a cultivated field abuts on it.
rayah	Possibly, as its form suggests, it is based on the imperial crown and symbolized at the outsgt the quasi - sovereignty over the rayah population which Mahommed II.
raze	We raze the place.
razor	He tucked the razor in his shirt pocket.
rayon	The bag is lined in black water marked rayon fabric.
rawhide	Most dogs love chewing on rawhide bones.
razz	Razz is similar to 7-card stud in almost every aspect.
re	I re played the recording of our aborted final session and had judged it incorrectly when I first listened.
rayed	Its plumage for the most part is of a pale buff colour, rayed and speckled with black and reddish brown.
razzmatazz	It had razzmatazz, a vibrant atmosphere and the vendors and purchasers all had a great day.
reach	Sometimes that's the only way you can reach each other.
react	She expected him to react, but he didn't.
reachable	If he or she isn't reachable by phone, try showing up at the office.
reaction	We could tell by his reaction the news wasn't good.
raw	Jonny's voice was young and raw again.
reabsorption	Experimental work shows that losartan (tho not its active metabolite) competitively inhibits urate reabsorption in the renal proximal tubule.
reactant	A high temperature from a match or spark etc., gives the reactant molecules enough kinetic energy to overcome the activation energy * .
rc	These four stars, in the order a, 13, 7, rc, form an approximate rectangle.
reactivate	An email will be sent to that address with a special link, allowing you to reactivate the account with a new password.
reactance	Each of the elements has a variable reactance which must be altered to produce the desired performance.
ray	At last he saw a ray of light far ahead of him.
read	Read books that are true.
reactivation	Reactivation of the infection in healthy individuals is extremely rare.
reactive	The metal is very reactive chemically.
reactionary	Under the Restoration he became a peer of France, but protested against the reactionary spirit of the government, and remained in opposition.
readable	Their campaigns are told in a readable way with the advantage of technical knowledge by Ad.
reading	He was always reading, learning, inquiring.
reactor	The problems also affected the Mayak reactor and reprocessing complex.
reactivity	The aldehydes are characterized by their great chemical reactivity.
readjust	Figure out what went wrong and readjust.
readership	This is primarily because the banners and pennons will be seen by a targeted readership interested in the advertiser 's products and services.
readdress	We need to readdress what constitutes a water hazard or danger.
readjustment	The second method is free from the objection of non-coincidence in focus of the images, but is more troublesome in practice from the necessity for frequent readjustment of the position of the eye-piece.
readmit	You take the bounty off Rhyn's head and readmit him to whatever weird immortal society you belong to AND I get to leave whenever I want.
readiness	You have experienced my readiness to reward you.
readmission	Here he held several councils for the discussion of the affairs of the church, especially for grave questions as to the rebaptism of heretics, and the readmission into the church of the lapsi, or those who had fallen; away through fear during the heat of the persecution.
reaffirm	The results of this survey reaffirm the importance of milk as a source of several micronutrients.
real	The real surprise came with his presence in the delivery room.
reafforestation	If the available water-power of Italy, already very considerable, be harnessed, converted into electric power (which is already being done in some districts), and further increased by reafforestation, the effect upon the industries of Italy will be incalculable, and the importation of coal will be very materially diminished.
reagent	The colourproducing reagent is added and the tints compared.
readily	We all readily agreed.
realgar	Arsenic, in its well-known and beautiful forms, orpiment and realgar, is found in New South Wales and Victoria.
realist	Horatius Flaccus or Horace (68-8) is both the realist and the idealist of his age.
realise	Here the attempt was made to realise Matthisson's ideals.
realign	They can also be taken after a course of medication to realign the subtle bodies and generally re-balance the energy systems.
realignment	Now that the family is undergoing a major realignment, both parties will have to establish a new set of criteria in regards to parenting.
ready	Let's get the kids ready to go.
reader	Will you be a reader, a student merely, or a seer?
reaffirm	The results of this survey reaffirm the importance of milk as a source of several micronutrients.
reading	He was always reading, learning, inquiring.
readmit	You take the bounty off Rhyn's head and readmit him to whatever weird immortal society you belong to AND I get to leave whenever I want.
ready	Let's get the kids ready to go.
readership	This is primarily because the banners and pennons will be seen by a targeted readership interested in the advertiser 's products and services.
readjust	Figure out what went wrong and readjust.
readmission	Here he held several councils for the discussion of the affairs of the church, especially for grave questions as to the rebaptism of heretics, and the readmission into the church of the lapsi, or those who had fallen; away through fear during the heat of the persecution.
reagent	The colourproducing reagent is added and the tints compared.
readiness	You have experienced my readiness to reward you.
reafforestation	If the available water-power of Italy, already very considerable, be harnessed, converted into electric power (which is already being done in some districts), and further increased by reafforestation, the effect upon the industries of Italy will be incalculable, and the importation of coal will be very materially diminished.
realise	Here the attempt was made to realise Matthisson's ideals.
realgar	Arsenic, in its well-known and beautiful forms, orpiment and realgar, is found in New South Wales and Victoria.
realign	They can also be taken after a course of medication to realign the subtle bodies and generally re-balance the energy systems.
realignment	Now that the family is undergoing a major realignment, both parties will have to establish a new set of criteria in regards to parenting.
realize	Do you realize how close you came to running right into a bear?
realm	And the sky was a fairy realm like the earth.
readily	We all readily agreed.
realist	Horatius Flaccus or Horace (68-8) is both the realist and the idealist of his age.
really	You look really tired.
reality	I was shocked at how harsh reality can be.
realizable	Personal good is perceived to be realizable only by making actual the conceptions thus arrived at.
real	The real surprise came with his presence in the delivery room.
realness	Even Bonaventure's boss, the shoot-first-think-later bureaucratic numbskull Pete Aristos, has a delightful sense of realness to him.
realpolitik	In his time, however, he was as notorious for his rampant nepotism and brutal Realpolitik.
realism	His realism enables him to maintain the reality of Time, and so of the process of the world's redemption.
ream	However, to produce the Web site in a hard copy would take almost a ream of paper.
realty	The chief sources of revenue are taxes on realty, personalty and corporations, a poll-tax, and licences.
reamer	In addition to the appliances mentioned the tools comprise reamers to enlarge the bore of the well, the winged-substitute which is fitted above the bit to prevent it from glancing off, and above the round reamer to keep it in place, a temper-screw with clamps and wrenches.
reaping	The sowing and planting season is from June to August, and the reaping season from December to February.
readjustment	The second method is free from the objection of non-coincidence in focus of the images, but is more troublesome in practice from the necessity for frequent readjustment of the position of the eye-piece.
reaper	In 1884, at Shrewsbury, a prize of £Ioo was awarded for a sheafbinding reaper, and one of £50 for a similar machine.
reappearance	These events were the signal for the reappearance of al-Alfi.
realization	The realization came slow and late, but clear.
realistic	For some reason, he experienced a very realistic vision.
reappear	But his authority was scarcely respected in his own residence, for several Turkish amirs assumed independence and could only be subdued by Mongol aid, when they retired to the mountains, to reappear as soon as the Mongols were gone.
reap	Plants are ready to reap in just three to five years.
reappointment	The duke of Dorset's reappointment to the lord-lieutenancy in 1751, with his son Lord George Sackville as secretary of state for Ireland, strengthened the primate's position and enabled him to triumph over the popular party on the constitutional question as to the right of the Irish House of Commons to dispose of surplus Irish revenue, which the government maintained was the property of the Crown.
rearmost	Hidden behind the rear door's rearmost frame upright, access gained via a scoop in the clear polycarbonate rearmost side windows.
rearrange	This was burnt mouth-down in the oven., and the ashes on the ground reduced the red haematite to black magnetic oxide of iron; some traces of carbonyl in the ash helped to rearrange the magnetite as a brilliant mirror-like surface of intense black.
reasonable	It was a reasonable concern.
rearrangement	In spite of the immense rearrangement of parts there was no breach of continuity.
rearward	In the cabin Big windscreen, with rearward visibility improved by dynamic flex mirrors.
rearguard	Promoted Ferik (lieutenant-general) for this feat, he continued to command Suleiman's rearguard with distinction.
rearing	For the rearing of sheep Kent is one of the chief counties in England.
rear	Once again the rear end was on solid ground.
reasonableness	Even granting the reasonableness of the triple manifestation of the Divine Spirit, how is one to reconcile all these idolatrous practices, this worship of countless gods and godlings, demons and spirits indwelling in every imaginable object round about us, with the pantheistic doctrine of the Ekam Advitiyam, the One without a Second ?
reasoner	However, a cautious reasoner will probably rather explain such cases deductively from the doctrine of evolution than endeavour to support the doctrine of evolution by them.
reasoned	Alex reasoned that she simply didn't want to be left behind.
reassuring	Alex smiled down at him in a reassuring way.
reassemble	I always reassemble it completely so there is no need to fuss before juicing.
reassess	Learn to take a step back and reassess situations.
reassert	As native influences, however, began to reassert themselves in the Nile valley, Alexandria gradually became an alien city, more and more detached from Egypt; and, losing much of its commerce as the peace of the empire broke up during the 3rd century A.D., it declined fast in population and splendour.
reassume	On the 1st of May 305, the day of Diocletian's abdication, he also, but without his colleague's sincerity, divested himself of the imperial dignity at Mediolanum (Milan), which had been his capital, and retired to a villa in Lucania; in the following year, however, he was induced by his son Maxentius to reassume the purple.
reasonably	He was a reasonably good swim­mer.
reassure	She leaned back on the couch instead, trying to reassure him with a weak smile.
reasoning	He considered her reasoning and then sighed.
reason	He had no reason to worry.
reassurance	It wasn't the reassurance she hoped for.
reawaken	Easter is the perfect time of year to reawaken your crafty side.
rebel	He was once again the rebel commander and not her Guardian.
rebate	A rebate of 3% is granted on imports from Great Britain.
rebirth	This is the symbol of p baptism as rebirth as children of Light.
reboot	It will just need a quick reboot in the morning.
reborn	Whatever her plan was, she probably didn't expect to be reborn as what you are now.
rebound	I asked as I tasted my bourbon on the rebound.
rebuff	Irritated at his mate's rebuff, he whispered, Where are you?
rebuild	It was time to fall back and rebuild another.
rebuilding	Giovanni, a monster of cruelty and lust, was assassinated by some Milanese nobles in 1412; and now Filippo set about rebuilding his fathers duchy.
rebuilt	The old castle was largely rebuilt in the 19th century.
rebuke	It was unfair to punish him, but his rebuke still stung.
rebus	An English translation of the De rebus christianorum was published by Murdock in 1851.
rebut	The categorical charges made in the document rebut this plea.
rec	It is instructive to observe in Egypt the form which old traditions have taken in Manetho (Maspero, Rec. de travaux, xxvii., 1905, 1.22 seq.); cf.
rebuttal	No one had a rebuttal.
recalcitrant	Matter was a potentially recalcitrant element.
recalculation	I spend less time waiting for Excel to do a recalculation of my formulas today than I did on my 386 in the 1990s, even though my spreadsheets are thousands of times more complex.
recant	Attempts were made by the officials to induce him to recant, but without effect.
recantation	But after his recantation his detention was made less severe and he was allowed many alleviations.
recap	Recap your message at the end of your letter to remind the reader of the purpose of your letter and of any actions they need to take.
recapitulate	It is now necessary first to recapitulate the chief points in the problem, and then to attempt to explain them by a comparison of the myths of various races.
recede	After a century and ft half it began to recede rather than to advance.
recall	She definitely didn't recall this place.
recapitulation	Joachim was the first to apply the recapitulation theory to Revelation.
receivable	He refused to follow the financial policy of his party in 1862, and delivered a notable speech against the passage of the Legal Tender Act, which made a certain class of treasury notes receivable for all public and private debts.
recapture	All now set off together to recapture Havre from the English.
received	A cold pillow received her hand.
recast	The Gnostic recast Lipsius dates about the middle of the 3rd century.
receipt	He ran down the receipt that was found in Byrne's car.
receive	You shall receive proper pay for your work.
receiver	She picked the receiver up on the fifth ring.
receivership	If the person acting on the claimant's behalf has power of attorney or receivership they need not apply to become an appointee.
recent	This memory was recent and came easily.
recension	In the last-mentioned work he seeks to prove that the St Petersburg Codex, for so many years accepted as the genuine text of the Babylonian school, is in reality a Palestinian text carefully altered so as to render it conformable to the Babylonian recension.
recently	You have been in Paris recently, I believe?
receptacle	The disks fall down the tube G to a receptacle on the floor.
receptivity	Pusey indeed studied under Eichhorn, and in his Historical Enquiry into the probable causes of the Rationalist Character lately predominant in German Theology (1828-1830) speaks sympathetically of the attitude of the Reformers on the question of Scripture and in condemnation of the later Protestant scholastic doctrine; but even in this book he shows no receptivity for any of the actual critical conclusions of Eichhorn and his successors, and subsequently threw the weight of his learning against critical conclusions - notably in his Commentary on Daniel (1864).
receptive	You weren't very receptive last time.
receptor	Some tumors have higher estrogen receptor levels than others.
reception	There was a pleasant reception area.
receptionist	I'll tell my receptionist to make you an appointment for next week.
recess	School was back in session after the holiday recess so the rink was nearly empty.
recession	When the economy entered recession, the workhouse conditions had to be worsened more.
recessional	Ironically, we had chosen that song as our recessional before the burning incident.
recessive	It happened, however, that a recessive colour in one generation becomes the dominant in a succeeding one.
recharge	It takes 4 hours to fully recharge the batteries.
rechargeable	This rechargeable battery may not recharge on camera docking stations.
recidivism	Can Improved Access to Education in our Prisons Really reduce recidivism?
recipe	Anyone got a good recipe for cake-with-file?
recipient	He has also been the recipient of many foreign orders.
reciprocity	Various proposals on the part of Canada for a renewal of the reciprocity were not entertained.
reciprocal	This reciprocal silence is probably significant.
recirculation	The recirculation system had to be modified to prevent pigmentation being carried over by adding a hydraulic needle valve.
reciprocally	Between ten and eleven years ago there was an hypothesis of mine registered in your books, wherein I hinted a cause of gravity towards the earth, sun and planets, with the dependence of the celestial motions thereon; in which the proportion of the decrease of gravity from the superficies of the planet (though for brevity's sake not there expressed) can be no other than reciprocally duplicate of the distance from the centre.
recitation	Further, the work being intended for public recitation, some rhetorical embellishment was necessary, even at the cost of simplicity.
rebaptism	Here he held several councils for the discussion of the affairs of the church, especially for grave questions as to the rebaptism of heretics, and the readmission into the church of the lapsi, or those who had fallen; away through fear during the heat of the persecution.
rebellion	Alva was now free to deal with rebellion in the north.
rebellious	I shouldn't blame my rebellious moods on other people.
recitative	Recitative ( And God made the firmament ) Bass trombone and contrabassoon act as bass to wind band.
recite	According to the traditional view, which appears to be correct, it treats of a vision in which the Prophet receives an injunction to recite a revelation conveyed to him by the angel.
reciter	He was also distinguished as a reciter, and on a visit to the United States in 1871 read extracts from his works before large audiences.
reckless	The first to explore any portion of the mighty river was the reckless and daring adventurer Ordaz.
recklessness	As an official and a man of non-Russian extraction he had to be extremely reticent, but to his intimate friends he condemned severely the ignorance and light-hearted recklessness of those around him.
reckon	I reckon tourism is the most popular attraction for people.
reckoning	Pierre walked along, looking from side to side, counting his steps in threes, and reckoning them off on his fingers.
reclaim	Maybe there was another reason he decided to reclaim his money.
recline	The seat was able to recline in four different positions.
recluse	In many ways he was still a recluse, but he wasn't wrapped up in himself.
reclusive	I guess being reclusive is a poor way to make friends.
recognise	So, how do you recognise a genuine pair when you see them?
recognised	All have recognised his com.
recognizably	Persons of recognized imaginativeness, such as novelists and artists, do not seem more or less capable of the hallucinatory experiences than their sober neighbours; while persons not otherwise recognizably imaginative (we could quote a singularly accurate historian) are capable of the experiences.
recognition	The societies require government recognition if they wish to enjoy legal rights.
recognized	Dean recognized the man but didn't know his name.
recognizable	Jackson's voice chafed, barely recognizable, Let me speak to her.
recognizance	This type of recognizance will not only benefit you when writing an interview thank you letter, but also affect your decision later if offered the job.
recognize	I recognize the molding and cornices.
recoil	Sofia forced herself not to recoil, afraid to touch anyone.
recoinage	In return, the Mint receives at its nominal value for recoinage the worn gold and silver coin which is withdrawn from circulation by the Bank of England and some other banks.
recollect	She is less able to recall events of fifteen years ago than most of us are to recollect our childhood.
recollection	My most vivid recollection of that summer is the ocean.
recombination	Low levels of nucleotide polymorphism within species coincided with low rates of recombination.
recombine	Or we may treat the former as the sum of 5.4 and 013, and recombine the.
recommence	Then the large cells recommence the process of division and sink into the hollow of the sphere, leaving an elongated groove, the blastopore, on the surface.
recommend	I recommend we start there, Dan said.
recommendation	He even offered to mind Bumpus for a few days after I requested a recommendation for a kennel.
recompense	Refusing all honours and recompense, he prepared to return to Italy upon receiving news of the incipient revolutionary movement.
reconcilable	It seems a most strange delusion and not reconcilable with our superstition that man is a reasoning being.
reconcile	Dollinger the pope attempted to reconcile, but failed.
recondite	The idea of tracing the sun's path among the stars was, when it occurred to Chaldaean astronomers, an original and, relatively to their means, a recondite one.
recondition	This might recondition the battery to like-new status.
reconnaissance	Grant directed the offensive reconnaissance of Belmont in the autumn.
reconnoitre	On the first alarm of danger it sits erect to reconnoitre, when it either seeks concealment by clapping close to the ground, or takes to flight.
reconquest	Meanwhile the emperor in Paris had been organizing a fresh army for the reconquest of Prussia.
reconciliation	The reconciliation between monarch and people was assured.
reconquer	They sought to reconquer Europe for the Roman Catholic Church.
reconsider	Won't you reconsider staying here next month?
reconsideration	I just think there are better ways of understanding the atonement and that penal substitution has some flaws that need reconsideration.
reconstructive	The reconstructive work necessary after the ravages of the war was enormous.
reconstruction	The decisive year of the Reconstruction Period was 1876.
reconstitute	Ever since Austerlitz the Austrian officers had been labouring to reconstitute and reform their army.
reconstitution	Thus in 1137 they obtained a third part of the government by the reconstitution of the general council with Too nobles and 50 popolani.
reconstruct	In 1906 contracts were made to reconstruct some of these lines for electric traction.
reconversion	Oswio was chiefly responsible for the reconversion of the East Saxons.
record	Well, you haven't broken your record with me.
recorder	Betsy pulled a small tape recorder from her purse.
recording	Connor still held the camera, recording the action.
recordist	How did you actually become a sound recordist then?
recount	Why do I recount these stories?
recoup	We will easily recoup our set-up fees in the very near future.
recourse	Recourse was then had to protective legislation.
recover	She nodded, trying hard to recover from the latest surprise.
recoverable	Most kinds of offerings are now recoverable in secular courts.
recreate	Story or recreate names to remember if this is ed Bradley of.
recreation	The grounds have been laid out as a recreation garden.
recovery	We'll know more about her recovery tomorrow.
recreant	Huntly, as a Royalist, was decapitated at Edinburgh; and the envoys of Charles, thanks to the advice of Montrose, failed to induce him to stamp himself a recreant and a hypocrite by signing any covenants.
recreational	Recreational trips for family and friends are abundant.
recrimination	Victor turned his attention to Jackson, recrimination dripping from his voice.
recross	He hardly crosses the river to our side before we recross to the other.
recrudescence	Since the middle of the 19th century, in spite of the enactments of laws in Britain and elsewhere against the practice, there has been a recrudescence of belief in palmistry, and a new literature has grown up differing little in essence from the older.
reciprocate	He will reciprocate in kind.
recruit	It was not so easy to recruit the ranks of the patricians.
recruitment	He'd begun to think their recruitment standards were slipping until Jake mentioned the operation.
recrystallization	The crystals are purified by recrystallization from water.
recta	The most noteworthy are the Dialogues of a certain Adamantius de recta in Deum fide, which seem to have been erroneously attributed to Origen so early as the 4th century, one reason being the fact that Origen himself also bore that name.
rectal	To the right (in the figure) of the rectal peduncle is seen the deeply invaginated shell-gland ss, with a secretion sh protruding from it.
rectangle	The columns were united into a narrow rectangle by the advanced and rear guards.
rectification	These disputes were settled by a rectification of boundaries which assigned Blekinge to Denmark.
rectangular	It is built on the usual rectangular plan and the streets are wide and well paved.
rectifier	Im still getting the HV rectifier diodes getting hot.
rectify	No simple apology was going to rectify this situation.
rectilineal	A triangle is a rectilineal figure; i.e.
rectilinear	To find the area of any rectilinear figure, various methods are available.
rector	He became rector of St James's, Westminster, in 1733, and bishop of Bristol in 1735.
recto	It obviously makes a difference upon which side of a leaf, whether on the verso or the recto, a line was written.
rectitude	The necessity of moral rectitude was itself an incentive.
rectorial	The scanty leisure of his first recess had been devoted to writing his St Andrews rectorial address on higher education and to answering attacks on his criticism of Hamilton; of the second, to annotating in conjunction with Bain and Findlater, his father's Analysis of the Mind.
reciprocation	In practice reciprocation is usually effected through a connecting rod, as in the case of steam engines.
rectum	The rectum traverses the pericardium, and has the ventricle of the heart wrapped, as it were, around it.
recuperate	This way, your body can recuperate after working hard.
rectorship	But in 1691 the Saxon representative at Berlin induced the court of Brandenburg to offer him the rectorship of St Nicholas in Berlin with the title of Konsistorialrat.
recuperative	Assyria and Damascus would realize the recuperative power of the latter, and would perceive the danger of the short-sighted policy of Joash.
recuperation	Once diagnosed, the child and family face the prospect of surgery and recuperation.
rectory	The poet William Cowper was born in the rectory in 1731.
recursive	More than one set may satisfy a recursive definition.
recumbent	The horns are black, slightly twisted and very short, flat at the base, pointed at the tips, and recumbent on the head.
recursively	Thus we don't ever need to compute the Bezier polynomials, we simply depth reduce the control points recursively until d =0.
recital	The recital of the Azan must be listened to with the utmost reverence.
recur	Also the variations recur with perfect regularity.
recursion	We can continue to apply primitive recursion to build a series of unimaginably fast growing functions.
recurrent	At the mouth of the White, the Arkansas and the Mississippi the level of recurrent floods is 6 or 8 f t.
recycle	We return the plastic bags to the grocery store for them to recycle.
recusant	The word is much older than its English use; there were Lollards in the Netherlands at the beginning of the 14th century, who were akin to the Fratricelli, Beghards and other sectaries of the recusant Franciscan type.
recut	Top English social satirist Chris Morris has recut George W. Bush's ' State of the Nation ' address.
red	She has on a pretty red dress.
recurve	There is a range of bows to suit, both right and left handed, traditional recurve long bows and modern compound bows.
recurring	Such frequently recurring movements introduced new blood.
redaction	There exists a mid14th-century Historia do Santo Graal, and an unprinted Josep' ab Aramadia, while, though the MS. is lost, we have abundant evidence of the existence of a primitive Portuguese prose redaction of Amadis de Gaula anterior to the present Spanish text.
recurrence	One of the major reasons why athletes suffer a recurrence of an injury is that they have started training too hard, too soon.
recurved	The oval leaves are dark-green above, and whitish with stellate hairs beneath, the margin entire and slightly recurved.
redactor	This redactor, moreover, was the first who gave to the Apocalypse the character of an attack on the Roman Empire and the imperial cult by means of a series of small additions.
redd	We were shown a sea trout redd or scrape in the gravel stream bed.
redcurrant	Return the sausages to the casserole, whisk in the redcurrant jelly.
redbrick	Kentwell Hall Kentwell - a romantic, moated, mellow redbrick Tudor mansion in a tranquil parkland setting.
redbreast	Oh, my child, then, in your gratitude, throw a few crumbs to the poor little robin redbreast!
redden	He could feel his ears redden as he started to say something but she stopped him, still laughing.
reddening	She drifted off, reddening.
redefine	Whether you are trying to freshen an existing look or redefine your image with a new cut or hair color, your hair should fit your lifestyle.
redeemer	The saint does not love Christ as his Redeemer, but only as the Redeemer of the human race.
reddish	She was an old animal with a gray back and big reddish belly.
rede	The historical student, then, cannot afford to be indifferent to any part of the record of man's political being; but as his abilities for study are limited, he will, while reckoning all history to be within his range, have his own special range within which he will master every detail (Rede Lecture).
redeemable	But what if everyone in the nation, rich and poor, were to be mailed a $2,000 food card annually, redeemable at the grocery store for any of several hundred nutritious foods?
redeem	But they have been much subdivided, and the vassals may by law redeem them.
redemptive	This is regarded as the last stage in a moral process, a redemptive purpose of God.
redesigning	Whether you want to see examples of rooms or read step-by-step guides to redesigning your bathroom, we have the resources you need.
redevelop	Even after the reaction subsides, the child should still be taken to the emergency room immediately and monitored for three to four hours, since symptoms can redevelop.
redial	However if the phone is not picked up then the EntryCom can automatically redial another number, such as your mobile telephone.
redeploy	For both projects, which started in July 2004, we were able to redeploy existing staff from within the RTS.
redevelopment	In highly built-up areas redevelopment schemes may provide opportunities for creating new public open space.
redeye	Redeye reduction is available for taking portraits in poor light.
redhead	The redhead tossed her hat in the ring.
redistribute	Please feel free to redistribute this newsletter to you friends.
redirect	Redirect the violence at the Immortals.
rediscover	It 's almost like we have to unlearn in order to rediscover ways of seeing and doing.
redemption	Others find in the gospel of redemption the true theodicy.
redid	Deidre washed her face and redid her makeup before venturing to peek into the bathtub again.
redo	She decided to redo the paint job because she didn't like the color.
redneck	You ain't no redneck - you're all Yankee!
redolent	The central part, however, with its winding narrow streets, is redolent of its historical past, when, as one of the leading cities of the Hanseatic League, it enjoyed commercial supremacy over all the towns of Westphalia.
redistribution	After a redistribution of the front the operations were resumed on the 4th.
redoubtable	The Franks were redoubtable warriors, and were generally of great stature.
redone	Anyway, it was so badly performed that it had to be redone at the end of the show.
redrawn	On some displays, for instance storage tubes or pen plotters, the whole picture would have to be redrawn.
redouble	He said I could make any bid at the two-level after partner 's redouble to show him the psych.
redoubt	That redoubt was quite senseless in front of the position where the battle was accepted.
redox	We are interested in the essential trace element molybdenum, which is required as a component of the cofactors of various redox enzymes.
reducer	Another great stress reducer and wedding success maker is time management.
redshank	But that name properly belongs to the Redshank, from the cry of warning to other animals that it utters on the approach of danger.
reducible	Stroh assumes that every reducible seminvariant can in this way be reduced.
redstart	I think this was the only Redstart seen during the visit.
redress	No false hope, no redress, no going back.
reductive	To call this situation farcical seems reductive.
redundant	Please stop me if I become redundant or boorish.
redundancy	That the Baltic Stream must be a surface current, because it originates from a redundancy of fresh water.
redness	When boiled with water it forms the ortho-acid, and when heated to redness the metaacid.
reductionist	For the scientific reductionist, it is utterly implausible that a Rolls Royce should give birth to a Mini.
reductionism	To do magick will change a person; they will view the world through eyes that see beyond the crushing dullness of scientific reductionism.
redwing	In winter I have seen flocks of fieldfare, redwing and mistle thrush plus the usual jackdaws, rooks, starlings and seasonal swallows.
ree	This page gives an overview of all articles in the 1911 Brittanica which are alphabetized under Ree to Rep.
reduplication	Four-horned sheep are common in Iceland and the Hebrides; the small half-wild breed of Soa often showing this reduplication.
redwood	The redwood is being rapidly used for lumber.
reduce	He began first a short ascent, then a drop to a sharp curve he nearly missed, causing him to reduce his speed further.
reduction	As prepared by the reduction of the oxide it is a grey powder.
reedy	Some people have even described the music as a thin, reedy sound, just audible on the evening air.
reeded	A similar band of ornament runs round the top of the walls outside, and at their base is a reeded torus.
reef	A coral reef lies across the entrance.
reel	The reel is supplied in a bag with a spare spool.
reefer	Within this report the existing reefer fleet is given a statistical overview.
reed	Papyrus was also known to the Assyrians, who called it the reed of Egypt.
reek	They reek of decay and death.
reefing	The greatest development of quartz reefing is found in Victoria, some of the mines being of great depth.
reelection	He was himself defeated in this year for reelection to Congress.
reenter	Rehabilitative alimony is intended to allow one of the spouses to attend school or receive work training so that they can reenter the workforce.
reeve	These included hereditary succession to tenements, exemption from sullage, the right to elect a reeve (praepositus) if the grantor thought one necessary and the right to marry without the lord's interference.
reentrant	Also, this function is not reentrant (ie. you cannot parse two strings at the same time ).
reentry	There is also the missile and satellite reentry problem.
reexamination	First, special operations ' striking force composition may require reexamination.
referee	He was appointed as the referee in all disputes.
ref	Ref SIN 31a Price £ 495 Sinn 256 Automatic chronograph - Steel Bracelet Sinn 2 56 automatic pilot chronograph.
reexamine	We may first reexamine the idea that prevention starts with selecting the right material.
referable	The British genus Gemmaria, however, is budded from a hydroid referable to the family Corynidae.
referential	Referential integrity is used to ensure that changes of site name cascade through the tables, for example.
referendum	The referendum has been sparingly used in matters of local concern.
refectory	They took their chief meal in a common refectory at 3 P.M., up to which hour they usually fasted.
referent	C. all of those which introduce a discourse referent.
refill	Be sure to refill with water as needed so your plant does not dry out.
refiner	For he is like a refiner's fire and like fullers ' soap.
reference	Fred ignored Dean's reference to pudginess.
refit	It is true, we are such poor navigators that our thoughts, for the most part, stand off and on upon a harborless coast, are conversant only with the bights of the bays of poesy, or steer for the public ports of entry, and go into the dry docks of science, where they merely refit for this world, and no natural currents concur to individualize them.
refinement	He was hard and cruel, without any refinement or interest in cultu e.
refinery	A refinery was attached to the London Mint from 1816 to 1851, but was then let on lease and left to private enterprise.
reflectance	The research showed that reflectance and luminosity of fire escape signage is affected by light refraction in smoke conditions.
reflective	The dark eyes wandered over her face in reflective silence.
refer	So we somehow refer cases to you?
reflectivity	Combine that with its reflectivity features, and you've got yourself one fine shoe.
reflector	You must have front and rear lamps, pedal reflectors and a red rear reflector.
refined	My senses are more refined than yours.
reflectively	Alex watched her reflectively for a few moments and then his eyes registered comprehension.
reflected	Moonlight reflected off the red gem.
reflection	Alex spoke to her reflection in the mirror.
reflexive	He became more reflexive, more interested in the past.
reflex	Nor was the theory of reflex action confined to the more mechanical functions.
reflexion	The corollary, that the electric resistance of a metal can be determined in absolute units by experiments on the reflexion of heat-rays from its surface, is a striking illustration of the unification of the various branches of physical science, which has come in the train of the development of the theory of the aether.
reflow	After reflow this produces a fuller solder filet, with a greater component stand-off from the board.
reflect	The government must reflect the different values these groups have.
refold	Refold the fan and spread out the pleats.
reflux	The ester is heated under reflux with a dilute alkali like sodium hydroxide solution.
reformat	For example, on the spelling site, you can use your own word list and then the games will reformat so that you can play practicing your own words.
reformism	They fight reformism, true enough, but they fight reformism from a centrist rather than from a Marxist position.
reformatory	Hoyt the plans were changed and instead the Industrial Reformatory was.
reformist	It started during the second republic with a circle of intellectuals engaged in reformist theology and quickly spread to university students.
refract	The simplest way of showing dispersion is to refract a narrow beam of sunlight through a prism of glass or prismatic vessel containing water or other clear liquid.
reformation	Yet despite the efforts of the government the Reformation made progress in the land.
reform	Moral reform is the effort to throw off sleep.
reformer	As a social reformer Wesley was far in advance of his time.
refractive	The combustibility of the diamond was predicted by Sir Isaac Newton on account of its high refractive power; it was first established experimentally by the Florentine Academicians in 1694.
refractor	Probably the best example of this type of mounting applied to a refractor is that made by the elder Cooke of York for Fletcher of Tarnbank; the polar axis is of cast iron and the mounting very satisfactory and convenient, but unfortunately no detailed description has been published.
refractory	The Convention took measures against the emigres and the refractory priests.
refraction	It is difficult to lay down rules for the treatment of cases where the refraction of the two eyes is unequal.
refreshment	In the refreshment room and the hall, footmen were bustling about with wine and viands.
refracting	The more highly organized species have often very numerous eyes (Amphiporus, Drepanophorus), which are provided with a spherical refracting anterior portion, with a cellular vitreous body, with a layer of delicate radially arranged rods, with an outer sheath of dark pigment, and with a separate nerve-twig each, springing from a common or double pair of branches which leave the brain as n.
refractivity	The refractivity of helium is 0.1238 (air =1).
refrigerate	Refrigerate the dough for forty-five minutes.
refrangible	According to an important law discovered by Rydberg and shortly afterwards independently by the writer, the frequency of the common root of the two branches is obtained by subtracting the frequency of the root of the trunk from that of its least refrangible and strongest member.
refrigerant	Citric acid is used in calico printing, also in the preparation of effervescing draughts, as a refrigerant and sialogogue, and occasionally as an antiscorbutic, instead of fresh lemon juice.
refuge	Angra served as a refuge for Queen Maria II.
refreshingly	The Warder's handbook for 1952 is refreshingly frank.
refrigeration	A gradual refrigeration proceeded through the Pliocene period.
refugee	He also conquered the land of Asnunnak and carried off from Padan a stela belonging to a refugee from Malatia.
refresh	Often they set up a retreat to refresh their roles.
refund	I thought he might want a refund on his unused rent, not that I'd have given it to him, but he didn't even ask.
refresher	They have also added refresher chemicals to produce a pleasant tingling sensation upon application.
refrain	You must refrain from action.
refuel	Let's stop in the town and refuel on the delicious food served at the local cafe.
refundable	A refundable security deposit of £ 150 is charged.
refusal	She braced herself for a refusal and a fight.
reformed	It was reformed on the above lines in 1907.
refurbish	Fabrics that are pilling are difficult to refurbish.
regain	She had to regain control.
refreshing	Why should he not cool himself in the refreshing water?
refutation	The second part is the refutation of the doctrines of John XXII.
regale	He clung to his right of regale, or enjoyment of the revenues of bishoprics during their vacancy, though it was at times commuted for a fixed payment.
regality	He was acclaimed by the citizens in an assembly at Clerkenwell, declared king by a Yorkist council, and took possession of the regality on the 4th of March.
regarding	He turned, regarding her with apprehension.
refute	His intellect was logical in the highest degree; he was clear and precise, an enemy of loose reasoning, and quick to refute prevailing fallacies.
regal	In Italy Gregory occupied an almost regal position.
refuse	I can't refuse to answer you.
regard	Lifting her gaze to meet his intent regard, she implored him.
regalia	In the municipal offices interesting ancient regalia and records are kept.
regenerate	The mixture of calcium and lead carbonates is filtered off and roasted at a low red heat in order to regenerate the calcium plumbate.
refrigerator	We ate supper and put the rest in the refrigerator for you.
regelation	But while Forbes asserted that ice was viscous, Tyndall denied it, and insisted, as the result of his observations, on the flow being due to fracture and regelation.
regatta	The buildings lie close to the Thames, and the school is famous for rowing, sending an eight to the regatta at Henley each year.
regenerative	There are a great number of methods of applying the regenerative principle which vary only in detail.
regardless	Jackson could always make her laugh regardless of her misery.
regenerator	The pope, naturally on the side of order, staunchly supported this regenerator of the realm, and in his own brother Coloman, who administered the district of the Drave, Bela also found a loyal and intelligent co-operator.
regeneration	By the introduction of fresh toxin the process is repeated and the regeneration of side-chains is increased.
regimen	First, the regimen of the river is nearly constant.
regicide	Fourteen years ago, they committed regicide on Margaret Thatcher when they thought she would lose them an election.
reggae	African immigrants have heavily influenced reggae and calypso music in the Caribbean, Latin music, blues and gospel music in the USA, and rap music in the USA and Europe - especially in the immigrant communities of London and Paris.
regent	The regent therefore represented to her brother that the disorders were entirely put down and that the time had come to show mercy.
region	In its earlier history the region was agricultural.
regency	Biren's regency lasted exactly three weeks.
regionalism	In some ways her regionalism anticipated that of the local colorists.
regina	She has joined the Cygnus team to help Regina with customer care.
register	You'll help Julie to register Molly at the Keene school while I make the plane reservation.
regionally	In these circumstances, the liberal- internationalist bourgeoisie in Europe attempted to create a regionally defined ultra-imperialist order.
registered	She was now a Registered Nurse.
regime	The natural result of such a regime is increasing indebtedness.
regional	It is divided into six provinces, each governed by a regional commissioner.
regiment	Here, in the regiment, all was clear and simple.
regress	Additionally, if a parent pushes a child towards any type of learning, the child may rebel and may even actually regress.
regnant	Let them think forward and visualize the effect if this idea should become regnant.
registrar	He also acts as registrar of births, deaths and marriages, and officiates at civil marriages.
regnal	In process of time, however, the custom of dating by the regnal year of the king became general.
regret	His quiet regret made her uneasy.
regretful	The princess looked at him, not grasping what he was saying, but cheered by the expression of regretful sympathy on his face.
regrettable	Your view of life is a regrettable delusion.
regrettably	Concurrently fraudulent imitation has regrettably increased.
regression	Regression analysis was used to predict the outcome.
regular	Tonight she was having fun, but it wasn't something she would enjoy doing on a regular basis.
regressive	A characteristic feature of the calculus is that a meaning can be attached to a symbol of this kind by adopting a new rule, called that of regressive multiplication, as distinguished from the foregoing, which is progressive.
regretfully	He writes that he is regretfully abandoning Moscow.
registry	In 1895 a law controlling servants' registry offices was added.
regularly	The city is laid out regularly on a high, undulating prairie.
regulation	If a soldier, he should be dressed in regulation uniform like the others.
regroup	Thus the sum of 8 and 7 cannot be expressed as ones; we can either form the whole, and regroup it as 10 and 5, or we can split up the 7 into 2 and 5, and add the 2 to the 8 to form io, thus getting 8+7= 8+ (2+5) = (8+2) +5=10+5=15.
regularization	Before the latter plates arose, the stem had developed by the elongation and constriction of the fixed end of the theca, the gradual regularization of the plates involved, and their coalescence into rings.
regularize	Though, therefore, nothing was done to regularize the position of the Jews, the door was opened to their gradual return.
regularity	She wrote with the rapidity of Walter Scott and the regularity of Anthony Trollope.
regurgitate	Individuals who are close to drowning can also regurgitate their stomach contents and breathe these into the lungs.
regulator	Early indications are that existing registrants might continue to be regulated by their current statutory regulator.
regulus	The heat is then raised in (relative) absence of air, when the two elements named unite into sulphur-dioxide, while a regulus of molten lead remains.
regurgitation	Mitral valve stenosis and mitral valve regurgitation are the most significant and frequent causes of valve dysfunction in the mitral valve stenosis and mitral valve regurgitation are the most significant and frequent causes of valve dysfunction in the mitral position in the heart.
rehearsal	In form it is a rehearsal of the first baptismal rite, but with omission of the water.
rehabilitate	Will you have to rehabilitate the carpet, walls, drapes or fixtures?
regulate	They are essentially instructions on how to make proteins, which are what build and regulate your body.
rehabilitation	It would have been a bold, not to say a reckless, dreamer who dared predict that any future researches could restore to us the lost knowledge that had been forgotten for more than two millenniums. Yet the Victorian era was scarcely ushered in before the work of rehabilitation began, which was to lead to the most astounding discoveries and to an altogether unprecedented extension of historical knowledge.
rehearse	Celebrities have three weeks to rehearse before the season begins.
reheat	The same container can be used to reheat your leftovers in the oven or microwave.
reheating	This injury fortunately can be cured either by reheating the steel to Ac 3 when it refines, i.e.
rehash	Each of you has made mistakes and there is no need to rehash problems from the past.
reich	It was with difficulty that he was induced to agree to the arrangements for reestablishing the Federal system of the German Reich and for the election of a National Constituent Assembly.
reimbursable	Many covered expenses are reimbursable, which means that you'll have to pay out of pocket and file a claim later.
rei	The greater part of his troops were in Rei with his son al-Mandi, who had conquered Tabaristan, in Africa, with Mahommed b.
reimbursement	Although the Federal Government creates the regulations that are used to govern the reimbursement of hospice organizations for care they give patients on Medicare, it is up to the state to certify individual hospice agencies.
reimburse	The school is not able to reimburse the cost of items lost.
reincarnate	His symbol is a fan which he uses to revive and reincarnate the souls of the departed.
reichstag	In the elections of June 1920 he secured a seat in the Reichstag as a member of the Deutsche Volkspartei, the new electioneering name of the former National Liberal party.
reincarnation	It was believed that, on death, the soul either awaited reincarnation or turned into an evil spirit.
rein	I gave him free rein to do what he needs to.
reindeer	Domesticated reindeer have also been introduced into Alaska.
reign	We can no longer both reign together.
reinforcement	The value of this reinforcement at this particular moment can hardly be overestimated.
reins	Carmen sawed on the reins, trying to slow her down.
reinstall	Place a dab of silicone grease on the outlet arm threads and reinstall the showerhead.
reinforce	She nudged Leyon aside to punch another set of buttons and issued an order to reinforce the failing efforts there.
reinstatement	A revulsion of feeling soon led to his reinstatement, apparently with extraordinary powers.
reiteration	Reiteration of baptism in the name of the Trinity is forbidden.
reinstate	Novara set Austria free to reinstate the Italian despots.
reinvestment	Reinvestment risk is another risk associated with Treasury bonds.
reintroduce	Many hope that Chanel will reintroduce them in some capacity.
reiterate	Let me reiterate a few more points already made.
reissue	But if I can get you to the mortal world and back to a Sanctuary, then she.ll have to reissue the contract, he explained.
reinsurance	On reinsurance a income says carol kick infinancial planner.
rejuvenate	The project is to rejuvenate an area once overgrown into an orchard increasing bio diversity and interest.
rejuvenation	This city by the bay extends one of California's best invitations of recreation, exploration, and rejuvenation.
rejoice	I rejoice to know that you are well and happy.
rejoicing	You see that your victory is not a matter for great rejoicing and that you can't be received as a savior.
rejoinder	Kutuzov made no rejoinder or remark.
rekindle	In the fourth Lateran council of 1215 Innocent found his opportunity to rekindle the flickering fires.
reject	Why should she give Brandon the chance to reject her again?
rejoin	He may rejoin his regiment when his special employment is at an end.
relationship	Now even their relationship was beginning to suffer.
relation	Shortly after it came into relation with Islam.
relative	Only their relative wealth is different.
relational	Why is the relational data model in the case study not normalized?
relapse	When the news of this relapse reached Paul, matters had evidently not yet gone too far.
rejection	Xander braced himself, waiting for the rejection he knew would come.
relativist	William Graham Sumner is a 19th century anthropologist who expressed relativist ideas and J L Mackie is a contemporary philosopher who opposed absolutism.
relativism	The term ' moral relativism ' is understood in a variety of ways.
relax	Relax, I've got this.
relativistic	To appreciate the relativistic doctrines we find in various thinkers we must take account of the use to which they were put.
relaxant	Baclofen is a skeletal muscle relaxant used for the relief of chronic muscle relaxant used for the relief of chronic muscle spasm or spasticity.
relativity	Many scientists believe that Einstein's Theory of Relativity limits the way we can travel through time and space, which excludes traveling to the past.
relaxing	It was both relaxing and exciting.
relate	What had really taken place he did not wish to relate because it seemed to him not worth telling.
relaying	Elise and Dan were a good team, relaying hand signals and other silent communications with nothing more than a glance at each other.
relegate	Lipsius and Dobschiitz relegate the book to the 4th century.
relay	Dusty, can you pick a site and relay it to us?
relatively	The Atlantic Ocean contains a relatively small number of islands.
relentless	She had relentless determination to finish the project.
relevance	They have more relevance and point in 2 Tim.
relaxed	She relaxed and began to enjoy the evening.
relentlessly	He drove the team relentlessly until they were well out of town.
relent	I'm sure if he sees how important this is to you, he'll relent.
reliable	It appears to be a very reliable used car.
relegation	Only a miracle would have stopped the club falling through the relegation trapdoor.
relevancy	The succeeding clause they are given from one shepherd may refer to a collection or revision by one authoritative person, but its relevancy is not obvious.
release	Are you going to release the description?
related	I related Howie's comment about not letting go.
reliably	The ability to instantly and, for a very low cost, reliably transfer money to anyone on the planet is a key ingredient in increasing the amount of trade that occurs online.
reliance	But not much reliance can be placed on this kind of determination.
reliant	I'm just concerned I'll get reliant on them?
relief	Relief brought a smile to her lips.
reliability	Because of its reliability, agriculture will become more like an exact science.
relict	Cosmogenic exposure ages from relict lateral moraines overridden by the Fennoscandian ice sheet in northern Sweden.
relaxation	During the seven years which he passed in the drudgery of penning definitions and marking quotations for transcription, he sought for relaxation in literary labour of a more agreeable kind.
reliever	Use of a ' reliever ' inhaler should lessen this effect.
religion	Thus the ancient Greek religion was especially disposed to belief in heroes and demigods.
relic	It is a relic of a different age.
religiose	Finally, the ascetics came to share in the honours paid to the martyrs, and we see in the Historia religiose of Theodoret how quickly this Sainfoin (Onobrychis sativa), a nat.
religiosity	The relationship between psychological factors, paranormal belief, and personal religiosity will also be investigated.
relevant	Some children like to think that the rules are not relevant to them.
relinquish	The son was reluctant to relinquish involvement in the company.
religiously	Even now the old forms were long religiously respected.
relieving	It is also useful in relieving the paroxysms of asthma.
relive	Darian couldn't help feeling dirty for causing her to relive the pain.
relinquishment	After preaching four years in New York and New Hampshire, he became, in April 1773, pastor of the Second church at Franklin (until 1778 a part of Wrentham, Massachusetts), of which he remained in charge until May 1827, when failing health compelled his relinquishment of active ministerial cares.
reliquary	Besides the silver shrine of St Simeon, many gold and silver ornaments, church vessels and old manuscripts, there are a set of vestments and a reliquary, believed by the monks to have been the property of St Sava.
relish	He will relish the opportunity to fill in your education on salmon.
relocate	I relocate HQ after each one for security reasons.
reload	Their practice was to advance rapidly within such a distance of the Spaniards as would not leave the latter time to reload after firing.
relocation	You can add a zip code if you'd like, but if you're interested in relocation, you can always leave it blank.
reloading	While you may also be charged a fee to reload the card at retail locations, you usually are not charged a fee for reloading with direct deposit.
religious	Josh is religious, but there aren't many men who would claim to understand women.
reluctantly	I reluctantly descended the stairs, smiling but unsure what to say.
rely	But we do not have to rely solely on those.
remain	One would argue that energy costs will remain high.
relieved	He appeared relieved, and she felt guilty.
reluctance	With some reluctance, mostly from Martha this time, we agreed.
remark	His remark stung, as he'd meant it to.
relieve	She blinked to relieve the stinging in her eyes.
remake	They then opted to do the remake at the old fave, Sound Techniques.
remand	The remand prisons are much better than the situation at the camp.
remade	The circuit was at once remade.
remarkable	You're a truly remarkable man.
reluctant	He was reluctant to commit to the additional expense.
remanent	Applications include the measurement of induced and remanent magnetism and use in site surveys prior to the installation of MRI equipment.
remainder	The remainder of the trip passed in silence.
remanence	This magnetic remanence, therefore, is a major vulnerability of any OA System employing magnetic storage media.
remarriage	Various projects for Margaret's remarriage had already been started, Louis XII.
remarry	She could only remarry with judicial consent, when the judge was bound to inventory the deceased's estate and hand it over to her and her new husband in trust for the children.
remains	It was the remains of another large building.
remember	Do you remember that rumor in school?
remedial	Would the inoculation of the attenuated virus have a remedial effect on an animal already bitten ?
remediable	You should have the opportunity to put right minor remediable breaches.
remarked	He won't come here again, remarked the old soldier, yawning.
remelting	Soap may be framed and finished in this state, but almost invariably it receives a further treatment called refining or fitting, in which by remelting with water, with or without the subsequent addition of other agents to harden the finished product, the soap may be made to contain from 60 to 70% of water and kept present a firm hard texture.
remarkably	The weather on the whole is remarkably dry.
remembrance	Teacher is well and sends her kind remembrance to you.
reminisce	It's fun to reminisce about the past.
remind	I just need you to remind Darian of something.
reminiscence	In other cases early costumes are preserved only as a historical reminiscence at festivities.
remedy	I intend to remedy that later today.
remiss	I would be seriously remiss if I suggested that any test went absolutely correctly.
reminder	A calendar reminder popped up.
remittance	Please send the booking form plus full remittance to the school.
reminiscent	It was reminiscent of some thriller he'd read.
remit	While mainly occupied in those years with philosophical studies, Mill did not remit his interest in current politics.
remissness	The prevalent famine and distress are due to Yahweh's indignation at such remissness.
remission	According to the committee, every convict should have it in his power to earn a remission - in other words, to shorten his sentence by his industry.
remittent	Remittent fever is much more fatal in its direct attack.
remnant	The last remnant migrated in 1841.
remodel	Alex had provided the money to remodel the home, but insisted that it stay in her name only.
remonstrating	Although he wrote a letter to Queen Elizabeth remonstrating against the alienation of church property, Whitgift always retained her special confidence.
remonstrate	Walking by the river I paused to remonstrate gently with a fisherman.
remonstrance	His resolution was at first proof against remonstrance; but ultimately he received back the sword, and continued in the service of France.
remonstrant	Noteworthy also are the collection of the Society of Dutch Literature (1766); the collections of casts and of engravings; the seamen's training school; the Remonstrant seminary, transferred hither from Amsterdam in 1873; the two hospitals (one of which is private); the house of correction; and the court-house.
remorse	There was no remorse in his face.
remorseless	The idea of belonging to a remorseless insurgent leader was terrifying.
remote	Now, in most places you can smoke in your car, in your home, and in remote places away from civilized people.
remoteness	In the king's face, which he wore as a mask, there was a remoteness and inaccessibility of grief which I shall never forget.
remotely	There was nothing remotely friendly or soft about Charles.
remorseful	She was remorseful because she tried to kill me.
remorselessly	Towards everything like disorder, tyranny, or aristocratic oppression, Casimir was always inexorably severe; all disturbers of the peace were remorselessly put to death as the worst enemies of their country and he enjoyed in consequence the honourable title of the Peasants' King.
remoulding	This review contains studies in preparation for the continuation and remoulding of the Acta Sanctorum, inedited texts, dissertations, and, since 1892, a Bulletin des publications hagiographiques, containing criticisms of recent works on hagiographic questions.
remunerate	It enabled him to create and remunerate adequately a capable official class, which proved its efficiency under the strictest supervision, and ultimately produced a whole series of great statesmen and admirals like Johan Friis, Peder Oxe, Herluf Trolle and Peder Skram.
remount	In the early days of the Boer War (1899-1902) Stellenbosch was one of the British military bases, and was used as a remount camp; and in consequence of officers who had not distinguished themselves at the front being sent back to it, the expression to be Stellenbosched came into use; so much so, that in similar cases officers were spoken of as ` Stellenbosched even if they were sent to some other place.
remuneration	He may receive such remuneration as the council think reasonable.
remover	Yet, for 12 years we have been allowed to carry on whatever liquids we wanted, ranging from nail varnish remover to Coke.
removed	They'd all removed their masks.
ren	We encourage children to think about their own views and values in ren to think about their own views and values in relation to the themes and topics studied in the RE curriculum.
remunerative	The government monopolies of opium and salt were then for the first time placed upon a remunerative basis.
renascence	It is not impossible to combine these views, and place the seat of power still in Crete, but ascribe the Renascence there to an influx of new blood from the north, large enough to instil fresh vigour, but too small to change the civilization in its essential character.
renascent	Mihaly V6rosmartyo, Ferencz KOlcsey, Ferencz Kazinczy and his associates, to mention but a few of many great names, were, consciously or unconsciously, as the representatives of the renascent national literature, accomplishing a political mission, and their pens proved no less efficacious than the swords of their ancestors.
rename	He worked as a designer in Paris, and became prominent as a member of the municipal council of Paris, rousing much angry discussion by a proposal to rename the Parisian streets which bore saints' names.
remove	I can remove them now.
removal	And who wouldn't recommend Arnie's removal with his increasingly erratic behavior?
rendezvous	Mile End, a common on the Great Eastern Road, was long famous as a rendezvous for the troops.
rend	On all other elements, the rend attribute is optional.
removable	Both were, at least in theory, officers named by the king and removable by him.
rendition	These are perfectly proficient musicians doing a perfectly proficient rendition of an average pub rock band.
renegade	Some renegade Indians jumped the reservation.
renegotiate	Primarily due to the problem of having to renegotiate the treaties of 1922.
renal	There may be from one to nine gills between the genital and renal pores.
rendering	The French doors were open, rendering the room cold.
renew	The object of sharing the meal with the god was to renew the blood bond.
renaissance	The Renaissance had little or no influence on Sardinian architecture and culture.
render	It'll render him near-invincible for several days.
renin	The changes in plasma aldosterone, cortisol, and renin are summarized in the table earlier on the page.
reniform	Reniform and stalactitic masses with a radiated fibrous structure also occur.
renewable	The purpose was to enact a law, renewable each year.
renounce	But he was soon forced to renounce this hope.
renovate	To concentrate, induce and renovate are, however, but aspects of one process of acquisition by the transfusion of a transmissible energy.
rennet	Another enzyme, rennet, which in the animal body is proteolytic, is frequently met with in plants, but its function has not been ascertained.
renowned	He thus became renowned as a wise prince.
renewal	The result of this failure was the renewal of war on a large scale.
renovation	The two churches last named have undergone much renovation both outside and inside.
rent	Why don't I just rent one?
renown	This great navigator had already won renown in the service of Henry VII.
rental	He strode to his rental car with new confidence.
rentable	The hundred-year-old Victorian building contained nine rentable rooms, each with a private bath.
rentier	Madagascar (Paris, 1894); Rentier, Les droits de la France sur Madagascar (1895) Corlay, Notre campagne a Madagascar(Paris, 1896); Knight,Madagas- car in Wa'-time (London, 1896); Carol, Chez les Hovas (Paris, 1898); Gallieni, Neuf ans a Madagascar (Paris, 1908).
reorder	We will look at reorder buffers and scheduling algorithms later.
renter	To the next they consumer rating home owner insurance might be the renter 's fence.
reoccupation	From thence they returned late in the 18th century to the reoccupation of their old ground in Kulja under the Chinese.
reoccupy	In the following year the Congo expedition established further posts, and in consequence the khalifa sent 3000 men, under the amir Khatem Musa, from Shakka to reoccupy the Bahr-el-Ghazal.
renunciation	These novels teach the moral of renunciation (Entsagung).
reopen	My kind always thought there was a way to reopen that gateway, and a few days ago, the gateway ruptured.
repackage	Please repackage the items and send back to us together with the Delivery Note.
reorganize	In 1877 he made an attempt to reorganize the Turkish army in view of the war with Russia.
repair	He explained about the tire repair kit.
rep	A good training regime would be a three day split using dumbbells  I have achieved my best results using higher rep ranges.
repaid	You swear the Council will consider my debt to them repaid? he asked.
repaint	She stared at the walls, wondering who'd had the time to repaint her guest room.
repairman	Go to top of page Should I call a repairman out of normal working hours?
reorganization	An act for the reorganization of the government was passed on the 19th of June.
repairer	His business is good, particularly since he 's the only shoe repairer for nearly 20 miles around.
repairable	However, keep in mind that some stains or tears may not be 100 percent repairable.
repass	Highway, in the law of the states of the American Union, generally means a lawful public road, over which all citizens are allowed to pass and repass on foot, on horseback, in carriages and waggons.
repast	Dean spotted three of the old men gathered at their usual table for their morning repast of caffeine and cake and gossip.
repartee	Their repartee set the tone for the evening.
repartition	A senatus-consulte of 1863 laid the basis for the change in the land system by providing (I) for the delimitation of the territory of each tribe, (2) for the repartition of the territory thus delimited among newly formed tribal divisions (douars or communes), and (3) for the recognition of private ownership by the issue of title deeds for such individual or family property (melk) as already existed.
reparation	How do you think it feels to live with the regret that stems from having done something beyond reparation to someone as beautiful as she is in this life?
reparative	A reparative task is done specifically to repair or address the harm done.
repeat	He had to repeat the question.
repatriate	Then in September the Argonaut sailed for Shanghai to repatriate British internees.
repatriation	But these Indians by reindenturing might come under the operation of the repatriation proposal.
repeatable	Always capable of bringing a smile to the room with his witty repartee, his words of wisdom are not unfortunately, repeatable here.
repayable	New construction to an amount of £T5,000,000, repayable over ten years at the rate of £T50o,000 a year by national subscription guaranteed by the government, had by 1910 been voted by parliament.
repeater	Thus the speed on a line at which the repeater is situated exactly midway will be four times that of the line worked direct.
repeal	Attempts to secure the repeal of this provision have been unsuccessful.
repent	To live only so as not to do evil and not to have to repent is not enough.
repay	I expect you to repay me once it's sold.
repayment	A small snack, as repayment for saving your life last night.
repel	Objects attract if their charges are different or repel if they are the same.
repellent	Try to bring some insect repellent or a net.
repertoire	Could you broaden the repertoire of your church choir?
repentant	I'm not repentant about it, it's worked out very well for me.
repeatedly	She would repeatedly use one for the other.
repentance	At the end he professed abject repentance for his impiety and disloyalty.
repeating	She kept repeating the words over and over.
repertory	These books are valuable as a repertory of mythological stories.
repetitively	This happens repetitively throughout the night, leading to a tired feeling in the morning.
repetitious	Stenciling is an art form that uses a repetitious method of applying color through a cut out shape.
rephrase	Let me rephrase that.
replacement	I haven't found any new replacement letters, but I've eliminated a lot of possibilities.
repetitive	As you can imagine, this gets very repetitive.
replaceable	It's replaceable – you're not.
replant	It is better to dig and replant Daffodils too soon than too late.
replacer	Double Pressed Apple Pulp This makes a good silage extender or replacer at 30% dry matter and 10.8 (MJ/kg DM ).
replenishment	In both France and Germany, for instance, the process of replenishment after a great war can be traced both early and late in the 19th century.
repetition	Life is too short to spend it with repetition of old dreams that never happened.
repeated	She didn't answer and he repeated his question.
replenish	Fresh-caught wild animals have to be obtained to replenish the stock.
replay	You can replay the course to collect the coins.
reply	When I didn't reply, she continued.
replicate	You might need to replicate everything.
replete	It is replete with interest for the antiquarian.
report	Send me a report when you're done.
replication	Often, the genetic material is missing due to an error in replication of an egg or sperm cell.
repopulate	There have been changes recently and there are schemes to repopulate areas with this little beastie.
reportage	The BBC also provide general broadcast reportage for the Festival.
reportable	Elevations in temperature are not reportable events.
replica	The statutes were for the most part a replica of those of New College, members of which were, equally with members of Magdalen, declared to be eligible for the presidency.
reporter	I am sure no reporter was present.
repository	The temple itself became the chief repository of records.
repose	Boris says his soul finds repose at your house.
reprehensible	I mention these reprehensible actions to illustrate how language can divide us.
repossession	This is an extreme measure that some clients may require, particularly if they are on the verge of bankruptcy, repossession, or foreclosure.
repossess	The property owner may repossess the accommodation if damage has been caused.
representable	Sensations, he argued, thus being representable by numbers, psychology may become an exact science, susceptible of mathematical treatment.
reported	He's checking reported vehicle thefts in the area.
replace	No one will replace me!
representational	Craft origami can be divided into representational, abstract, play and functional origami.
repress	Pierre listened to him, scarcely able to repress a smile.
repressed	His body ached with repressed memories and disgust.
reportedly	Symptoms of a subarachnoid brain hemorrhage, a type of stroke, include the sudden onset of a severe headache called a thunderclap headache, vomiting and loss of consciousness. 47-year-old Michaels reportedly remains in critical condition.
repressor	The opinions of the later Lollards can best be gathered from the learned and unfortunate Pecock, who wrote his elaborate Repressor against the Bible-men, as he calls them.
reprimand	Did the policeman reprimand the old man?
repressive	It was clear that he could not continue the repressive tactics of his predecessor.
repression	After more than a century of repression in 1905 the Edict of Toleration brought some relief.
reprisal	On the 23rd of March 1776 Congress did indeed issue letters of marque and reprisal, and efforts were made to fit out a national force.
reprise	Last week he invited me round his new gaff for a long awaited reprise.
reproach	In all his private relations he was not only without reproach, but distinguished for the beauty of his character.
representation	The right to representation is spreading around the world.
represent	He.d last seen his other trusted lieutenant, Iliana, two days ago, when he.d sent her to represent him in North America while he was away.
reprobate	If you were not an adversary, you would not be slandering me and reviling the preaching that is given through me, in order that, as I heard myself in person from the Lord, when I speak I may not be believed, as though forsooth it were I who was condemned and I who was reprobate.'
reprint	The reprint will be found in vols.
reproachful	She shook her head and fixed him with a reproachful gaze.
reproduce	Plants rely upon their seeds to reproduce.
reproachfully	She tipped her head to the side and regarded him reproachfully.
reprobation	Thus the doctrine of reprobation was emptied of meaning.
representative	The decision of the representative of the United States was given in April 1899.
reprocess	The question must be addressed as to what extent we need to reprocess fuel.
reproducibility	Our new stage has a positioning accuracy and reproducibility significantly less than 1 µm -- over a 3-fold improvement.
reprieve	He did the dishes as well, hoping for an early reprieve from her justified anger.
reproducible	These data have sofar not been reproduced in solid state devices with reproducible contacts.
reproof	Listen to every zephyr for some reproof, for it is surely there, and he is unfortunate who does not hear it.
represented	The micrometer represented in figs.
reprogramming	The creators of emulators encourage the reprogramming of source code because most emulation programming are labors of love, where lots of time is need to complete projects or to debug them.
reproduction	Reproduction by budding also occurs.
reprove	The natural day is very calm, and will hardly reprove his indolence.
reproving	The epistle is taken up with matters of this kind; either the apostle is reproving disorders and abuses actually existing in the Church, and almost sure to exist in a young community that had just adopted a novel method of life and had as yet no settled understanding of the principles involved in it; or else he is replying to definite questions put to him by his converts.
reptilian	Reptilian remains abound; plants are also plentiful.
reptilia	Cuvier went no further than Brongniart, and, in the Regne Animal, he dropped the term Amphibia, and substituted Reptilia for it.
reptile	Many stories tell of the grateful reptile which brought valuable gifts to a benefactor.
republicanism	He preached republicanism to her by the hour, and even locked her up in her bedroom to reflect on his sermons.
repudiate	He endeavoured to repudiate her, and she fled to Rome, where she died in April 1213.
reproductive	The reproductive organs do not begin to appear until the larva has twice cast its skin.
repugnant	It was, however, profoundly repugnant to him.
reps	For eight reps grasp the barbell now are getting.
republish	If it's a worry just republish your final post from time to time when you get the chance.
repulsive	I'm sorry the idea is so repulsive to you.
repudiation	The latter is the forfeit usually named in the contract for his repudiation of her.
reputable	Forfar seems to have played a less reputable part in the persecution of witches.
repulsion	Boscovich himself, in order to obviate the possibility of two atoms ever being in the same place, asserts that the ultimate force is a repulsion which increases without limit as the distance diminishes without limit, so that two atoms can never coincide.
repulse	The repulse of Burnside ended the battle.
republic	The United States is a republic, as even the Pledge of Allegiance says.
repugnance	The repugnance to animal food is not the effect of experience, but is an instinct.
request	His request gave her an idea.
repurchase	A privy council decree recognizing the claims of New York was issued on the 10th of July 1764, and the settlers were soon afterwards ordered to surrender their patents and repurchase the land from the proper authorities at Albany.
republican	He was a devoted member of the Republican party, but not a politician in the strict sense.
requester	This indicates that aspects of the requester's situation are in transition.
requiem	She had selected Pie Jesu from Faure's Requiem, vocally, a very difficult piece.
requirement	To meet this requirement, Walker in 1878 introduced the Cherub FIG.
requisite	The requisite energy is derived from the battery.
repute	It enjoys some repute as a summer resort.
requisition	Even the shoulder-blades are said to be put in requisition for cutting grass.
reread	She reread the message, startled.
reputed	He was reputed to have kept a cool head during battle and wasn't easily intimidated.
reredos	The foreign retable is, therefore, what should in English be called a reredos (q.v.), though that is not in modern usage a movable feature.
rerun	Not only am I a rerun, but I'll betray you.
required	Quinn was required to pick up extra classes when an older professor passed away suddenly.
require	I suppose dancing that well would require a lot of practice.
rescind	As a preliminary to negotiation, the government was required to rescind all the obnoxious measures.
reputation	His reputation for being rough on rookies was well earned.
res	Of the numerous works relating to the reign of the heroic Stephen Bathory, 1 5751586, Ignaty Janicki's Acta historica res gestas Stephani Bathorei illustrantia (Cracow, 1881), and Paul Pierling's Un arbitrage pontifical entre la Pologne et la Russie 1581-1582 (Brussels, 1890) can be recommended.
rescission	In my opinion the Missives in this case unlike in Bamberger provide for a terminus ad quem following rescission.
resale	The society had at first many difficulties to con front, but after the first two or three years of its existence It will be seen from these two tables that though the amount of its progress became more rapid, and co-operation became advances applied for during the period dealt with amounted to over Estimated number of purchasers on resale.
rescript	The sovereign, whether speaking by rescript or by ordinance, never addressed the bulk of his subjects.
rescue	I didn't need you to rescue me.
rescuer	Once free of the vehicle she took a deep breath and turned to face her rescuer.
researcher	He is not a diligent researcher into family history; his questions are more of an interest at the moment.
resemblance	The resemblance between father and son was enough to make her stop two steps into the clearing.
reseat	Finally you may need to reseat the graphics card.
reseau	The adoption of a reseau photographed upon the plate has greatly facilitated the procedure.
resentment	Women looked at her in resentment as she pushed her way through.
resell	In order to recognize those organizations that continue to help collect, resell or redistribute donated furniture, the following stories provide examples of the tremendous generosity of some individuals and organizations.
reservation	The reservation system says they have availability.
resentful	He was resentful of the time his father spent with his brother.
resemble	Larkin certainly didn't resemble the sheriff in any way.
resent	Did he resent everything he was pushed into?
resection	In some early cases of pyloric cancer resection of the disease may be performed, the upper end of the intestine being afterwards joined to the middle of the stomach by a kind of short-circuiting operation.
reseda	The more common plants in the most characteristic part of this region in southern Arabia are Capparidaceae, Euphorbiaceae, and a few Leguminosae, a Reseda and Dipterygium; palms, Polygonaceae, ferns, and other cryptogams, are rare.
reserved	She was quiet and reserved for a two year old.
reservist	The more your employer knows about the implications of employing a reservist, the more supportive they are likely to be.
research	I was trying to research the buyer.
reside	They reside in small towns and mud forts scattered along the coast.
resettle	In March 2004, Taiwan donated funds to assist Chad resettle refugees from the Darfur Region.
resettlement	When Alexander died in 323 the resettlement of the empire at Babylon is said to have been made at Ptolemy's instigation.
reset	That I want to … to reset things.
reshape	A pencil or shadow could also be used to reshape the brows.
reservoir	A third reservoir is authorized.
resh	Hence the head of the Babylonian Jews was the exilarch (in Aramaic Resh Galutha) .
residential	It is the centre of an extensive residential district.
reshuffle	Some hours later, Tony Blair unveiled his cabinet reshuffle.
residentiary	His son Isaak (1618-1689), after a brilliant career of scholarship in Sweden, became residentiary canon at Windsor in 1673.
residency	The residency is 4 m.
residuary	Usually he was residuary legatee.
reserve	Despite his reserve, he could tell Dusty liked her.
residual	The reappearance of the residual charge is promoted by tapping the glass.
residuum	How shall we estimate the permanent worth of his method, the residuum of value in his maxims?
residence	Just the three of us are in residence, soon to be two.
resignedly	The children did not want to stop playing, but they resignedly put their toys away at their mother's request.
resilient	A diamond is the hardest, most resilient, most beautiful gem of all.
resign	Shall we forever resign the pleasure of construction to the carpenter?
residue	The residue is washed, extracted by dilute hydrochloric acid, and again well washed with boiling water.
resignation	He looked at her long enough for her to see resignation in his gaze.
resiliency	Lack of water causes skin to dry and lose its natural resiliency.
resilience	Learning how to build resilience or real security into your life.
resident	Every city had a large number of resident aliens.
resigned	I tried to appear resigned to defeat.
resin	Resin soaps are compounds of soda or potash with the complex acids (chiefly abietic) of which coniferous resins consist.
resistance	Any resistance she might have mustered melted at his words.
resinous	The resinous products of the tree are of no great value.
resistant	The exposed strata are in large part resistant sandstones.
resistor	With the jump wire, clip one end to each side of the resistor then clip one wire to the shaft of the screwdriver.
resistivity	This observation is closely related to the above-mentioned resistivity of the carbon-link, and corroborates it in a special case.
resit	The group should consider the issue of whether a separate resit diet would be necessary in a new structure of the academic year.
resistive	Just inside the bore of the permanent magnet is a resistive magnet, made from copper conductor in a saddle configuration.
resize	XtSetValues then calls the constraint set_values procedures so that the parent can recompute derived constraint set_values procedures so that the parent can recompute derived constraint fields and move or resize the child as appropriate.
resistless	An instant later the Tiger crouched and launched its huge body through the air swift and resistless as a ball from a cannon.
resist	I simply couldn't resist you.
resolute	She entered the room with resolute steps.
resolution	The resolution in his face was unmistakable.
resolve	In spite of her resolve, she responded.
resold	Coal is imported, and resold to ships calling at the harbour.
resolvable	Features not resolvable using the light microscope are also found.
resolutely	Bela resolutely put down all disorder.
resoluteness	For in fixity and resoluteness of character he likened himself to God; and having kept himself free from sin was united with God, and was empowered to grasp as it were the power and authority of wonders.
resonate	The values we address today do not only resonate with people with deeply held religious convictions.
resonant	His commanding presence, mastery of diction, and resonant voice made him an effective platform speaker.
resonator	If the harmonic corresponding to the resonator is present its tone swells out loudly.
resound	The extreme length of the limbs and the absence of a tail are other features of these small apes, which are thoroughly arboreal in their habits, and make the woods resound with their unearthly cries at night.
resource	It was only as a last resource that she tried literature.
resourceful	You're a very resourceful and courageous person.
resounding	It is true that we have some noble resounding echoes in the lyrical passages lx.-lxii.
resourcefulness	My intelligence and resourcefulness is without equal.
resonance	The old pictures gave the daughter resonance.
respect	Treat them with respect and take care of them.
resolved	The Dutch Company in 1614 again resolved to send a fleet to the Moluccas by the westward route, and Joris Spilbergen was appointed to the command as admiral, with a commission from the States-General.
respecter	God is no respecter of persons on account of either color or race.
respectfully	At the inn at Yankovo he respectfully took leave of her, for the first time permitting himself to kiss her hand.
respective	They are the respective owners.
respectability	This would also lend further respectability to the grades.
respectful	Clement replied in 1705 with a bull condemning respectful silence.
resort	It was the last resort, but it was something.
respectably	Sales did not match his debut release, but it sold respectably well.
respectable	It sounds like he's a respectable person who likes to keep to his self.
respecting	Respecting the salaries of the governors of states, the constitution made no provision.
respiratory	These muscles act so as to pump the blood through the respiratory organs.
respirator	The sickest or most premature babies may need a respirator.
respire	Like these, also, they respire oxygen, and are independent of light; and their various powers of growth, secretion, and general metabolism, irritability, and response to external factors show similar specific variations in both cases.
respirable	He concluded that it was not common air, but the substance, in much greater perfection, that rendered common air respirable and a supporter of combustion.
resplendent	My house is not resplendent with ivory and gold; nor is it adorned with marble arches, resting on graceful columns brought from the quarries of distant Africa.
respond	When she didn't respond, Alex looked up.
respite	A respite was thus given and something was done to improve the army.
respectively	First, second, and third place in the competition went to Alex, Michael, and John, respectively.
respiration	Reluctantly she pulled away, her pulse and respiration in a race.
responsibly	She is acting responsibly in his behalf.
respects	I know how she loves and respects you.
respondent	Again, the respondent did not adduce evidence to refute this.
rest	The rest of the ride was pleasant.
responsiveness	Speaking with other professionals who depend on the service, quality, and responsiveness of the drop shipper can give you a good idea of what to expect if you enter into a business relationship with the company.
responsions	The question of the position of Greek in secondary education has from time to time attracted attention in connexion with the requirement of Greek in Responsions at Oxford, and in the Previous Examination at Cambridge.
restatement	A complete restatement could only be undertaken by a group of men, trained in much the same conditions, accustomed to think and work together, each one engaged on a special department, but all acting under the control of one master-mind.
restate	Thus we might restate our grouping of philosophies in terms of the views they take regarding necessity.
restart	The first necessity was to restart the gold mining industry on the Rand.
restful	Comfortable against Damian, she drifted into a restful doze until he shifted.
responsibility	I take my responsibility to you and our children seriously.
responsive	She was responsive, hungry and yielding, a combination that lit his blood on fire.
responsible	You're responsible for cleaning your own clothes and linens.
restaurateur	It made me think again about the dangers that can face an unwary restaurateur.
restfully	This can reduce night sweats and allow you to sleep more restfully.
restive	The consultants are getting a bit restive about their negotiations.
restitution	Agamemnon sends an embassy by night, offering Achilles restitution and full amends - Achilles refuses.
restiveness	Within the League itself increasing restiveness was shown under the restrictions of its trade policy.
restaurant	The ride to the restaurant was a quiet one.
restlessly	She slept restlessly that night.
restlessness	The tribes were a seething mass of restlessness, their old feuds ready to break out again.
restock	Therefore, when the product sells out entirely, the manufacturer will not restock quantities.
restorer	Frederick was the real restorer of Sicilian independence.
restrain	The acts were directed to restrain the lending of money at usurious rates.
restorative	The global appeal of restorative justice is truly startling.
restore	He desires to end your misfortunes and restore you to your homes and families.
resting	She rolled over and glanced at Bordeaux, who seemed to be resting comfortably.
restrict	He wasn't trying to restrict her activities.
restraint	She sensed his restraint break.
response	Getting no response from Alex, he shrugged and turned to his desk.
restrained	She knew he heard the restrained emotion by his pause.
restless	She soon grew too restless to sit still and paced.
resubmit	If permission to resubmit is granted, the resubmitted assignment will receive no higher than an Ordinary pass grade.
restructure	To restructure to meet changing market needs isn't always possible.
restoration	On the restoration of peace he was appointed to high command in Hungary.
restructuring	The first is a restructuring of the global economy so that it can sustain civilization.
restrictive	The number of Istrians and Dalmatians who came from the Adriatic to dig for kauri gum led to the passing of restrictive laws.
restriction	Even this restriction was removed in 1862.
restricted	You're at the border of a restricted area, by the way.
resurface	He may modify his behavior in an attempt to get his beloved to resurface, and Pisces may just decide he's learned his lesson and give him a second chance.
resurgent	In particular, the health branch - which was in danger of collapsing two years ago - is now resurgent.
resumption	A wholesome diversion was provided by the serious resumption of the policy of eastern expansion, which had been interrupted by the civil war.
resume	He started to resume his climb, then paused.
resupply	In the absence of an Air Force combat control team the unit receiving the airdrop resupply support is required to perform the CCT function.
resurgence	Jane hoped for a resurgence in her energy after she took a nap.
resuscitate	Attempts by doctors and nurses to resuscitate him proved futile.
resurrect	He's not anxious to resurrect any of his prior difficulties.
retail	The city has a large jobbing and retail trade.
resuscitation	It was a brilliant resuscitation of the past.
resultant	There is no difficulty in expressing the resultant by the method of symmetric functions.
retailer	Pointing me at the retailer is fair but denying any problems smacks of self denial.
retain	It was amazing how Alex could retain his composure.
resurrection	All this resurrection is exhausting, I need a nap.
result	We do know as a result of earlier tests EA, as we call it, is also part of the lure.
retaliate	People become upset with you and then you may feel bad or some people may retaliate and cause you even more stress.
retake	The attempt of the imperialists, under Joachim of Brandenburg, to retake Budapest (September 15 4 2), failed ignominiously; and in the following year Suleiman in person conducted a campaign which led to the conquest of Siklos, Gran, Szekesf ehervar and Visegrad (1544) Everywhere the churches were turned into mosques; and the greater part of Hungary, divided into twelve sanjaks, became definitively a Turkish province.
resuscitator	The leading ambulanceman told my staff that the child's chest went tight once while he was using the manual resuscitator.
retable	The description of the gold and silver retable given to the high altar of Ely by Abbot Theodwin in the 11th century, shows it to have been a large and elaborate piece of work decorated with many reliefs and figures in the round.
ret	The reverse bears the motto Ret og Sandhed (Right and Truth).
retainer	Genius is not a retainer to any emperor, nor is its material silver, or gold, or marble, except to a trifling extent.
retaliation	But the kings ambition was to go farther than retaliation or chastisement.
retaken	This was retaken in 1791 by the Mahrattas.
retard	But these events did not retard its progress.
retailing	The principal sources of revenue are the licences granted for the importation and retailing of opium, wine and spirits, which are in the hands of Chinese; a customs duty of 5% on imports; an export tax of 5 70 on jungle produce; a poll-tax sanctioned by ancient native custom; and a stamp duty.
retardant	Options are also available for fire retardant formulas including low smoke zero halogen.
retaining	Retaining eye contact, she challenged him.
retaliatory	Great Britain, too, was to suffer from her own retaliatory policy.
retch	Swallowing an urge to retch, she retrieved the groceries and dashed to the door.
retarder	If you use an acrylic retarder, then you are able to create more textures, as you have more time to work.
rete	From the adjacent mesonephros cords of cells grow into the attached part of the genital ridge, or testis, as it now is, and from these the rete testis is developed.
retell	Many books at your local public library or book store also retell actual paranormal cases.
retarded	It was retarded and took false directions until the revival of learning in Italy.
retention	Environment is a big factor in color retention.
retelling	The general reader will find Gaston Paris's study of the legend in Poemes et legendes du moyen age most interesting; also Joseph Bedier's popular retelling of the tale Tristan et Iseult.
retentive	What a wonderfully active and retentive mind that gifted child must have!
retentiveness	The ratio of the residual magnetization to its previous maximum value measures the retentiveness, or retentivity, of the metal.'
rethink	I think the newspapers should rethink what they put in.
retardation	The consequences must depend upon the amount of the retardation.
reticence	The queen was privately opposed to Gladstone's Home Rule policy; but she observed in public a constitutional reticence on the subject.
reticent	Even the reticent members participated enthusiastically.
reticular	This is a very definite and remarkable agreement, since such a reticular gonocoel is not found in Crustacea (except in the male Apus).
reticle	To use a reticle on the stage, place it carefully on a microscope slide.
reticulocyte	A reticulocyte (young RBCs) count will help determine if anemia is caused by impaired RBC production or increased RBC destruction.
reticulate	In one 'division (Retiolitidae) the axis is reticulate.
reticulated	The leaves of Monocotyledons have generally this kind of venation, while reticulated venation most usually occurs amongst Dicotyledons.
reticule	Having found what she was looking for in the reticule she handed it to Natasha.
reticulum	Don't forget ribosomes, the golgi apparatus and endoplasmic reticulum.
retina	In hypermetropia the retina is in front of the principal focus of the eye.
retinaculum	Each of these trunks is surrounded by muscles, and the complex retains the old name of retinaculum.
retinal	In the eye, injected stem cells attach to a type of retinal cell called astrocytes.
retinoid	This oral retinoid is extremely effective in the treatment of severe acne.
retinopathy	At any one time up to 10% of people with diabetes will have retinopathy requiring medical follow up or treatment.
retinitis	Is there any evidence for the use of ganciclovir in the treatment of babies with affected hearing and/or retinitis associated with congenital cytomegalovirus?
retinue	Towards the end of 66 he arrived in Greece with a retinue of soldiers, courtiers, musicians and dancers.
retinoscopy	There are objective methods, such as retinoscopy, by which to measure the refractive status of the eyes.
retort	She tried to think of a retort, but couldn't.
retold	Many of these popular legends have been around for decades, retold by one person to another.
retorting	Instead of retorting, she said, That's not how I wanted this conversation to go.
retorted	Not so much! she retorted in a silky voice.
retook	He retook Catania by the help of a Saracen to whom Roger had trusted the city, and whom he himself punished.
retractation	In the fortress of Turin he remained immured during the last twelve years of his life, although part of his time was spent in composing a defence of the Sardinian interests as opposed to those of the papal court, and he was led to sign a retractation of the statements in his history most obnoxious to the Vatican (1738).
retouch	Airbrushing has been around since the 19th century and was used to retouch paintings.
retractable	Retractable clothes lines are another great option.
retiring	On retiring from office Seward returned to the practice of law.
retract	He was forced to retract an opinion too liberal for the time.
retraction	The retraction of nickel was diminished by rising temperature, and at had almost vanished.
retractor	In the posterior retractor the longitudinal fibres become united into one bundle, which, as noticed above, is inserted in the wall of the sheath.
retractile	Often not retractile.
retranslation	This was published in 1862 by Van Vloten with a retranslation into Latin.
retire	If I had a buck for every flat I fixed, I could retire...no pun intended.
retired	In 1907 he retired from public life.
retirement	He's a week from retirement and he seems to be something of a maverick.
retread	But Countless Times is so much more than just a retread of familiar ground.
retrial	If there are problems, corrections are made and there is a retrial.
retrenchment	The need of financial retrenchment led to his opposing the proposal that war veterans should receive a cash bonus.
retribution	He decided to back down, in fear of violent retribution.
retributive	Humanitarian moralists, who hesitate to believe in the retributive theory of punishment because, as they think, its aim is not the criminal's future well-being but merely the vindication through pain of an outrage upon the moral law which the criminal need never have committed, might welcome a theory which urges that the sole aim of punishment should be the exercise of an influence determining the criminal's future conduct for his own or the social good.
retrieval	However, no password-protected system of data storage and retrieval can be made entirely impenetrable.
retriever	The retriever is a large dog used for retrieving game on land, as a water spaniel is used for the same purpose in water.
retrieve	She dashed off to her room to retrieve it.
retroactive	The constitution prohibits special, local and retroactive legislation, legislation impairing the obligation of contracts, and legislation levying a poll tax for county or state purposes or a tax on state, municipal and public school bonds (amendment of 1905), and it limits the amount and specifies the character of public debts which the legislature may contract.
retreat	The army must retreat and the order to do so must be given.
retrocession	Spanish rule, however, came unexpectedly to an end by the retrocession of Louisiana to France in 1800; and French dominion gave way in turn in 1803 - as the result of a chain of events even more unexpected, startling, and for the United States fortunate - to the rule of the last-named country.
retrofit	As long as you're in the remodeling process, there's not better time to secure or retrofit your home.
retrogression	Politically, indeed, the whole period was one of retrogression and stagnation.
retrograde	A strong retrograde movement set in.
retrogressive	It is a retrogressive process producing characteristic changes in the fine connectivetissue fibrils.
retroperitoneal	We review here several policies for the selection of patients for retroperitoneal lymph node dissection.
retrospection	Making retrospection compulsory will inevitably lead to long delays caused by processing a very large number of disclosure checks at once.
retrospective	The retrospective exhibition of means of transport was interesting in view of the recent opening of the Simplon tunnel, the occasion of the exhibition.
retrospect	In retrospect, it was a miracle none of us fainted.
retry	You will climb through areas that seem impossible, and I guarantee that you will have to retry many sections at least a couple of times.
retrospectively	The legal necessity for legislation in accordance with the agreement was, nevertheless, on a special reference, submitted to the privy council, whose decision affirmed the advisibility of legislation and the need for validating retrospectively marriages not supported by either Maltese or English common law.
retting	He proposed to separate the fibre by purely mechanical means without any retting whatever; but after the Irish Linen Board had expended many thousands of pounds and much time in making experiments and in erecting his machinery, his entire scheme ended in complete failure.
returnee	He had to be content with fifth ahead of recent returnee Jonathan Rose.
returnable	Full payment is requested 8 weeks prior to holiday commencement together with a returnable £ 100 breakages deposit.
reunification	More than half (57 percent) of all children in foster care are returned to their original homes; however, reunification rates have declined in the 1990s and early twenty-first century.
reunite	They reunite on the big screen on May 4, 2007.
reunion	Bourbon or Reunion had Fregilupus.
return	I have something to return to you.
returning	I.m returning to the castle.
reusable	Always use a reusable shopping bag or reuse plastic bags.
rev	My mind won't release me from all that has happened since Rev. Martin first visited me, and changed my life.
revaluation	After the reconstruction under Diocletian at the end of the 3rd century A.D., fifteen years (the indictio) - though probably used as early as the time of Hadrian - was recognized as the period for revaluation.
reuse	Always use a reusable shopping bag or reuse plastic bags.
revamp	We can design a brand new web site or revamp existing web site.
reveal	She opened her hand to reveal its contents, a marble.
revealing	The pod rotated slowly, revealing the shape of the hulking grey ship as it grew farther away.
revel	You revel in their fine thoughts.
reveille	Soon, they were both fast asleep and the next thing they knew a trumpet was sounding reveille.
revenge	His revenge was all that would make him whole again.
revelry	John (Johann Bockelson) of Leiden (1510-1536) took his place and the town became the scene of the grossest licence and cruelty, until in 1535 it was taken by the besieging bishop. Unhappily the Anabaptists have always been remembered by the crimes of John of Leiden and the revelry of Munster.
revenant	In Medieval European literature featuring the undead, the presence of a revenant indicates the spread of disease among the living.
revelation	In spite of the disaster of her revelation, a wave of relief passed over me.
reverberate	The first shots had not yet ceased to reverberate before others rang out and yet more were heard mingling with and overtaking one another.
revenging	He was, as his secretary Morice testifies, a man that delighted not in revenging.
reverb	The Super Reverb is perhaps the most Fender of all amps, and it matches up nicely with the Stratocaster guitar.
reverberant	As though shattered by a reverberant echo from the cannon of the Trebbia, the Directory crumbled to pieces, succumbing on the 18th of June 1799 beneath the reprobation showered on Treilhard, Merlin de Douai, and La Rvellire-Lpeaux.
reverberating	Darian's head was spinning, his mind reverberating with the power of the site.
revere	Historical scholars will, however, revere this collection of dialogues as one of the most priceless of the treasures of antiquity still preserved to us.
reverberation	Every nation in the world felt the reverberation of that fateful day.
reverent	He was, however, blameless in morals and reverent in religion.
reverberatory	Lead ores are smelted in the reverberatory furnace, the ore-hearth, and the blast-furnace.
reverie	Her reverie passed quickly and she seemed embarrassed by it.
reverently	Her gaze dropped reverently to the grave of their only natural child.
reverend	Through it she heard the mumbling of the reverend, but not the words.
reverential	I asked, breaking the reverential silence.
reverence	Everything her father did inspired her with reverence and was beyond question.
reverser	Stephenson's link motion, an Ashford type steam reverser and Ross pop safety valves were fitted.
reversal	In his later book, Dioptrice (1611), he fully discusses refraction and the use of lenses, showing the action of the double convex lens in the camera obscura, with the principles which regulate its use and the reason of the reversal of the image.
reversibility	A further step in this direction has been effected by the introduction of reversibility into a non-reversible case by means of a catalytic agent.
reversion	The fall of the monarchy involved a reversion to a pre-monarchical state.
revert	We shall revert to this subject below.
reversionary	No distinction seems to have been drawn between the sale of an immediate and of a reversionary interest.
revenue	The gross revenue of all the states is estimated at 24 millions sterling.
review	Shall we review what you've learned?
reverse	If only she could reverse this day and start over.
reverts	It possesses many edifices, public and private, which are handsome or elegant, but it has almost nothing to which the memory reverts as a masterpiece of architectural art.
reversible	Some are covered in pockets, and others are reversible.
reversing	The trip being completed, the empty train is hauled back by reversing the engine.
revetment	Blocks of dressed stone overgrown by grass lie in regular formation; a series of parallel revetment walls on hills commanding passes exist, as do relics of ancient water-tanks.
revile	But his dilemma on this point led him into further doubts, and he was eventually induced to revile his whole career and the Reformation.
reviewer	Early in 1751 he became literary critic to the Vossische Zeitung, and in this position laid the foundation for his reputation as a reviewer of learning, judgment and wit.
revise	The same year a convention, whose duty was to revise the constitution, met.
reversed	I reversed the process.
reviser	It is of Jewish origin, but in part worked over by a Christian reviser.
revisit	I think I shall never revisit those scenes.
revitalization	The initiative was designed to encourage renewal of revitalization areas.
revisionist	During 1888 his personality was the dominating feature of French politics, and, when he resigned his seat as a protest against the reception given by the chamber to his revisionist proposals, constituencies vied with one another in selecting him as their representative.
revitalize	It was thus his business to revitalize the old forms with a new and more vigorous content.
reviver	Francesco Petrarca, the great Italian poet and first true reviver of learning in medieval Europe, was born at Arezzo on the 20th of July 1304.
revive	She'd never thought he meant she'd literally help revive the planet.
revivalism	It is indeed true that to thousands the hope of acquiring spiritual merit must have been a great motive; it is also true, as the records of crusading sermons show, that there was a strong element of revivalism in the Crusades, and that thousands were hurried into taking the cross by a gust of that uncontrollable enthusiasm which is excited by revivalist meetings to-day.
revoke	You cannot revoke privileges for a single member of the group.
revivalist	He early discovered his vocation as a preacher of indulgences; he combined the elocutionary gifts of a revivalist orator with the shrewdness of an auctioneer.
revivify	From the first his professorial lectures were conspicuous for the unconventional enthusiasm with which he endeavoured to revivify the study of the classics; and his growing reputation, added to the attention excited by a translation of Aeschylus which he published in 1850, led to his appointment in 1852 to the professorship of Greek at Edinburgh University, in succession to George Dunbar, a post which he continued to hold for thirty years.
revivification	And this revivification may take place after months, or even years, of arrested life.
revision	We laugh to scorn the very idea of exam revision.
revocation	His advocacy of anti-slavery principles, then frowned upon by the Methodist authorities, aroused opposition, and eventually resulted in his trial for heresy and the revocation of his licence.
revocable	Membership has its privileges, and those privileges are revocable at any time.
revolting	Virtue is often held up for admiration, and vice painted in revolting colours or derided.
revival	Where the ritual, as in most cases, is a revival of pre-Reformation.
revolutionist	The assassination of the minister of the interior Plehve, on the 14th of July, by the revolutionist Sazonov was remarkable as a of the symptom mainly owing to the widespread sympathy of the European press of all shades of opinion with War.
revolver	Looks like he ate his service revolver, but the jury's still out.
revolve	He did not succeed in making the wire or the magnet revolve on its own axis.
revolving	In revolving cranes ease of slewing can be greatly increased by the use of a live ring of conical rollers.
revolution	These estates were confiscated during the Revolution.
rewarding	It must be nice to have such a rewarding career.
revolt	He was suspected of bringing about a revolt in Scotland.
rewind	You can even pause and rewind live TV if you step out of the room.
revolutionary	When the Revolutionary War began he was one of the first to hurry to Boston to help the people defend themselves against the British soldiers.
reward	There's a hefty reward out for her, too.
revolutionize	We find here the consciousness of creative thought focused in a new principle which is to revolutionize speculative science.
revue	Phyllida staged and appeared in a new musical revue called On Broadway which toured the UK.
rewire	The next task is to rewire the damaged fire circuit.
reword	Leave yourself plenty of time to revise, rewrite, and reword.
revulsion	This produced a complete revulsion of public feeling.
rewrite	We can rewrite history as much as we like.
rewound	To reload the camera for the next shooting, the film should be rewound back into the magazine.
reynard	Pre 87 young gun Ryan Campbell (Reynard 83FF) took fourth ahead of series returnee Hugh Graham.
rewrote	He had read a pamphlet published in America attacking the proposed order, which was to form a bond of association between the officers who had fought in the American War of Independence against England; the arguments struck him as true and valuable, so he re-arranged them in his own fashion, and rewrote them in his own oratorical style.
rewritten	The first form of his written speeches was always painstakingly edited and revised, and not infrequently entirely rewritten.
rgb	It would improve clarity to use the RGB inputs of modern TVs.
rex	He also took advantage of this meeting to have his son Ecgferth consecrated as his colleague, and that prince subsequently signed charters as Rex Merciorum.
rfc	The remaining fixture against Saracens will be played at Marlow RFC on Monday April 5th at 7.30pm.
rhapsodic	These poems were recited at rhapsodic contests together with those of Homer and Hesiod, and Orphic hymns were used in the Eleusinian mysteries.'
rhapsodist	It was necessary, of course, to divide the poem to be recited into parts, and to compel each contending rhapsodist to take the part assigned to him.
rhapsody	The recitation of epic poetry was called in historical times rhapsody.
rhea	Other tales said the stone was the one given by Rhea to Cronus as a substitute for Zeus.
rh	Initial 1 and r became 11 and rh, as seen in examples in (I) above; but between vowels they remained.
rheometer	The extensional rheometer developed at NPL was used to test these materials.
rhetoric	The audience was impressed by the rhetoric the young girl used in her speech.
rheostat	All the ozone generators feature a rheostat control for adjustable ozone production.
rhenish	His action in abolishing all tolls established on the Rhine since 1250, led to the formation of a league against him by the Rhenish archbishops and the count palatine of the Rhine; but aided by the towns, he soon crushed the rising.
rheology	Further research interests are in the rheology of colloidal ceramic dispersions.
rhetorically	When a noun comes first, it is followed by a relative pronoun, thus, Dafydd a brynodd lyfr yno, which really means (it is) David who bought a book there, and is never used in any other sense in the spoken language, though in literary Welsh it is used rhetorically for the simple statement which is properly expressed by putting the verb first.
rheum	He had to blow his nose because of the rheum from his cold.
rhetorician	In 392 Valentinian was secretly put to death at Vienne (in Gaul), and Arbogast, naming as his successor Eugenius, a rhetorician, descended into Italy to meet the expedition which Theodosius was heading against him.
rhetor	According to the historical compilation which passes under the name of Zacharias Rhetor, he also wrote a treatise on the faith.
rheumatic	Soon after the expedition started he was prostrated by rheumatic gout, and the actual command devolved upon General Richard Montgomery.
rhesus	Rh factor (abbreviated from Rhesus Factor) is not something that you can change--your Rh factor was decided when you were conceived, as determined by the Rh factors of your mother and father.
rheumatism	The water is used in cases of gout, rheumatism and kindred diseases.
rhetorical	She ignored his rhetorical questions.
rheumatology	He was digressing for a while to discuss why rehabilitation was linked with Rheumatology in Britain.
rhino	Most of the known rhino species are West African.
rheumatoid	The vitamin C in parsley has been shown to improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis.
rhinestone	A rhinestone barrette held her hair in a messy updo.
rhinoceros	The hind-foot is very like that of a rhinoceros, having three welldeveloped toes.
rhinitis	The mucous membrane of the inferior turbinates may become thickened in patients with rhinitis.
rhizobium	The Rhizobium group is studying the bacterial and legume genes involved in establishing and maintaining the symbiosis.
rhodium	In the following year he discovered rhodium; and at about the same time Smithson Tennant added two more to the list - iridium and osmium; the former was so named from the changing tints of its oxides (ipcs, rainbow), and the latter from the odour of its oxide (ovµA, smell).
rho	Health insurance offerings rho by regressing eg employe age liability claim will.
rhizoid	It corresponds in function with the rhizoid of i Bryophyte.
rhizome	A, Fertile shoot, springing B, C, Sporophylls bearing sporangia, from the rhizome, which which in C have opened.
rhomboid	The rhomboid shape became the definitive image of the heavy British tanks of the Great War.
rhododendron	Rhododendron, mountain laurel and azaleas are common in the mountains.
rhomb	Bohemia has the form of an irregular rhomb, of which the northernmost place, Buchberg, just above Hainspach, is at the same time the farthest north in the whole AustroHungarian monarchy.
rhyme	Rhyme is employed in the choruses only.
rhombus	The conception of the right angle is strengthened, by contrast, by the use of bricks in the form of a rhombus.
rhombic	It sublimes in small rhombic tables or needles, and is slightly soluble in cold water, the solution possessing an acid reaction.
rhymed	This is a collection of Reimspruche or rhymed distichs embodying a strange mystical pantheism drawn mainly from the writings of Jakob Bdhme and his followers.
rhymer	He is spoken of as the Rhymer of Scotland in the accounts of the English privy council dealing with the visit of the mission for the hand of Margaret Tudor, rather because he wrote a poem in praise of London,than because, as has been stated, he held the post of laureate at the Scottish court.
rhubarb	In the highlands of Kabul edible rhubarb is an important local luxury.
rhyolite	It crosses a section that is mostly desert, but is connected with the Bullfrog District by the Las Vegas & Tonopah, which runs from Goldfield through Beatty and Rhyolite, and meets the San Pedro, Los Angeles & Salt Lake at Las Vegas.
rhythmical	The Kap is rhythmical and also has rhyming syllables.
rhythmic	I detected his rhythmic breathing within minutes.
ri	Those of them who lived on the outskirts of the pacified territory adopted a mode of life similar to that of their hereditary opponents, and constituted a peculiar class known as Cossacks, living more by flocks and The h e rds and by marauding expeditions than by a ri y g p ?'
rhythmically	In life they are commonly rhythmically opened and shut by a wavy movement.
ria	He abdicated the Portuguese crown in favor of his seven year old daughter, Maria da Glória of Portugal.
ribald	Ribald or off-color jokes that may be offensive to parents, grandparents, or guests.
rialto	Among modern monuments the most successful is that to Goldoni at San Bartolomeo near the Rialto.
ribes	Upon the exposed mountain slopes a species of rhubarb (Rheum Ribes) is noticeable.
rib	In my case, this took the form of a bruised rib, which is still a trifle painful.
ribboned	The narrow black highway ribboned smoothly down hill under a canopy of trees.
riboflavin	Riboflavin (vitamin B2) is essential in growth, production and repair of body tissue including hair.
rhythm	He said little else, and her breathing soon fell into rhythm with his.
rice	The rice and beans were bland until mixed together.
ribbon	The black ribbon of the demon was gone.
rich	The rich have always had this luxury.
ricin	Background on Ricin
richly	The interior is richly decorated with various coloured marbles.
riches	All contracts of lease, exploitation of forests, waters and natural riches are cancelled.
ricinus	The higuerilla or castor-oil plant (Ricinus communis) is widely distributed throughout the plateau and the open plains of the lower zones.
rickshaw	There is an extensive system of electric trams. Another favourite means of conveyance is by rickshaw, the runners being Zulus.
ricochet	The bullet of your thought must have overcome its lateral and ricochet motion and fallen into its last and steady course before it reaches the ear of the hearer, else it may plow out again through the side of his head.
rick	Rick mourned, and retold the stories of the Russian Olympic gymnasts that the kites are named after.
richness	The richness and variety of decoration increased from the 14th century onwards.
ricotta	It goes especially well with cheese, like in spinach and feta parcels made from filo pastry, and spinach and ricotta cannelloni.
ridden	Corps was left to its own devices, but fortunately the crown prince of Saxony, who commanded it, had ridden forward and, seeing the French in force towards Roncourt, had issued orders which in the event proved decisive.
riddance	The riddance of an evil influence is often synonymous with the introduction of the good principle, and therefore it is best to consider first the use of anointing in consecrations.
rickets	Rickets, scurvy and marasmus may be instanced as diet diseases in children.
riddle	Fred couldn't resist a mystery and here was a riddle on-site.
rickety	Martha's voice dropped to a whisper as she pointed to a rickety staircase.
rid	Maybe he was happy to get rid of her.
ridgeway	Ridgeway (Early Age of Greece, 1901) considers that the Belgic tribes were Cimbri, who had moved directly across the Rhine into north-eastern Gaul.
rider	Too quickly, her rider barreled back and halted beside her.
ridiculousness	But two reliable talents save Munch from ridiculousness, even when his fantasies get nutty.
ridiculously	We have a lot of left-overs and Scruffy is getting ridiculously fat.
ridicule	His judgments had to wait the event before they were absolved from ridicule or delivered from neglect.
ridiculous	It was ridiculous to be so frightened of something.
ride	The rest of the ride was pleasant.
riesling	Riesling, Hermitage, Sauternes, Chianti, &c., in accordance with the district of origin of the vine.
riel	Towards the close of 1885 the French-Canadian mind was greatly agitated over the execution of Louis Riel, leader of the north-west rebellion, and in consequence of the attitude of Mercier on this question the Liberal minority in the Legislative Assembly, which had been reduced to fifteen, rapidly gained strength, until at the general elections held in October 1886 the province was carried in the Liberal interest.
riff	It thus forms the entrepot for the commerce of the Riff district and its hinterland.
rife	An encouraging example is afforded by the remarkable fact that malaria, which was once rife in certain districts of England, has now died out, although the Anopheles maculipennis mosquito still exists there.
rifleman	However carefully the good rifleman kept out of sight, the smoke of his rifle was plainly seen at the moment of firing.
riffle	The Zarrow Shuffle is the ultimate false riffle shuffle.
rig	The rig was a Pace Arrow.
riflemen	In June 1775, soon after the outbreak of the War of Independence, he was commissioned a captain of Virginia riflemen, and he marched his company to Boston in 21 days.
rigging	I've been thinking about rigging up something on the front to catch the webs.
rifling	She smiled and started rifling through the rack of suits.
right	Right now she didn't care where they were.
riding	There was no riding the fence on this one.
rigger	Mark the sax bevels for every rigger position (they often vary from side to side and along the boat ).
rift	Another breathless climb brought our adventurers to a third landing where there was a rift in the mountain.
rifle	She threw the rifle to her shoulder and took aim.
rightly	It has been rightly given above.
righteousness	His Righteousness is His fidelity to this purpose.
rightist	The FE maintained good relations with other rightist parties.
righteous	But the number of the righteous men was too few to save the state.
rigid	Her frame was rigid, the table empty.
rightness	And though such antinomianism has always been sternly repudiated by the moral consciousness of Christendom, it has never been forgotten that inwardness, rightness of heart or spirit, is the preeminent characteristic of Christian goodness.
rigmarole	Until it is, I'll update the page manually, but probably not very often as it 's a right old rigmarole.
rigorous	They likely spend hours each day doing rigorous workouts.
ridge	They would have to walk along the ridge for a while to get there.
rile	He smiled faintly, knowing how hard it was to rile up his trusted Guardian.
rigidity	The discrepancy is attributed to a defect of rigidity in the earth.
rightful	He is the rightful lord of this country.
rigor	How can we maintain academic rigor through this process?
rime	Snowfall is greater than on Mounts Kenya and Kilimanjaro and ice rime forms in freezing mists on the mountains.
rill	It grows as steadily as the rill oozes out of the ground.
rigour	This excessive rigour was mitigated in 1561.
rimmed	Sofia pushed up her shades to display blue eyes rimmed with silver.
rimming	Some recipes in this vodka martini cocktail categoryeven call for rimming the martini glass with graham cracker crumbs to replicate the crust of the sweet citrus dessert.
ring	He slipped the ring on her finger.
rimless	However, if you like the look of rimless styles but love bold pops of color, give this one a look.
rind	It is combed out with iron hooks until the rind is all removed.
ringer	With 10% off your first order it's a dead ringer for a real humdinger!
ringed	The mountains that ringed them remained capped in their winter snow.
ringleader	In every mutiny against the discipline of the college he was the ringleader.
ringing	The door was open, so he entered without ringing the bell.
rim	He studied her for a moment over the rim of his cup.
ringlet	Whose little ringlet of a curl just missed the tiny wrist.
rink	First published with notes by Rink in 1802.
rinse	It didn't need another rinse, but she needed the time to contemplate before saying something she might regret.
riot	Skippy must have read her the riot act.
ringside	There was a packed ringside for most of the two sales.
ringworm	You can catch ringworm by touching people who are infected or by sharing things like combs or shoes.
rinsing	Rinsing the razor, he laid it aside and wiped his face with the towel.
riotous	There is a story that his youth was riotous, until Plato's example led him to reform his ways.
riparian	The riparian doctrine does not obtain in Colorado.
rip	It has a stain on it and a rip in the arm pit.
ripper	Use a seam ripper to make a small slit in the top of each piece of fringe.
ripeness	It takes three days to reach optimum ripeness.
riposte	One obvious riposte to the question Why did you steal my robe?
rise	She started to rise from her chair.
ripen	The cones do not ripen till the second year.
ripping	There was a small scream, then the crack of bone and ripping of flesh.
riptide	Then I could see a riptide five meters high moving across these two rocky outcrops on either side of the beach.
risk	I take a risk every time I go out.
rising	His temper was rising by the second.
ripple	A ripple of smothered laughter circled the room.
risc	Modules If arm assembler is the heart of the computer in physical terms, then modules are the heart of RISC OS.
rippled	Light rippled through the clouds.
risible	Hence all the fancy projections of fabulous economic returns are quite frankly risible.
riser	C - Thermit weld before removing riser and pouring gate.
ripe	The dried ripe seeds of this plant are also used in medicine.
risorgimento	In spite of the failure of his ecclesiastical scheme, he remains one of the most noteworthy figures of the Italian Risorgimento.
risky	That would be less risky and make more sense.
ritual	It had an absurd ritual and a strange uniform.
ritualist	The revival of pre-Reformation ritual by many of the High Church clergy led to the designation ritualist being applied to them in a somewhat contemptuous sense; and High Churchman and Ritualist have often been wrongly treated as convertible terms. Actually many High Churchmen are not Ritualists, though they tend to become so.
risotto	Try the risotto alla marinara or the gnocchi with tomato and basil, both at E8.50 (£ 6 ).
risen	Babylonia had risen into supreme importance for Jewish life at about the time when the Mishnah was completed.
ritualism	Certainly the asceticism and ritualism might so be interpreted, for there was among the Jews of the Dispersion an increasing tendency to asceticism, by way of protest against the excesses of the Gentiles.
ritually	Then, still upright, his stomach was slit open so that he could be ritually disemboweled.
ritualistic	Kabir denounced idolatry and the ritualistic practices of the Hindus.
rite	The French doctor held no taper; he was leaning against one of the columns in a respectful attitude implying that he, a foreigner, in spite of all differences of faith, understood the full importance of the rite now being performed and even approved of it.
riverside	Brown wrote an appreciative sketch (Boston, 1900) for the Riverside Biographical Series.
rivet	I'll teach you what to do and show you what kind of rivet to use.
rive	Epd rEty, to tear, English rive, the sense being a broken cliff or steep bank.
riverain	To these the semi-sedentary Arabs who sparsely cultivate the river valley, dwelling sometimes in huts, sometimes in caves, pay a tribute, called kubbe, or brotherhood, as do also the riverain towns and villages, except perhaps the very largest.
riven	Was early modern utopianism a means of transcending the confessional conflict with which early modern Europe was riven?
rivalry	The last thing she wanted was rivalry among the men.
river	Everything west of the river was blank.
rival	Let us consider some common phenomena in the light of these rival theories as to the nature of matter.
riverine	The riverine tribes build excellent canoes and large fighting boats, and are almost uniformly expert boatmen and fishermen and live much on the water; so much so that Hermann von Wissmann and other travellers were struck by the insignificant leg development of several of these tribes.
riveter	He worked odd jobs after leaving high school, including delivering papers for the Jersey Observer and as a riveter at a local shipyard.
riveting	He spoke again, riveting her attention on his face.
rm	Fleetwood Museum S RM 3. Encourage local entomologists to search for wall mason bee in appropriate season.
rna	Viruses represent a large group of infective agents that are composed of a core of nucleic acids, either RNA or DNA, surrounded by a layer of protein.
riviera	She relinquished her annual holiday on the Riviera, feeling that at such a time she ought not to leave her country.
rn	If we divide throughout by T, we obtain d 2 (n+3)RN T +RNd v, showing that dQ/T is a perfect differential.
rivulet	For eight months of the year the Jumna shrinks to the dimensions of a mere rivulet, meandering through a waste of sand.
rnib	Why RNIB I am looking forward to achieving a lifelong ambition.
rnli	All cash raised on the day will go toward a new £ 2.5m Tamar class lifeboat for the RNLI lifeboat station at Angle.
roadway	The bridge has a roadway of 30 ft.
roadmap	After getting to the website, you see a regular roadmap.
roadrunner	Who last year linkthe roadrunner is using the force out the window.
roadless	The Russians, then, at the beginning of June, were divided into three groups, the Southern, or offensive group (3 5,000), in the triangle Neuchwang-Haicheng-Kaiping; the Eastern or defensive group (30,000), the main body of it guarding the passes right and left of the Wiju-Liao-Yang road, the left (Cossacks) in the roadless hills of the upper Aiho and Yalu valleys, the right (Mishchenko's Cossacks and infantry supports) guarding Fenshuiling pass and the road from Takushan; the reserve (42,000) with Kuropatkin at Liao-Yang; the Ussuri Army about Vladivostok; and Stessel's two divisions in the Kwantung peninsula.
roadie	Sometime Wayward Sons roadie, Russell ' Dingle ' Byrne leaned his brick outhouse frame to hauling their PA for her.
roach	However, there is also good roach fishing here.
roan	Many species of antelope are found, mostly in small numbers, including the kudu, hartebeest, the sable and roan antelope, the white tailed and the brindled gnu, waterbuck, red buck, duiker, blesbok, palla, springbuck (numerous), steinbok, grysbok and klipspringer.
roar	The roar of guns sounded more distinct outside.
roam	I'm allowed to roam the fortress.
roadstead	The roadstead is one of the finest on the coast of England.
road	Didn't the police set up road blocks?
roadster	That's right, those skinny modern racing tires are evolved from a fat old roadster!
roast	He nearly dropped the plate of roast beef.
roadside	He was often sighted strutting down the roadside.
robe	She threw back the robe and sat up stiffly.
robbery	Robbery and pillaging continue.
robber	His first case was the defence of a notorious robber and murderer.
roaring	He should be roaring in joy.
roaster	The destruction of at least 5m bags of coffee stocks, funded by roaster companies and rich country governments.
robust	No handshake for Julie; she gave each of us a robust hug.
roasting	I'm not roasting you.
robotic	The labor to build it is now robotic and powered by free energy.
robotics	This film was definitely an endorsement for robotics.
robustness	The bracing weather of Canadian winters is followed by the warmth and humidity of genial summers, under which crops grow in almost tropical luxuriance, while the cool evenings and nights give the plants a robustness of quality which are not to be found in tropical regions, and also make life for the various domestic animals wholesome and comfortable.
rob	Rob rode up beside her.
robot	I would need the robot to be able to proactively offer suggestions.
rock	The bottom was solid rock covered with fine sand.
robin	They saw the mother robin flying about, and crying to her mate.
robustly	Roddy Martine (60-65) robustly defended Tartan Week in New York in a recent letter to Scotland on Sunday.
rochet	The name rochettum is first traceable in England; in Germany and northern France the rochet was also called saroht (sarrotus) or sarcos (sarcotium).
rocketry	The vehicle is equipped with genetics, rocketry, robotics and earth science equipment and portable planetarium.
rockery	Well adapted for carpeting the border or rockery.
roc	For a collection of legends about the roc, see Lane's Arabian Nights, chap. xx.
rockies	Just before the purchase of Louisiana, President Jefferson had recommended to Congress (18th January 1803) the sending of an expedition to explore the headwaters of the Missouri, cross the Rockies and follow the streams to the Pacific. In accordance with the recommendation Meriwether Lewis and William Clark, both officers of the United States Army, with a considerable party left St Louis on the 14th of May 1804, ascended the Missouri to the headwaters, crossed the Rockies and, following the Columbia river, reached the ocean in November 1805.
rocket	The rocket had exploded as it landed on the floor, leaving a gaping hole.
rococo	Of the eleven churches, the most interesting is the cathedral of St Stephen, a florid, rococo edifice.
rocker	There is a fireplace in the living room, with a cozy rocker next to it.
rodenticide	Antec's IPM Program also includes ZP rodent Control Pellets, an acute rodenticide which will kill any resistant rodent.
rodent	C. paca is a white-spotted rodent, about 2 ft.
robert	He might have a mustache, black hair or a shaved head for all we know, and two and a half mil­lion could buy a face-job making him look like Robert Redford.
rodeo	Yeah, I think it's more like a miniature rodeo.
roebuck	On his return to England he published an account of his voyage, which resulted in his being sent out in the Roebuck in 1699 to prosecute his discoveries further.
roe	During the summer his fortunes ebbed, and he was soon superseded by his kinsman Owen Roe O'Neill, who returned from military service abroad at the end of July.
roentgen	Chips was recently for a final a quinine factory roentgen rays.
rodman	His wife, Helena de Kay, a grand-daughter of Joseph Rodman Drake, assisted, with Saint Gaudens and others, in founding the Society of American Artists, now merged in the National Academy, and the Art Students' League of New York.
rode	They rode up the opposite hill.
rocky	The rocky walls surrounded him on every side.
rogue	He went rogue and helped Katie evade you in the underworld.
rogation	The Council of Clovesho in 747 confirmed Augustine's injunction, and ordered that the rogation days be kept up according to the way of our fathers.
roguish	She is very roguish, too.
role	The Giddon's had filled the role of family only to an extent.
roll	I caught Quinn roll his eyes.
roller	When the crop is luxuriant it is necessary to put a roller over it first, to facilitate proper burial by the plough.
rollicking	A rollicking tap dance, this song starts out slow and sweet, and builds up to be an unforgettable dance number.
roger	The Lateran council of 1139 restored peace to the Church, excommunicating Roger of Sicily, against whom Innocent undertook an expedition which proved unsuccessful.
rollout	The Government aims to reach agreements with 20 pilot local authorities for 2001-02, ahead of a planned wider rollout in 2002-03.
rom	The first passage is in Rom.
romanism	One party threatened to return to Romanism; another threatened to sacrifice the independence of Geneva and submit to Berne.
romanist	Civil war, however, broke xx1.28 a out, but Podèbrad succeeded in defeating the Romanist nobles.
romano	A Romano British village or small town is indicated.
romanticize	For some girls, it is the appeal of the beautiful music, and for other girls it is the pretty costumes and polished hair and makeup that romanticize the world of ballet.
romanticist	The controversy with Prussia about the education of children of whose parents but one was Roman Catholic led to the imprisonment of Droste-Vischering, archbishop of Cologne, and later of Dunin, archbishop of Gnesen-Posen; but the accession of the royal romanticist Frederick William IV.
romance	Actually, it wasn't romance she was looking for.
romanticism	Wilhelm Meister is a work of extraordinary variety, ranging from the commonplace realism of the troupe of strolling players to the poetic romanticism of Mignon and the harper; its flashes of intuitive criticism and its weighty apothegms add to its value as a Bildungsroman in the best sense of that word.
romp	Belle, our dog, my other companion, was old and lazy and liked to sleep by the open fire rather than to romp with me.
romanesque	Though the bishop's see was removed to Christiansand in 1685, the Romanesque cathedral church of St Swithun, founded by the English bishop Reinald in the end of the 11th century, and rebuilt after being burned down in 1272, remains, and, next to the cathedral of Trondhjem, is the most interesting stone church in Norway.
romper	Some of the more notable finds is a zebra print belted skirt, tube belted romper and a pair of shortfalls; shorts done in the style of overalls.
rolling	He started rolling his shirtsleeves up.
romish	During Charles's last illness in 1685 she showed great anxiety for his reconciliation with the Romish Church, and it was probably effected largely through her influence.
romantic	Surely he didn't mean love in the romantic sense.
roman	He recalled his labors on the Legal Code, and how painstakingly he had translated the articles of the Roman and French codes into Russian, and he felt ashamed of himself.
rompers	We also have rompers, sleep suits, shower baskets and much more.
rondo	I set out to write a piece in rondo form with technical challenges.
rondeau	The principal of these are Toledo, Sandusky, Huron, Vermilion, Lorain, Cleveland, Fairport, Ashtabula, Conneaut, Erie (a natural harbour), Dunkirk and Buffalo, Rondeau, Port Stanley, Port Burwell, Port Dover, Port Maitland and Port Colborne.
rood	The rood was carried either on a transverse beam, the rood beam, or by a gallery, the rood loft.
rome	If you visit Rome and make your way to the Forum, nearby you will see the Arch of Titus.
roofer	I am a self-employed roofer and am struggling to do my job.
roo	In America a gradient of r in roo is often known as a r% grade, one of 2 in roo as a 2% grade, and so on; thus a 0-25% grade corresponds to what in England would be known as a gradient of r in 400.
roofless	The officers, as usual, lived in twos and threes in the roofless, half- ruined houses.
rook	Rook pulled at the reins and started of his own accord.
roofing	The principal industry of the village is the manufacture of roofing tiles.
rookery	Graptolite Island now has a giant rookery - mainly Adelie Penguins.
roofed	In this case the central court is roofed over, and has an octagon lantern in the centre; the recesses are covered with horizontal ceilings carried on great beams, the whole being elaborately carved, coloured and gilded; the tomb is covered with the later type of dome, built in stone, and elaborately carved outside with delicate conventional patterns in relief.
rookie	There's Lightning McQueen, the hotshot rookie racecar.
roof	He tapped the roof of his truck with his fingernails.
roomful	Sometimes the babies are adopted, other times, like now, nothing happens and suddenly we have a roomful of them.
roominess	If you have to choose between an outfit that just fits or one that gives her room to grow, it's best to err on the side of roominess.
rootless	The premolars and molars may be rooted or rootless, with tuberculated or laminated crowns, and are arranged in an unbroken series.
roost	Parrots are gregarious and usually feed and roost in companies, but are at least temporarily monogamous.
roommate	Do you have a roommate already?
root	I'll do new potatoes and roasted root vegetables.
rooster	Carmen woke the next morning to the sound of a rooster crowing.
roomy	A large bay window sported a roomy window seat.
rooted	The jealousy of Catholic against Protestant, of south against north, were too deeply rooted.
rooting	When I watch a Terminator movie, I am rooting for the people, not the machines.
rope	Hold the rope in both hands.
room	Our room is pleasant and comfortable.
roper	The Roper is a magnificent stream, navigable for about 75 or 80 m.
ropy	It is here stirred till it becomes ropy, and the perfume, colour or any other substance desired in the soap is added.
roquet	A narrowly missed roquet robbed him of his second TP in successive games.
roquefort	The production of Roquefort cheeses is prominent among the agricultural industries.
rose	Her temper rose with her voice.
rosaceous	Dwarf rosaceous plants, three of which, W. geoides, W. fragarioides, and W. trifolia are in cultivation.
rorqual	When the aquatic members of the class are taken into consideration, the maximum dimensions are vastly greater, Sibbald's rorqual attaining a length of fully 80 ft., and being probably the bulkiest and heaviest animal that has ever existed.
roseate	This last is the beautiful roseate tern, Sterna dougalli; the other is the black tern, Hydrochelidon nigra, belonging to a genus in which the toes are only halfwebbed, of small size and dark leaden-grey plumage.
rosebay	By early summer the spring flowers have given way to the rosebay willow herb, and the bees are hard at work.
rosary	Other encyclicals, such as those on Christian marriage (Arcanum divinae sapientiae, 10th February 1880), on the Rosary (Supremi apostolatus oficii, 1st September 1883, and Superiore anno, 5th September 1898), and on Freemasonry (Humanism genus, 20th April 1884), dealt with subjects on which his predecessor had been accustomed to pronounce allocutions, and were on similar lines.
rosebud	Her rosebud mouth curved into a smile that never reached her eyes.
rosemary	Dinner specialties include prime rib, lamb with rosemary and veal oscar.
roseola	Three-day-fever (roseola infantum) Symptoms A child with three-day-fever has a high fever for three days and a pink rash covers their body.
rosewood	The montes, by which are understood plantations as well as native thickets, produce among other woods the algarrobo, a poor imitation of oak; the guayabo, a substitute for boxwood; the quebracho, of which the red kind is compared to sandalwood; and the urunday, black and white, not unlike rosewood.
rosette	The plants are apparently stemless, bearing a rosette of large, thick, fleshy leaves, or have a shorter or longer (sometimes branched) stem, along which, or towards the end of which and its branches, the generally fleshy leaves are borne.
rosin	The value of the turpentine and rosin products in 1905 was $2,434,365.
roster	Like last year, Tiger Woods delivers an impressive roster of golfing opportunities.
rostellum	This column stands up from the base of the flower, almost at right angles to the lip, and it bears at the top an anther, in the two hollow lobes of which are concealed the two pollen-masses, each with its caudicle terminating below in a roundish gland, concealed at first in the pouch-like rostellum at the front of the column.
rostral	The keel is pushed back to the distal third of the sternum, whilst the original anterior margin of the keel is correspondingly elongated,and the furcula fused with the rostral portion.
rostra	His greatest contribution to poetic art consisted in the perfection which he attained in the phalaecian, the pure iambic, and the scazon metres, and in the ease and grace with which he used the language of familiar intercourse, as distinct from that of the creative imagination, of the rostra, and of the schools, to give at once a lifelike and an artistic expression to his feelings.
rostrum	Rostrum free, not supported by either the prosternum or the basal segments of the appendages.
rota	Section II of the act ordered, inter alia, that the trial of every election petition shall be conducted before a puisne judge of one of the common law courts at Westminster and Dublin; that the said courts shall each select a judge to be placed on the rota for the trial of election petitions; that the said judges shall try petitions standing for trial according to seniority or otherwise, as they may agree; that the trial shall take place in the county or borough to which the petition refers, unless the court should think it desirable to hold it elsewhere.
rotator	The tendons of the rotator cuff are prone to this.
rotational	Careful rotational heather burning by the gamekeeper maintains a mosaic of heather of variable age.
rotatory	Cuculus canorus and trogons, is often lined with the broken-off hairs of these caterpillars, which, penetrating the cuticle, assume a regular spiral arrangement, due to the rotatory motion of the muscles of the gizzard.
rosy	I sat there for a long, long time, feeling like a fairy on a rosy cloud.
rot	Memon stopped close enough for her to smell the rot on his breath.
rote	Of course, mere rote learning will not suffice.
rotation	The rotation of the earth thus fixes the directions of north and south and defines those of east and west.
rotisserie	Specialities include hearty cassoulet, shellfish, and rotisserie chicken.
rotten	You've spoiled me rotten, you know.
rotate	They rotate on steel shafts 21 in.
rottweiler	Fortunately, Rottweiler rescues are available to help displaced Rotties find a loving, forever home.
rottenness	It must break down from inherent rottenness.
rotund	I'll be the rotund brunette no one wants to talk to!
rotunda	The prison is in the form of a rotunda, 58 yds.
rouge	She brushed away a tear, leaving a streak of smeared rouge and mascara.
rouble	Money And Tipping Up until 1992 the currency was still the old Soviet rouble.
rotor	The brake's rotor was coupled to the engine's crankshaft.
roughen	You will have to roughen up the surface first to get mechanical adhesion.
roughneck	Roughneck job openings are often available.
roughage	It provides the roughage / fiber that the rabbit needs.
roughing	His idea of roughing it was probably a car without a navigational system.
rouleau	The coins are placed in a rouleau in the hopper C and the lowest one is pushed on to the pan B by a slide not shown in the figure.
roughshod	But Tait had none of Tillotson's gentleness, and he rode roughshod over the obstacles in his way.
roundabout	The red soles came to be in a very roundabout manner.
roughness	Any roughness was levelled by polishing with ivory or a smooth shell.
roughly	Roughly speaking, Little Russia, otherwise called the Ukraine, may be described as the basin of the Dnieper southward of the 51st parallel of latitude.
roundel	On a few aircraft a red outline was applied to the fuselage roundel.
rounders	Victoria Park next to the Campus serves as an ideal green space to revise and in summer play rounders or football with friends.
rough	I don't like it when you're rough like that.
rounding	Finally he abandoned the chase and started rounding up the goats.
roundhead	Roundhead was also used during the Civil War as the name of a weapon.
roundhouse	There is an reconstructed bronze age roundhouse in one of the fields.
roundly	Roundly speaking, agriculture and soldiering are their sole occupations.
round	You ready for round two?
roundness	Shorter faces with a square jaw line and hairline want a hairstyle that contributes length and roundness.
rouse	When I sleep normally, it takes a lot more than that to rouse me.
roundish	The fruits are commonly roundish, about 12 in.
rousing	Rousing herself, she bit him and fed until revived.
route	If she saw an escape route, she was gone.
rounded	They split before the demon battle, and Rhyn rounded up all the brothers.
rout	No need to rout Josh out and make him drive 60 miles for nothing.
routine	In a few more weeks she could make a routine visit to the doctor.
router	The connector side of the router looks almost cramped due to the small dimensions.
rover	For land rover at the end the market share groups paid him.
rove	Two more helicopters landed at different helipads while the searchlights continued to rove the compound.
routinely	It was how he walked easily among all the others, never threatened and routinely confided in.
roving	The vial was in his pocket, and he strode into the Sanctuary, eyes roving for Erik or Ully.
roux	But Mr Lang's answer on that point is that this humble supernumerary in Roux de Marsilly's conspiracy simply became one more wretched victim of the red tape of the old French absolute monarchy.
rower	As you become more experienced, you can use shorter strokes and begin to move together, since each rower needs less space.
rowdy	We got a bit rowdy.
rowan	I saw them Wednesday last when I went to Dr. Rowan's for my weekly examination and both were ill from the mountain cold and drafty quarters.
royalism	But his downright loyalty was incompatible with the spirit of concession and compromise which prevailed in the prince's council in 1649-1650, and he withdrew from active participation in the cause of royalism.
rowing	Short axis of rowing feathers of wing.
royalty	In his own day he took high rank as a pulpit orator, and even royalty had to beg for a seat amongst his audiences; but his sermons are now forgotten.
royally	At the same time he royally entertained the people and no less royally rewarded his brave officers.
rp	The remarkable medusa Mnestra parasites is ecto-para- '' rp m sitic throughout life sr..
row	She pointed down the row of stalls.
rsa	The monitor works by measuring respiratory sinus arrhythmia (RSA ).
rpm	This box only opens the pilot air valve between 500-2000 rpm, and is the most common un-restricted SAPC box available.
royal	I had a battle royal with Helen this morning.
royalist	Cromwell was present at the sieges of Bridgwater, Bath, Sherborne and Bristol; and later, in command of four regiments of foot and three of horse, he was employed in clearing Wiltshire and Hampshire of the royalist garrisons.
rspb	Contrary to what the RSPB and English Nature would have us believe, curlews are doing fine on upland moors managed for grouse shooting.
rspca	The Born Free Foundation joins the RSPCA call for captive breeding programs to end.
rsv	Almost maniacal care has been taken over the RSV 1000 R Factory with attention lavished on even the smallest details.
ru	Fusion with caustic potash converts it into a mixture of potassium ruthenate and ruthenium sesquioxide, Ru 2 0 3, which is a black, almost insoluble powder.
rsvp	Ask guests to give shower hostesses a baby picture once they've sent in an RSVP to the baby shower.
rubber	They had the consistency of rubber mats.
rubbery	He looks like a frog, with those eyes and those rubbery lips.
rubble	Common rubble walls are the worst of all.
rubbly	On this should be laid at least a foot thick of coarse, hard, rubbly material, a layer of rough turf, grass side downwards, being spread over it to prevent the compost from working down.
rub	Not rub his face in it.
rubefacient	Externally chloroforrr ‘ is an antiseptic, a local anaesthetic if allowed to evaporate, and a rubefacient, causing the vessels of the skin to dilate, if rubbed in.
rubbish	Rubbish in your green bin should be bagged up.
rubbing	Jessi was rubbing her face, distraught.
rubiaceae	Amongst Rubiaceae, Cinchoneae with some outliers in the Old World have their headquarters at cooler levels.
rubicon	I was like one who never casts a look behind, who hesitates before some Rubicon to be crossed, but having touched the farther bank sees no more the shore he has just left.
rubidium	Rubidium, caesium, thallium, indium and gallium were first discovered by means of this instrument; the study of the rare earths is greatly facilitated, and the composition of the heavenly bodies alone determinable by it.
ruble	He took out an assignation ruble note and gave it to Karataev.
rod	The rod was bent in the middle so that it could be turned as with a crank.
rubric	The evidence is now clear that the Rubric refers to the first Prayer Book.
ruched	The new High Summer Collection features ruched tops, provocative beachwear, silk combat trousers and a khaki parka made of delicate parachute silk.
ruc	The scrapping of the RUC's name and badge is deeply hurtful.
ruckle	Proceeding up the west coast of Tanganyika, he reached Ujiji on the 14th of March 1869, a ruckle of bones.
ruby	It wasn't his ruby at her neck.
rucksack	Lana approached the couch, where the large rucksack sat.
ruckus	Chances are, he won't even remember what all the ruckus was about a few hours later.
ruching	Instead of wearing lace, which can trap sand, use pleats or ruching.
ruck	Our bodies were reduced by Lotze to the general ruck of phenomenal appearances.
rudd	The first is on what are described as free risers which include dace, rudd and chub.
rudder	Use a stern rudder to control the kayak's direction.
ruddy	She is large, strong, and ruddy, and as unrestrained in her movements as a young colt.
rude	It simply wasn't like him to be rude like that.
rudeness	I do not find rudeness or boasting to be endearing in the slightest bit.
rudely	The dialectic of negative reason rudely dispels these theories.
rudiment	The fibula is reduced to a mere rod-like rudiment of the upper end.
rudimentary	The nervous mechanism thus formed is very rudimentary, but in.
rue	The Alamo car company was going to rue the day they offered me unlimited mileage.
rueful	Daniel just looked at him with a rueful grin.
ruff	Obviously you need to find partner's entry to get your spade ruff.
ruffle	The sea breeze seemed to pierce her skull and ruffle through her brain.
ruffian	He was not a ruffian or a tyrant like his father, and had indeed not a few of the domestic virtues.
ruffed	The ruffed grouse (or partridge) is the most common of game birds, but woodcock, ducks and geese are quite common.
rufous	Bulls of the typical bantin of Java and Borneo are, when fully adult, completely black except for the white rump and legs, but the cows and young are rufous.
rug	She sprawled on the rug near the fireplace.
rugby	After being privately educated by his mother and tutors, he entered Rugby school in 1841.
rugose	The crop is modified into a large and very rugose triturating apparatus, while the gizzard, thereby relieved of its function, is reduced to the utmost.
ruggedly	On its northern side this mountain group rises ruggedly and precipitously from the Hirschberg valley; but on its southern side its slope towards Bohemia is very much more gradual.
ruggedness	It's an urban shoe with the ruggedness you need and expect from a performance shoe.
rugger	I used to play rugger at the Dragon School!
ruination	The unprecedented rise of competition between the monopolies is leading to the ruination of the economy at home.
rugged	The rest of the island is rugged and mountainous.
ruinous	The results were ruinous to France.
rule	But I didn't make that rule up.
ruled	I ruled Death's domain for countless millennia.
ruin	First you ruin my tie, now my shoes.
rumble	A low rumble brought her attention to the horizon.
rulership	Notwithstanding the new amir's incapacity, and some jealousy between the real leaders, Abdur Rahman and his uncle, they again routed Shere Ali's forces, and occupied Kandahar in 1867; and when at the end of that year Afzul Khan died, Azim Khan succeeded to the rulership, with Abdur Rahman as his governor in the northern province.
rumba	In fact he has been described as the man who introduced the rumba to Europe.
rumbling	The rumbling of the earth ceased.
ruler	He was the chief ruler of that great city.
rumen	The interior of the rumen or paunch has no tags or villi on its surface, and there is no distinct psalterium or manyplies.
rum	It is made of currant juice boiled with water and sugar to which some spirit, usually rum, is added.
ruling	I'm a member of the ruling pack.
ruminate	Gently accept it; you cannot change it, and the more you ruminate over it, the worse it will make you feel.
rumination	Different than beer, different than spirit alcohol, wine inherently lends itself more to in-depth analysis, rumination, introspection, chit-chat, and general critiquing.
ruminant	As already stated, there is a possibility of this latter ruminant being allied both to the takin and the musk-ox.
rummy	Something about spending his gin rummy winnings.
rummage	Let him rummage around inside it and find all those treasures himself.
rumor	Do you remember that rumor in school?
rumour	This rumour, however, has no serious foundation.
rumored	We strolled up the main street, rumored to be the widest in the country, but I don't know who measures.
rumpus	There was a great rumpus downstairs this morning.
run	I didn't run away.
rumoured	In Florence he entered the Society of Jesus, taking the habit in Rome in 1655; it was calumniously rumoured that he adopted this course in order to escape punishment for having poisoned his wife.
rump	He slapped his horse on the rump and bolted.
runaway	Carmen stared at him, trying to follow his runaway thought train.
runaround	The insurance company constantly gives you the runaround.
runic	Other letters, however, have been taken over from the Runic and Latin alphabets.
runabout	My motoring life actually started on a 50cc moped, a Raleigh Runabout & it was my first new vehicle reg no.
rune	By collecting rune stones and gems, you can add powerful bonuses to weapons and armor.
runnel	Alcock observed one of these crabs drinking from a runnel of rain-water, by dipping the fingers of one of its chelipeds into the water and then carrying the wet fingers to its mouth.
runny	He has some sneezing and a minor runny nose.
rubella	Some prenatal factors known to contribute to growth retardation include a variety of maternal health problems, including toxemia, kidney and heart disease, infections such as rubella and maternal malnutrition.
runway	When it finally started down the runway, she closed her eyes.
runt	The smallest one of the litter was called the runt.
runtime	This makes a CGI's runtime behavior strongly coupled to the environment setup by the web server.
rung	The bells of the churches were rung as they passed.
rupee	A special silver coin of rupee value has been introduced.
runner	He had, further, a noble bearing and majestic walk, a frame capable of enduring any amount of fatigue, and is said to have been the best shot, the best spearman, the best runner, and the best horseman in Abyssinia.
rupture	The bleeding from a rupture can send you into shock.
ruse	It was only a ruse to get her alone.
russet	The preachers were picturesque figures in long russet dress down to the heels, who, staff in hand, preached in the mother tongue to the people in churches and graveyards, in squares, streets and houses, in gardens and pleasure grounds, and then talked privately with those who had been impressed.
rusk	The penitentiaries are at Huntsville and Rusk, and there is a reform school for juvenile offenders at Gainesville.
russ	Cindy, sleeping with Russ isn't the worst thing that has happened to you.
rural	Pop. including a large rural district and several villages (1890), 31,498; (1908, estimate), 33,000.
running	You're running out of time, she said.
rushy	The sun is going down over the rushy field.
russification	Any idea of proselytism is quite foreign to the ordinary Russian mind, and the outbursts of proselytizing zeal occasionally manifested by the clergy are really due to the desire for Russification, and traceable to the influence of the higher clergy and of the government.
rush	Well, don't rush things.
rusticity	The green rusticity of Whittier's farm and village life imparted a bucolic charm to such lyrics as In School Days, The Barefoot Boy, Telling the Bees, Maud Muller, and My Schoolmate.
rustically	The bold hues of red, gold, and blue are predominant in these rustically inspired prints.
rustle	The forest was cold, the rustle of pine trees against one another faint.
rust	Iron rust sometimes contains magnetite.
rut	I've been in a rut for a long time.
rustling	Suddenly he heard a rustling noise behind him.
rustic	Today, we leave this rustic life and move to the city.
rutaceae	These are connected by the presence of peculiar types, Proteaceae, Restiaceae, Rutaceae, &c., mostly shrubby in habit and on the whole somewhat intolerant of a moist climate.
rusty	He hurried to his rusty Ford and by the time he pulled out on Ocean View Avenue, the man was out of sight and out of mind.
ruthlessness	These and other actions indicate that William could show on occasion a cold and cynical ruthlessness.
russian	There were two Germans and a Russian officer in the room.
ruthenium	Pure ruthenium tetroxide distils over.
ruthlessly	He was known to be ruthlessly efficient, but somewhat of a showman.
rutty	For twenty-two years I have lived amongst these pollarded trees, these rutty roads, beside these tangled thickets and streams along whose banks only children and sheep can pass.
ruth	Like the stories appended to Judges (by a post-Deuteronomic hand) the book of Ruth connects itself with Bethlehem, the.
ruthless	He could be ruthless, but was not habitually cruel.
ryegrass	Amongst grasses the highest place must be assigned to ryegrass, especially - to the Italian variety, commonly called Lolium italicum.
ryot	In official usage the term is applied to any person, whether owner of a large estate or cultivating member of a village community, who is recognized as possessing some property in the soil, as opposed to the ryot, who is regarded as having only a right of occupancy, subject in both cases to payment of the land revenue assessed on his holding.
saa	Instruction by a rebreather diver of trainee's on open circuit SCUBA is not covered under SAA Insurance.
sabbatarian	Though indeed we might look nearer home than the Talmud for similar absurdities; most Puritan communities could furnish strange freaks of Sabbatarian casuistry.
sabbat	Marti, in his stimulating work Religion des A.T., pp. 5, 72, advocates the exclusive reference of the word Sabbath to the full moon until the time of Ezekiel on the basis of Meinhold's arguments in Sabbat u.
sabbatical	Quinn's sabbatical project lost its funding.
sabaean	Kharid, the ancient Caminacum, and Kharibat el Beda, the Nesca of Pliny, where the Sabaean army was defeated by the Romans under Aelius Gallus in 24 B.C. From El Jail Halevy travelled northward, passing the oasis of Khab, and skirting the great desert, reached the fertile district of Nejran, where he found a colony of Jews, with whom he spent several weeks in the oasis of Makhlaf.
sa	Of Sa`d-ud-Din's successors in the office of imperial historiographer the most remarkable for literary power is Na`ima.
sabin	Since the year 2000, the Sabin vaccine (also called the oral polio vaccine or OPV) has been discontinued in the United States, although it is still being used in other countries.
saber	Three years later he convoked the Saber (parliament) at Uskiib to begin a codification of the laws and legal usages.
s	Some arrivals have been diverted to Manchester since the opening of the Manchester ship s canal; shipments through the canal from the 1st of entry, September to the 30th of August in each year for the decade 1894-1895 to 1904-1905 are appended - six to eight times as much is still unloaded at Liverpool.
rye	The rye crop was 148,000 bushels, and the acreage 11,000.
sabotage	Limit time with people who sabotage your efforts.
sable	The tails are used for artists' sable brushes.
sabra	Sent by Alexandra Sabra a 3 toed sloth, and a lion. a lazy lie in.
rv	If the total resistance against which the train is maintained in motion with an instantaneous velocity of V feet per second is R, the rate at which energy is expended in moving the train is represented by the product RV, and this must be the rate at which energy is supplied to the train after deducting all losses due to transmission from the source of power.
saccade	That is, to aim for a new target object or to explore the same object with a second saccade.
sabretache	Rostov also tried to rise but fell back, his sabretache having become entangled in the saddle.
sabre	Earlier in the work, however, we have the adventures of Brutus; of his follower Corineus, the vanquisher of the Cornish giant Goemagol (Gogmagog); of Locrinus and his daughter Sabre (immortalized in Milton's Comus); of Bladud the builder of Bath; of Lear and his daughters; of the three pairs of brothers, Ferrex and Porrex, Brennius and Belinus, Elidure and Peridure.
saccate	Asplanchnopus myrmeleo, showing horseshoe-shaped germarium (left), blind saccate stomach (right), apical bladder, foot, &c.; g, Asplanchna ebbesbornii - the coiled tube at left is a kidney; h, i, incudate jaws of Asplanchna brightwellii and girodii chiefly formed of rami, with the rudimentary mallei parallel and external to them; j, Ascomorpha hyalina.
sabbath	As most of the records appealed to are from temple archives, it may be expected that the Sabbath days would show an increased number of records.
saccharin	This product contains saccharin, which has been determined to cause cancer in laboratory animals.
sac	This sac has been already referred to as a coelomoduct.
saccharose	Cane sugar, saccharose or saccharobiose, is the most important sugar; its manufacture is treated below.
saccharine	She accepted his hand and gave him a saccharine smile.
saccharum	The view, often repeated, that the saccharum of the ancients is the hydrate of silica, sometimes found in bamboos and known in Arabian medicine as tabashir, is refuted by Yule, Anglo-Indian Glossary, p. 654; see also Not.
saccular	A posterior saccular aneurysm may not be so obvious.
sacculated	It is at times sacculated, but its chief interest is that, as Lebedinsky 1 has shown, the tip of the caecum in embryonic life opens to the exterior as the blastopore.
sachet	It even has a secret pocket to keep a refillable catnip sachet.
sackbut	The famous opening sackbut fanfare is thrilling; it is a fascinating evening.
sacerdotalism	With the growth of clerical sacerdotalism the higher standard was demanded also of the clergy, and the principle came to be generally recognized that they should live the monastic life so far as was consistent with their active duties in the world.
sachem	August Belmont eventually attained the coveted eminence of Grand Sachem of the Tammany Society.
sackful	I have a sackful of letters to parents.
sacerdotal	It thus became in a high degree symbolical of the exaltation of the sacerdotal power.
sackcloth	The sun becomes black as sackcloth made of hair and the moon becomes like blood.
sack	She jerked on the sack again.
sacking	Here also Owen Glendower unfurled the banner of Welsh independence; from here, in 1401, he harassed the country, sacking Montgomery, burningWelshpool, and destroying Cwm Hir (long combe, or valley) abbey, of which some columns are said to be now in Llanidloes old church..
sacramentalism	In spite of the fact that in a few of its later representatives Gnosticism assumed a more refined and spiritual aspect, and even produced blossoms of a true and beautiful piety, it is fundamentally and essentially an unstable religious syncretism, a religion in which the determining forces were a fantastic oriental imagination and a sacramentalism which degenerated into the wildest superstitions, a weak dualism fluctuating unsteadily between asceticism and libertinism.
sacred	There was something sacred about his trust in her.
sacramentary	In the later series of Western rituals, beginning with that which is known as the Leonine Sacramentary, this practice is almost universal.
sacral	There are only two or three vertebrae which are equivalent to those of the reptiles; these true sacrals are situated in a level just behind the acetabulum; as a rule between these two primary sacral vertebrae issues the last of the spinal nerves which contributes to the composition of the sciadic plexus.
sacramentarian	In theology he followed Zwingli, and at the sacramentarian conferences of Heidelberg (1560) and Maulbronn (1564) he advocated by voice and pen the Zwinglian doctrine of the Lord's Supper, replying (1565) to the counter arguments of the Lutheran Johann Marbach, of Strassburg.
sacra	The island between the two arms acquired the name of Insula Sacra (still called Isola Sacra) by which Procopius mentions it.
sacramental	White is also the colour proper to sacramental processions, and generally to all devotions connected with the exposition of the Blessed Sacrament.
sacrilegious	A decree of disposition was now issued against the sacrilegious vali, who had dared to fire shots in Constantinople, the residence of the caliph, and the centre of security.
sacrilege	But wherever the idea of sacred exists, sacrilege is possible..
sacrificer	The building of this altar is spread over a whole year, during which period the sacrificer has to carry about the sacrificial fire in an earthen pan for at least some time each day, until it is finally deposited on the completed altar to serve as the offering-fire for the Soma oblations.
sacrament	They wished to administer the sacrament of unction.
sacrificial	It was as if he'd tossed out a sacrificial lamb to a flock of vultures.
sacredness	But Fetishism must very early have developed into Animism, the feeling of the sacredness of the object into the sense of an indwelling spirit.
sacristan	How does the sacristan come back to life to kill after he has put the pneumatic drill through his chest?
sacrosanct	Some rules that Paul regarded as sacrosanct we have now jettisoned.
sacristy	In the sacristy is some fine silverwork.
sacrum	In many birds some of the thoracic vertebrae are more or less coOssified, in most pigeons for instance the 15th to 17th; in most Galli the last cervical and the next three or four thoracics are coalesced, &c. The pelvic vertebrae include of course the sacrum.
sacrifice	I admire the effort and sacrifice you put into it.
saddleback	In the mountains of British Columbia are the bighorn or Rocky Mountain sheep and the Rocky Mountain goat, while the saddleback and white mountain sheep have recently been discovered in the northern Cordillera.
saddler	Here, at the age of 13, he was apprenticed to a saddler.
sadism	We have confronted the authorities and people of Spanish towns who perpetrate such sadism.
sadness	There was sadness in her voice.
sae	Thou need na start awa sae hasty, wi bickering brattle!
safe	She felt safe and secure.
sadistic	I don't want to sleep with some sadistic man-whore, and I don't want rabies.
saddlery	The various trades of weaving, saddlery, glove-making, collarmaking, candle-making and soap-making were carried on during the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries, but have lost their importance.
saddle	Twisting in the saddle, she soaked in the scene behind them.
safari	The safari tours were going well.
sadly	But sadly, other people don't think his work is any good.
sagacious	The army had appeared a hard master when it ent its strength to a wise and sagacious rule.
safeguard	To safeguard himself in the rear Charles VIII.
safflower	The Egyptians, though acquainted with the bastard safflower, do not seem to have possessed saffron; but it is named in Canticles iv.
sag	Dean's gear was now being transported by sag wagon like everyone else's.
saffron	The Blackwater in Essex, which rises near Saffron Walden, has a course of about 40 m.
saga	So far, this saga of Annie Quincy is going just like we thought.
sagacity	This discovery was not accidental or unforeseen, but was due to the sagacity of those who designed the voyage.
sagging	Even his hat was sagging with moisture.
sagitta	Only three genera, Sagitta, Spadella and Krohnia, are recognised, and the number of species is small.
sagittaria	Among the nine hundred species of Solanum less than a dozen have this property of forming tubers, but similar growths are formed at the ends of the shoots of the common bramble, of Convolvulus sepium, of Helianthus tuberoses, the so-called Jerusalem artichoke, of Sagittaria, and other plants.
safely	She returned safely for the first time in a fortnight.
sagittal	The skull generally lacks a sagittal crest; and the condyle of the lower jaw is transversely elongated.
safety	Put safety first and be careful.
sage	The Ancient Greek culture placed a high value on those who had sage wisdom.
saguaro	The saguaro cactus is the most obvious manifestation of this arid habitat.
sagittarius	Sagittarius, figured later as a Centaur, stood for the Babylonian Mars.
sahib	His adopted son was the infamous Nana Sahib.
saiga	The great order of Ungulata is represented by various forms of sheep, as many as ten or twelve wild species of Ovis being met with in the mountain chains of Asia; and more sparingly by several peculiar forms of antelope, such as the saiga (Saiga tatarica), and the Gazella gutturosa, or yellow sheep. Coming to the deer, we also meet with characteristic forms in northern Asia, especially those belonging to the typical genus Cervus.
sago	Among the products are coco-nuts, sago, fish, trepang, timber, copra, maize, yams and tobacco.
sailboat	Darian, who had willingly hired a sailboat and sailed straight into a tropical storm.
sahara	In the Tunisian Sahara rain is most uncertain.
sailcloth	The principal articles of manufacture have long been sailcloth, cordage, linen and fishing-nets.
sailor	I am going to be a sailor and nothing else.
sainfoin	Clover, lucerne and sainfoin make up the bulk of artificial pasturage, while vetches, crimson clover and cabbage are the other chief forage crops.
sainted	But soon you 'd be home, and nagging your sainted mother for an empty shoe-box.
said	She said something and then rode ahead.
sainthood	He's about to be nominated for sainthood.
saintliness	To the saintliness of the cloister he added the wisdom of the man of the world; he was constant in misfortune, not elated by prosperity, never carrying things to the sweating-point', but preserving, in a time of universal corruption, unreality and self-indulgence, a nature sweet, pure, self-denying, unaffected.
saith	The prophets use the formula, Thus saith the Lord, but he goes beyond them and speaks in his own name, Amen, I say unto you.
sail	Before he set sail for Egypt, the French had taken possession of Rome.
saiva	His doctrine, which may be said to constitute a kind of reaction against the severe sacerdotalism of Sankara, has spread over all classes of the southern community, most of the priests of Saiva temples there being adherents of it; whilst in northern India its votaries are only occasionally met with, and then mostly as mendicants, leading about a neatly caparisoned bull as representing Siva's sacred bull Nandi.
saintly	It's when my thoughts wander to that saintly man.
saker	In 1845, at which time there was a flourishing trade in slaves between Cameroon and America, the Baptist Missionary Society made its first settlement on the mainland of Africa, Alfred Saker (1814-1880) obtaining from the Akwa family the site for a mission station.
sailing	She sent a chair sailing across the room.
saki	Saki eyewear is targeted toward the business professional.
salaam	He gave salaam at the end of the second rak'ah.
saint	Then the saint stopped speaking and looked around him.
salacious	And now I shall demonstrate my salacious side.
sal	The sal grows to a large size, and is more gregarious than the teak.
salable	This allows them to increase their salable material.
salamander	In fact, among the remaining land vertebrates, only the black salamander (Salamandra atra) is exclusively alpine.
sake	I need your help for the sake of humanity.
salami	There were exotic cheeses, a crusty baguette, hard salami and melon wrapped in prosciutto.
salaried	No person holding a lucrative office under the state or the United States, no salaried officer of a railroad company, and no officer of any court of record is eligible for membership in either house.
salep	An orchis found in the mountain yields the dried tuber which affords the nutritious mucilage called salep; a good deal of this goes to India.
saleable	Thus they became transferable to laymen and saleable like ordinary property, in spite of the injunctions of the third Lateran Council, and they became payable out of sources of income which were not originally tithable.
salary	There was a position open at a private home, but the salary had to be wrong.
salesman	The salesman heartily agreed.
saleswoman	I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman, Where's the self help section?
salesmanship	In fact, copywriting has even been called salesmanship in print.
salespeople	They are unscrupulous salespeople earning fat commissions selling dud investments .
salesperson	You are being helped by an excellent salesperson who has been working there for twenty-five years.
sale	I bought 'em at a garage sale right down the street.
salicin	It was discovered in 1838 by Piria as a decomposition product of salicin.
salicylate	The salicylate of colchicine is stable in water and may be given in doses of about one-thirtieth of a grain.
saliferous	The gypsiferous and saliferous marls of Shellata, Suk Ahras and Ain Nussi have yielded Triassic fossils.
salient	Only salient points can be indicated.
salicornia	Hill i has shown that the roothairs of Salicornia possess this property.
salii	One of the greater flamens was attached to the service of Quirinus, a second college of Salii founded in his honour, and a festival Quirinalia celebrated on the 17th of February, the day of the supposed translation of Romulus to heaven.
salina	Some of these - Vera Cruz, Tampico, Coatzacoalcos, Salina Cruz, Manzanillo and Mazatlan - have been greatly improved with costly port works.
salicylic	Hydrolysis with baryta water gives acetic and salicylic acids.
salinity	The average salinity of the whole surface of the oceans may be taken as 34.5 per mille.
salad	He stirred his potato salad thoughtfully.
saline	Saline water is obtained daily in the season from Builth Wells.
salivate	If you are like most sports bettors, the words college football parlay makes you salivate.
salivary	The salivary glands are the modified nephridia of the segment of the oral papillae.
salivation	In large doses it is a poison causing giddiness, deafness, salivation, sweating and convulsions.
saliva	Venom replaced saliva and his jaw began to ache.
salix	There were oaks, beeches (scarcely distinguishable from existing species), birches, planes and willows (one closely related to the living Salix candida), laurels, represented by Sassafras and Cinnamomum, magnolias and tulip trees (Liriodendron), myrtles, Liquidambar, Diospyros and ivy.
sallow	He had lost weight and his skin had a sallow look.
salmon	The catch and canning of salmon are particularly important.
salle	In 1838 Lundy removed to Lowell, La Salle county, Illinois, where he printed several copies of the Genius of Universal Emancipation.
salmonid	Salmonid pellet feed consists of primarily marine-derived material and thus exhibits carbon and nitrogen stable isotopic compositions distinct to most freshwater organic material.
salmonella	People living in rural areas have been raising backyard chickens for decades without any trouble, but diseases like avian flu have raised a number of concerns, as has the possibility of salmonella.
salmonellosis	Rats can transmit many diseases to humans, including salmonellosis (food poisoning) and Weils disease.
sally	Most of the guests, uncertain how to regard this sally, looked at the elders.
saloon	She took a job in a saloon so she could eat.
salt	You can get that salt shaker now, Cynthia.
salsify	Other plants to try include black salsify (oyster plant ), coriander, lettuce, onion family, pennyroyal, rosemary and sage.
salpingitis	Title Observations concerning the microbial etiology of acute salpingitis.
saltation	Waagen's law of mutation, or the appearance of new parts or organs so gradually that they can be perceived only by following them through successive geologic time stages, appears to be directly contradictory to the saltation principle; it is certainly one of the most firmly established principles of palaeontology, and it constitutes the contribution par excellence of this branch of zoology to the law of evolution, since it is obvious that it could not possibly have been deduced from comparison of living animals but only through the long perspective gained by comparison of animals succeeding each other in time.
saltatory	The views of de Vries and others as to the importance of saltatory variation, the soundness of which was still by no means generally accepted in 1910, may be gathered from the articles Mendelismvi and Variation.
salter	The salter waters apparently tend to make their way westwards close to the African coast, and at the bottom the highest salinities have been observed south of Crete.
salted	In its outskirts and the surrounding country are an immense number of xarqueadas (slaughter-houses), with large open yards where the dressed beef, lightly salted, is exposed to the sun and air.
saltiness	Also, our taste buds get used to high levels of salt, so you might not notice the saltiness of some foods.
salon	Despite her increasing ill-health she returned to Paris for the winter of 1816-1817, and her salon was much frequented.
saltire	His wife wears a mantle ornamented with the Verney arms and an engrailed saltire.
saltness	The chief facts already established are the greater saltness of the North Atlantic compared with the South Atlantic at all.depths, and the low salinity at all depths in the eastern equatorial region, off the Gulf of Guinea.
salting	In curd soaps, however, which form the basis of most household soap, the uncombined alkali and the glycerin are separated by salting out, and the soap in this condition contains about 30% of water.
saltpetre	Among the Arabian and later alchemists we find attempts made to collate compounds by specific properties, and it is to these writers that we are mainly indebted for such terms as alkali, sal, &c. The mineral acids, hydrochloric, nitric and sulphuric acids, and also aqua regia (a mixture of hydrochloric and nitric acids) were discovered, and the vitriols, alum, saltpetre, sal-ammoniac, ammonium carbonate, silver nitrate (lunar caustic) became better known.
salubrious	There were many salubrious eating establishments.
salty	They have a bitter, salty taste.
saltwater	Such a saltwater saucer of fresh water is maintained full to overflowing by the rainfall, and owing to the frictional resistance of the sand and to capillary action and the fact that a given column of fresh water is balanced by a shorter column of sea water, the fresh water never sinks to the mean sea-level unless artificially abstracted.
salubrity	Its salubrity has been increased by the draining of many marshes in the neighbourhood of the larger towns.
salutation	Connie stammered out a prim salutation, still staring at him, and Lisa blushed at Giddon's obvious amusement.
salute	Finally he lifted his glass of tea in a half salute to her.
salutary	Unfortunately this salutary legislation remained a dead letter.
salvage	It wasn't enough to salvage his mess, but it was a start.
salvaged	He could be salvaged, if he chose to be.
salvific	Why should an all-powerful god pick such a crude and clumsy way of passing on His salvific message?
salvia	Clianthus Clivia Cobaea* Coleus Coprosma Cordyline Correa Cuphea Cyclamen Cyperus Cytisus Darwinia (Genetyllis) Diosma Dracaena Eccremocarpus* Epacris Epiphyllum Erica Eriostemon Erythrina Eucalyptus Eupatorium Eurya Ficus Fuchsia Grevillea Haemanthusf Heliotropium Hibiscus Hoya* Hydrangea Impatiens Jasminum * Justicia Kalosanthes Lachenaliaf Lantana Lapageria * Liliumt Lophospermum* Mandevillea* Manettia* Mutisia* Myrsiphyllum* Maurandya * Nerinef Nerium Pelargonium Petunia Pimelia Plumbago* Polianthesf Primula Rhododendron Richardia (Calla) f Salvia Sarracenia Solanum Sparmannia Statice Strelitzia Streptocarpus Swainsonia Tacsonia* Tecoma Tradescantia Vallotaf Spring Bedding.
salve	I have some salve in the barn.
samara	Livonia Minsk Mogilev Moscow Nizhniy-Novgorod Novgorod Olonets Orel Orenburg Penza Perm Podolia Poltava Pskov Ryazan St Petersburg Samara Piotrkow Plock Radom St Michel Tavastehus Uleaborg Stavropol Elizavetpol Erivan Kars Saratov Simbirsk Smolensk Tambov Taurida Tula Tver Ufa Vilna Vitebsk Vladimir Volhynia Vologda Voronezh Vyatka Yaroslavl Siedlce Suwalki Warsaw Viborg Vasa Terek Kutais Tiflis with Zakataly Akmolinsk Semipalatinsk The Steppes Turgai Uralsk Semiryechensk Samarkand Ferghana Syr-darya The effects of emigration and immigration cannot be estimated with accuracy, because only those who cross the frontier with passports are taken account of.
salver	On the salver lay some verses composed and printed in the hero's honor.
salvo	To John, William did homage (1200) salvo jure suo.
same	It was the same man, she was sure of it.
sambar	The former is imported in large quantities from the Sambar lake and Ramsur.
samaritan	Here was an opportunity to sneak away, and be a good Samaritan in the process.
sam	Sam stood and smiled.
samizdat	On the one hand, a number of hitherto banned books, circulating only in samizdat form, could be published in print.
samba	This line-up includes at least five samba drummers and three dancers.
sameness	This uniformity is not based on the sameness of either the intellectual or the organic functions alone, but on the correspondence of the forms of thought and sensation with the forms of being.
sammy	Mommy puts Sammy down while gently admonishing her to be more careful.
salvation	But man's salvation was to be gradual.
samosa	We kicked off with vegetable pakora, onion bhaji, mushroom bhaji, and vegetable samosa (all £ 1.00).
samoyed	Samoyed dog pup to breed to her maltese.
samovar	Get the samovar ready!...
samoan	Another class of nocturnal demons are the incubi and succubi, who are said to consort with human beings in their sleep; in the Antilles these were the ghosts of the dead; in New Zealand likewise ancestral deities formed liaisons with females; in the Samoan Islands the inferior gods were regarded as the fathers of children otherwise unaccounted for; the Hindus have rites prescribed by which a companion nymph may be secured.
samphire	It is interesting to find maritime plants, such as the samphire, growing on their shores a thousand miles from the sea and more than a thousand feet above it.
samurai	In Japan of the 12th century, samurai warriors were well versed in the arts, and might easily have used origami during the course of Shinto worship or as a form of artistic expression.
sampler	The free sampler he brought along tonight sounds most intriguing.
sampson	In February 1898 Sampson, then a captain, was president of Board of Inquiry as to the cause of destruction of the Maine.
samson	On this occasion a procession escorting figures of two giants, Goliath, called locally Goyasse, and Samson, forms the chief feature of the celebration.
sanatoria	At Peekskill are the Peekskill military academy (1833, nonsectarian); St Mary's school, Mount St Gabriel (Protestant Episcopal), a school for girls established by the sisterhood of St Mary; the Field memorial library; St Joseph's home (Roman Catholic); the Peekskill hospital, and several sanatoria.
sanctified	Even an unbelieving husband or wife is sanctified by a believing partner.
sanatorium	There are several infirmaries and hospitals, and a sanatorium for children.
sample	They probably got my blood sample mixed up.
sanctimonious	I'd be more sympathetic with you if you weren't so sanctimonious about it.
sanctification	Then after a prayer for sanctification, or for worthy reception, followed the Lord's Prayer, and after the Lord's Prayer the communion.
sampling	There are ore sampling works and brick-making establishments.
sanctify	Bless and sanctify my soul with heavenly benediction, so that it may become Your holy dwelling and the seat of Your eternal glory.
sanctum	Also next month, we enter the inner sanctum of one of the world's truly great make-up artists.
sanctity	He may be said to have believed in the sanity and sanctity of the state rather than of the Church.
sandbag	Not the least extraordinary feature of the battle that followed is the part played by a sangar of stones at the head of Quarry Ravine and a small battery, called the Sandbag Battery, made as a temporary emplacement for two heavy guns a few days before.
sandbank	The first actual find of a palaeolithic implement was that of a rudely fashioned flint in a sandbank at Menchecourt in 1841 by Boucher de Perthes.
sandal	The white sandal heels gave the ensemble a dressy look.
sanded	They were mudded, sanded and ready to paint.
sanctuary	He returned to the Sanctuary, to the Oracle, who was busy scribbling.
sander	Using a tile sander, smooth over the cut edges of the tile.
sanders	The Sanders had even helped her with the chores sometimes.
sanction	We had tacit official sanction, on our terms.
sandman	Check out a few of the offerings the site has by the band like Enter Sandman, St. Anger and Master of Puppets.
sanding	Tack cloth - Use tack cloth to pick up the sawdust left behind from sanding.
sandstorm	For the last three days there has been a minor sandstorm blowing.
sandpaper	The old door felt like a piece of rough sandpaper.
sane	In sane moments we regard only the facts, the case that is.
sandy	Gerald lifted sandy brows.
sandstone	Much of the building material is a brown sandstone obtained from quarries only 3 m.
sandwich	I'm going to make myself a sandwich and get back to work.
sang	They all sang something.
sandpiper	The Common Sandpiper is found over the greater part of the Old World.
sanga	Fabius Sanga, their patron in Rome, who in his turn acquainted Cicero.
sangar	The independent states are Sumbawa proper, Dompo, Sangar and Bima.
sandstorm	For the last three days there has been a minor sandstorm blowing.
sanguinary	Thus terminated the long and sanguinary struggle of the Peninsular War.
sangria	At precisely the time the votes were being counted, I was probably sipping a sangria on a balmy Spanish evening in Cordoba.
sanguine	These sanguine expectations were not fully realized.
sanitarium	The Soldiers' Home (1891) at Bristol, the Butler Hospital for the Insane (1847) at Providence, and a Sanitarium (1905) at Wallum Lake, in the township of Burrillville, also receive state aid.
sanitary	The city is well supplied with water and its sanitary state is good.
sanitation	Very little was spent on sanitation, roads, other public works and education.
sanitize	Sanitize kitchen sponges in a microwave oven on high for two minutes.
sanity	How could a person keep their sanity under those circumstances?
sank	She sank to the floor.
sans	Four of us, sans Martha, shared a bottle of bourbon with Quinn drinking two for each of ours.
sanskrit	The Benares college, including a firstgrade and a Sanskrit college, was opened in 1791, but its fine buildings date from 1852.
sanskritic	The spoken languages of northern India are very various, differing one from another in the sort of degree that English differs from German, though all are thoroughly Sanskritic in their vocables, but with an absence of Sanskrit grammar that has given rise to considerable discussion.
santal	The general aspect of the country is flat, except in the district of Monghyr, where detached hills occur, and in the south-east of the province, where the Rajmahal and Santal ranges abut upon the plains.
santolina	Gray leaved plants like Santolina, lavender and Artemesia contrast beautifully with bright blue delphiniums and purple and white hardy geraniums.
sap	Eventually it was found that the best plan was to sap through them.
santalaceae	It is different from the white fragrant sandal-wood, which is the produce of Santalum album, a tree belonging to a distinct natural order Santalaceae.
saponification	All other soaps result from the combination' of fatty oils and fat with potash or soda solutions under conditions which favour saponification.
saponified	It is saponified by alkalies, with reproduction of soluble gum.
saponin	Digitonin, on the other hand, is a cardiac depressant, and has been found to be identical with saponin, the chief constituent of senega root.
sapor	The importance of the former lies in the simple cast of his religious thought, his independence of theological formulas, his constant adherence to the letter of Scripture, his quaint exegesis, and the light he throws on the circumstances of his time, especially (i) the feeling between Jews and Christian, and (2) the position and sympathies of the Christian subjects of Sapor II.
sapling	If you peel the bark off a tree, you don't renew its youth as a sapling; it just dies.
saponifiable	Largely present in olive oil and other saponifiable vegetable oils and soft fats; also present in animal fats, especially hog's lard.
sappy	It's really a wonderful song, even if it is a little sappy.
sapper	The average temperatures for these months at places of different altitudes, as given by Dr Karl Sapper, are shown on the following page.
sapping	As the parliament of 1886 was drawing to a close, the dissensions among the Irish members, and the loss of their great leader, were visibly sapping the strength of the Nationalists.
saprophytic	Those Fungi which are saprophytic can only live when supplied with organic compounds of some complexity, which they derive from decomposing animal or vegetable matter.
sapwood	The yellow pine is one of the most important timber trees of the genus; the heart-wood being very durable is largely employed in ship-building and for house timber, being nearly equal to that of P. sylvestris; large quantities are exported to Britain under the name of New York yellow pine ; the sapwood is perishable.
sarcasm	She took his sarcasm as a sign that he felt better.
sapphire	Sapphire occurs also in Tasmania.
sarcastically	Claudette spoke sarcastically from the kitchen doorway.
saran	Saltpetre is largely refined in Tirhoot, Saran and Champaran, and is exported both by rail and river to Calcutta.
sarcastic	She gave him a sarcastic smile.
saratoga	The disaster at Saratoga was followed in 1778 by war with France, which had already given much private help to the American privateers and to their forces in the field.
saracen	In neither department did any Saracen, strictly speaking, invent anything; but they learned much both from Constantinople and from Persia, and what they learned they largely developed and improved.
sarcoma	Where pigment was present within the cells (sarcoma), the attraction-spheres were represented by quite clear unpigmented areas, sometimes with a centrosome in their midst.
sarcophagus	He saw before entering that the sarcophagus was gone.
sardonic	His smile was sardonic, yet his eyes held a glint of humor.
sarcophagi	Several of the sarcophagi are still empty.
sard	In stems with open bundles the formation of cambium and secondary tissue may be confined to these, when it is sard to be entirely fascicular.
sardonyx	See AGATE, BLOODSTONE, CARNELIAN, CHRYSOPRASE, HELIOTROPE, MOCHA STONE, ONYX, SARD and SARDONYX.
sardonically	As we approached the end of the flawless narrative, one of us would invariably ask sardonically (but never sarcastically), What could possibly go wrong?
sardine	I haven't had a chance with Bird Song packed like a sardine can.
sargasso	The manatee, or sea-cow, frequents the mouths of rivers, the sargasso drifts, and the regions of submarine fresh-water springs off the coast.
sark	I gaed tae the claes shoap tae buy a strippit sark, I wis tryin it on when the haill place gaed dark.
sari	Good opium is also produced about Sari and Balfarush in the province of Mazanderan.
sarah	He shook the newspaper and said nothing more until Sarah announced that supper was ready.
saros	The Aegean itself is naturally divided by the island-chains and the ridges from which they rise into a series of basins or troughs, the deepest of which is that in the north, extending from the coast of Thessaly to the Gulf of Saros, and demarcated southward by the Northern Sporades, Lemnos, Imbros and the peninsula of Gallipoli.
sarracenia	The Sarraceniaceae contain the genera Sarracenia, Darlingtonia, Heliamphora, while the true pitcher plants or Nepenthaceae consist of the single large genus Nepenthes.
sarsaparilla	The collection of sarsaparilla root is a very tedious business; a single root takes an Indian half a day or sometimes even a day and a half to unearth.
sartorial	This one wasn't just pretty; she was downright gorgeous and carried herself with a sartorial elegance.
sartorius	His physician recommended a sojourn in Italy, for the benefit of his health, and Weber and Sartorius von Waltershausen obtained from the government leave of absence and means to defray the cost of the journey.
sass	Compared to results of the OL RB250 on the Linn, bass and rhythmic drive had less sass and swagger with the Encounter.
sasquatch	They are usually reported under various names such as Yeti or Sasquatch.
sassy	My cousin is so sassy, always ready to give you a piece of her mind.
sarong	The sarong is of Celebes manufacture and made of cotton, to the surface of which a high polish is imparted by friction with a shell.
sas	In 1644 he captured Sas de Ghent; in 1645 Hulst.
satanic	His vices were rather of the sordid than of the satanic order.
sassafras	The sassafras, persimmon, wild cherry and Chickasaw plum are found in all parts of the state.
sate	To sate your immediate curiosity, the official website has a virtual tour.
sash	One of them wore a sash of red and black, a youth his age hiding behind him.
sated	She felt too sated to move.
satiate	The acai berry is loaded with Omega-3 and Omega-6 fatty acids, both of which help boost metabolism and satiate hunger.
sateen	Geoffrey Beene Dress Shirt in Wrinkle Free Fitted Sateen is a professionally styled fitted shirt that has a sateen finish.
satan	Satan and the beasts condemned to eternal torment.
satchel	She snatched her satchel and dug out Linda and Traci's numbers.
satiety	This work includes evaluations of foods for their effects on satiety, and studies to increase our understanding of the factors that control satiety.
satire	This poem was a brilliant satire on contemporary manners, and enjoyed an extraordinary success.
satiation	Fats are important in a low carbohydrate diet because they help to contribute to feelings of satiation.
satirical	The gray eyes held a glint of something more than humor, but his lips twisted into a satirical smile.
satiric	He went on writing satiric tales like Zadig.
satinwood	Other first-class timbers are koko (Albizzia lebbek), white chuglam (Terminalia bialata), black chuglam (Myristica irya), marble or zebra wood (Diospyros kurzii) and satin-wood (Murraya exotica), which differs from the satinwood of Ceylon (Chloroxylon swietenia).
sat	Finally she slowly sat up.
satisfaction	Anger stirred within her at the satisfaction on his face.
satirize	It seems written to expose the corruption of domestic life in Florence, and especially to satirize the friars in their familar part of gobetweens, tame cats, confessors and adulterers.
satellite	More data will come online, from satellite images to sensor readings.
satirically	From the plunging Cliffs of Insanity to the rodent-infested Fire Swamp and the Pit of Despair, the satirically named locations visited by the characters deliver all the danger and desperation one can ask for.
satisfied	You are satisfied with her.
satisfy	A simple shake of the head obviously didn't satisfy him.
satisfying	Emotional hurt wasn't satisfying enough.
satirist	But just as the agreeable jester rose into the earnest satirist, one of the most striking peculiarities of his style became a more manifest defect.
satiny	Both have a soft, satiny hand and a luxurious sheen.
satisfactorily	Not satisfactorily determined.
saturate	Saturate a sponge with the solution and rub the mildewed area.
saturated	Guilt and need warred as her senses became saturated with his oak-amber scent, the warmth of his body at her back.
satrapy	The annual tribute imposed on the satrapy of Egypt and Cyrene was heavy, but it was probably raised with ease.
saturable	After oral administration, metformin absorption is saturable and incomplete.
saturating	He was saturating her senses, seducing her somehow.
satsuma	Mitsuhisa, then feudal lord of Satsuma, was a munificent patron of art.
satrap	The satrap is the head of the whole administration of his province.
saturnian	We learn from Suetonius that, like Ennius after him, he obtained his living by teaching Greek and Latin; and it was probably as a school-book, rather than as a work of literary pretension, that his translation of the Odyssey into Latin Saturnian verse was executed.
saturnalia	He called it the saturnalia, or excess of faith.
satin	She has on a dainty lace dress and satin slippers.
saturnine	His smile became saturnine.
saturn	This process, which reached its culmination in the post-Khammurabic period, led to identifying the planet Jupiter with Marduk, Venus with Ishtar, Mars with Nergal, Mercury with Nebo, and Saturn with Ninib.
saturday	We left Hulton Friday night and arrived here Saturday morning.
satyr	In one of these monuments was the famous Satyr of Praxiteles.
satisfactory	The problem is difficult, and no satisfactory answer has been given.
saturator	The juice, which has now become comparatively clear, is again treated with lime, and again passed through a saturator and filter presses, and comes out still clearer than before.
satyric	Aeschylus wrote a satyric drama on the subject.
sauerkraut	I grabbed a hot dog with sauerkraut at a stand nearby and watched the theater crowd exit the latest block buster show.
saunter	Saunter home as if I'd all the time in the world?
saucer	She held out a saucer and cup.
saucy	It's enough to have your pedigree flung in your face by those saucy dragonettes.
saturation	These saturation capacities were assidu- valency.
sauna	The strange fever remained, making her feel as if she'd been sitting in a sauna for hours.
saucepan	Morel, the orderly, brought some hot water in a saucepan and placed a bottle of claret in it.
sauropod	The crew of the Sauropod hit trouble when their ship is pulled into a strange, tiny black hole.
sauntering	Just then he looked up to see Jerome Shipton sauntering down the stairs.
saurian	The faunal aspect of the Tertiary periods differs strikingly from that of preceding Secondary or Mesozoic; in place of the great saurian reptiles we find the rapid development and finally the maximum expansion of mammals.
savagely	All concern for the victim vanished as he savagely consumed the life from her.
savant	You are a freaking savant when it comes to that.
savanna	Many are savanna grasses, in various parts of the tropics, for instance the large genus Andropogon, Elionurus and others.
save	You have a chance to save yourself.
savate	A master of Spanish Ninjitsu, Savate, and Zapota, Vega uses his claw to slash at his opponents when he is not busy climbing up or bouncing off (invisible) walls.
savagery	Again, the study of the evolution of human institutions from the lowest savagery to civilization is essentially a novel branch of research, though ideas derived from an unsystematic study of anthropology are at least as old as Aristotle.
sauternes	The finest wines are produced in a manner somewhat similar to that employed for making the Sauternes.
sausage	He chased a piece of sausage around his plate with the fork.
savannah	The march concluded with the occupation of Savannah on the loth.
saviour	Even our Saviour preached liberty and equality.
sauce	The food was heavenly, the duck crisped to perfection in a light, tangy sauce, the vegetables still fresh.
savory	Please bring a sweet or savory dish to share.
savor	I don't intend to savor it, she warned.
savin	Juniperus Sabina is the savin, abundant on the mountains of central Europe, an irregularly spreading muchbranched shrub with scale-like glandular leaves, and emitting a disagreeable odour when bruised.
savior	That does not mean when we accept Jesus as Savior and Lord we are then made perfect, no we are just forgiven.
saver	The saver provides certainty about how much a journey will cost.
savour	We cannot indeed regard them,with the ancients, as the best part of his history, for the majority of them are obviously unhistorical, and nearly all savour somewhat too much of the rhetorical schools to be perfectly agreeable to modern taste.
saw	I saw his picture on your refrigerator.
savoury	The savoury odour of the meat made me hungry long before the tables were set.
savage	In war, they were savage and cruel; for war always makes men so.
savoyard	On the 29th of June Rudini was succeeded in the premiership by General Luigi Pelloux, a Savoyard, whose only title to office was the confidence of the king.
sawn	The heads of the piles are sawn off, and a platform of timber or concrete rests on them.
saving	I've been saving my money to buy a house.
sawdust	Sawdust, slabs, stumps and large quantities of logs are wasted.
sawmill	A sawmill was built in the following year.
sawyer	The other candidates were Sir Robert Sawyer and Mr Finch.
saxatile	Associated communities include the most extensive areas of U13 Deschampsia cespitosa Galium saxatile grassland in Britain.
sax	In 1402 it was taken from Milan by Albert von Sax, lord of the Val Mesocco, who in 1419 sold it to Uri and Obwalden, which, however, lost it to Milan in 1422 after the battle of Arbedo.
saxe	The list of his works occupies five pages in Saxe's Onomasticon.
saxicolous	When I wrote Part 1 I suggested a No. 2 strength except for the soft succulents and epiphytic or saxicolous cacti.
savoy	Nice and Savoy also seemed at the mercy of the invaders.
say	I like the way you say thank you.
saxophonist	The self-taught alto saxophonist's debut album Conversations With the Unseen uniquely mixes post bop jazz and rap with ease.
savvy	He's book smart and business savvy, but he's still a boy in some ways.
saxifrage	On the mountains of Java there appears to be no truly alpine flora; Saxifrage is not found.
saxophone	The saxophone or bass clarinet is smooth in tone.
scab	The scab of potatoes is another case in point.
sayyid	His first spiritual instructor was Sayyid Burhan-uddin Husaini of Tirmidh, one of his father's disciples, and, later on, the wandering Stiff Shams-uddin of Tabriz, who soon acquired a most powerful influence over Jalal-uddin.
sc	Holinshed (who was followed by Shakespeare in 2 Henry VI., act 4 sc. 6) tells us that when Cade, in 1450, forced his way into London, he first 45 Y of all proceeded to London Stone, and having struck his sword upon it, said in reference to himself and in explanation of his own action, Now is Mortimer lord of this city.
saye	The house is the seat of Lord Saye and Sele, having been in the Fiennes family since the reign of Henry VII.
sb	She immediately came out, a note in one hand and SB, Fred's stuffed owl gift in the other and handed her husband the paper.
scabby	It covers symptoms, disease cycle, mycotoxins in scabby grain, seedling blight phase of scab, and control methods.
scabies	In scabies (itch) it is the best remedy, killing the male parasite, which remains on the surface of the skin.
scabbard	She heard the sound of a weapon scraping a scabbard behind her and turned.
saxon	Many of the ancient oaks that remain in England may date from Saxon times, and some perhaps from an earlier period; the growth of trees after the trunk has become hollow is extremely slow, and the age of such venerable giants only matter of vague surmise.
saxony	The earliest inhabitants of Lauenburg were a Slav tribe, the Polabes, who were gradually replaced by colonists from Saxony.
scaffolding	A maze of scaffolding erected for the building of the cathedral tower.
saying	Vera was saying with an arch smile.
scads	There are scads of missing children, out there, Howie.
scabious	In the American button-bush the heads are globular, in some species of teazel elliptical, while in scabious and in composite plants, as sunflower, dandelion, thistle, centaury and marigold, they are somewhat hemispherical, with a flattened, slightly hollowed, or convex disk.
scale	Life existed at a scale smaller than the eye could see.
scalawag	Leo was a scalawag who was at home in romancing Greenlee as he was at blackmailing others to get his way.
scala	The modern and principal residential part of the town is called Scala.
scalable	The most important type of scalable, high resolution fonts are TrueType fonts.
scaffold	He met his death on the scaffold with calmness and dignity.
scalar	Although many pseudo-symmetric twins are transformable into the simpler form, yet, in some cases, a true polymorph results, the change being indicated, as before, by alterations in scalar (as well as vector) properties.
scald	Many are scald injuries, involving the use of kettles.
scaleless	The lampreys are readily recognized by their long, eel-like, scaleless body, terminating anteriorly in the circular, suctorial mouth characteristic of the whole sub-class.
scalding	The warm month of June melted into the scalding month of July.
scaled	Fish are plentiful in the Nile, both scaled and without scales.
scaler	Do I need a progressive scan DVD player if I have a scaler?
scalene	A scalene triangle abc might also be employed, or a tetrahedron.
scaling	Scaling the wall once again, she dropped to her feet and was still for a long moment, using her senses to see if anyone was there.
scallion	I had the salmon slices with green peppercorn and scallion pancakes.
scam	The money making scam last summer was a good example.
scalping	The final issue in the law suit involves ticket scalping.
scamp	I know she's a scamp of a girl, but I like her.
scalpel	It is the crowning merit of the author that he never ceases to be an impartial spectator - a cold and curious critic. We might compare him to an anatomist, with knife and scalpel dissecting the dead body of Italy, and pointing out the symptoms of her manifold diseases with the indifferent analysis of one who has no moral sensibility.
scallop	The scallop fishery is becoming more and more valuable.
scamper	They would scamper off into the woods that lined Keeper 's Hill.
scaly	The scaly ramenta which occur in abundance on the leaf-stalk bases of fossil Cycads constitute another fern-character surviving in Mesozoic Cycadales.
scampi	Evidently, most of the money went on the ' deep fried scampi ', which cost £ 2.10.
scandalous	His trial, however, ended in a scandalous fiasco.
scammony	Among other important productions of the Ottoman Empire are sesame, coleseed, castor oil, flax, hemp, aniseed, mohair, saffron, olive oil, gums, scammony and liquorice.
scandalize	Zaid was again asked to put an end to these variations which had begun to scandalize the votaries of the Prophet.
scandalously	The steadily increasing prosperity of the country during the years 1886 and 1887 removed the danger of national bankruptcy and international interference, and induced Sir Evelyn Baring to widen the area of administrative reforms. In the provinces the local administration and the methods of dispensing justice were still scandalously unsatisfactory, and this was the field to which the British representative next directed his efforts.
scandal	The actor laid low for a few months after the scandal and subsequent investigation.
scanner	I heard about it on the scanner and we came over here as fast as we could.
scan	It looked like a cat scan of a brain, but it wasn't hers.
scansion	It takes no account of the quantity of syllables; the scansion depends on accent, and there is always an accent on the last syllable but one.
scanty	Rain in the lower zone is scanty, and from May to January does not occur.
scapegoat	He made a good scapegoat for everything that had been going wrong lately.
scant	Recent logic does scant justice to scientific analysis.
scantiness	The scantiness of political information and the distinctive arrangement of material preclude the attempt to trace the relative position of the two rivals.
scanning	She sloshed down the trail, scanning the woods ahead as she neared.
scape	For when she perceives the approach of those Enemies, she so settles her self in her Nest as to put her Bill out at the hole, and gives the Monkeys such a welcome therewith, that they presently pack away, and glad they scape so.
scantily	The Egri-dagh possesses a sharply defined crest, ranges at a general elevation of 8000 ft., is bare of timber, scantily supplied with water, and rugged and deeply fissured.
scapegrace	I do n't think he would approve of his scapegrace son fouling Council property.
scalp	She replaced the hat to protect her searing scalp.
scaphoid	In none of the existing, and in but few of the extinct types, are collar-bones, or clavicles, developed; and the scaphoid and lunar bones of the carpus are separate.
scapulae	But the latter used this privilege wisely and well-not, after the manner of De Blainville and others subsequent to him, relying solely or even chiefly on the character afforded by the posterior portion of the sternum, but taking also into consideration those of the anterior, as well as of the in some cases still more important characters presented by the pre-sternal bones, such as the furcula, coracoids and scapulae.
scapular	The pectoral girdle of the living types of batrachians is distinguishable into a scapular, a coracoidal, and a praecoracoidal region.
scapula	Coracoid and scapula fused.
scarcely	Julie asked, scarcely above a whisper.
scarcity	True scarcity is uncommon.
scarab	They used charms to ward off evil spirits, often in the shape of a scarab beetle.
scared	You scared me half to death.
scandinavian	Some early ambones are found in Ravenna, and in the south of Italy are many fine examples; the epistle ambo in the cathedral at Ravello (1130), which is perhaps the earliest, shows a Scandinavian influence in the design of its mosaic inlay, an influence which is found in Sicilian work and may be a Norman importation.
scaremongering	Mr Blair accused the conservatives of scaremongering and said they had gone from Ã¢being a one-nation party to a one-issue partyÃ¢ .
scarf	She pulled the scarf from her neck and wiped her face.
scar	I don't want to scar the trees.
scarecrow	No, it was an old scarecrow lying in the hedge!
scarify	Lawns and meadows In many colder areas, t his month is the last opportunity to scarify lawns and meadows In many colder areas, t his month is the last opportunity to scarify lawns.
scarious	Composite plants, with the flower-heads of the scarious character known as Everlastings.
scarlatina	An attack of scarlatina led to brain fever, and he had scarcely recovered when he fell a victim to cholera, of which he died in Paris on the 24th of August 1832.
scarp	Its steep fault scarp faces west, and rises from 4000 to 6000 ft.
scarped	A strong wall once surrounded the town; a narrow neck of land exists on the east where the rock has been scarped.
scarification	Michigan Modification Articles and information regarding piercing, tattooing, scarification, as well as surgical and nonsurgical modifications.
scarves	These belts or scarves were symbols of authority and power and were surrendered on defeat in battle.
scary	I can understand it must be scary to think of giving birth.
scare	He didn't scare her the way Jonny did, and she wasn't certain why, beyond the obvious that he healed her.
scarlet	Natasha blushed scarlet when she heard this.
scarce	Wealthy people could afford to choose scarce antiques.
scarred	A scarred tree marked a turning point in the trail, so she slowed down.
scathing	He gave her a scathing look.
scat	Time to scat, thought Dean.
scaur	The thick, main or scaur limestone (mountain limestone) of the centre and south of England, Wales and Carboniferous Ireland, which splits up in the Yorkshire dales C Limestone (Yoredale group) into a succession of stout limestone Li Series.
scatty	She could be quite scatty, but her brain was extraordinary.
scenario	The magnitude of that what-if scenario was downright scary.
scatter	Set this keyboard to generate a scatter plot.
scattering	The system of compositions or fines, paid in many cases with the help of kinsmen, finds its natural place in the ancient, tribal period of English history and loses its vitality later on in consequence of the growth of central power and of the scattering of maegths.
scene	The entire scene was surreal.
scenic	The neighbouring country has many scenic attractions.
scavenge	Thousands of birds regularly scavenge on the site and then fly across the residential areas leaving waste deposits.
scena	Its scena is of rather irregular shape, and borders one of the narrow ends of the agora.
scent	The scent of flowers came in at the window.
scavenger	A beach scavenger hunt will complete this theme.
scenography	The play also suggests various special effects that pose interesting challenges to IeVr's investigation into computer generated scenography.
scattered	They're scattered all across our lawns.
sceptic	The sceptic would have denied both.
scepter	His father keeps a cookshop here by the Stone Bridge, and you know there was a large icon of God Almighty painted with a scepter in one hand and an orb in the other.
scepsis	The scepticism of Joseph Glanvill, which is set forth in his two works The Vanity of Dogmatizing (1661) and Scepsis scientifica (1665), has more interest for Englishmen.
sceptically	According to the tradition, which Herodotus quotes sceptically, this was accomplished; but the story is too vague to be accepted as more than a possibility.
scenery	His gaze took in the scenery around them.
schappe	Therefore schappe spinners place their degumming plant in the hills, near or on a stream of pure water.
sceptical	Even in that book Hume is able to play with sceptical solutions.
sch	This page gives an overview of all articles in the 1911 Brittanica which are alphabetized under Say to Sch.
scheduler	Execution Delay Time Normally, the batch request is scheduled by the batch scheduler immediately after submitting to an execution queue.
sceptre	He is generally characterized by the sceptre and diadem, the usual attributes of kings.
scheelite	Scheelite, another mineral of tungsten, is also found in Queensland.
schematic	Design the guitar - Before you can make a guitar you must have an accurate and detailed schematic of what the guitar will look like.
scheduling	She did all the cleaning, scheduling, finances.
scented	The remnants of Robespierres faction became alarmed at this Thermidor reaction, in which they scented royalism.
scepticism	Ancient scepticism was frankly opposed to religious belief.
schema	It should be remembered that in Freud's schema the superego is also largely unconscious.
scheme	The new scheme works splendidly.
scheming	Gian Galeazzos duchy was a masterpiece of mechanical contrivance, the creation of a scheming intellect and lawless will.
schemata	Projects have proposed different solutions, based on various relational database schemata.
scheduled	He was scheduled to work tomorrow, though and she didn't want to wait another day.
scherzo	The third movement is a short, fast scherzo with a trio which returns in the coda.
schemer	If you're trying to give a retro look to a page with more modern photos, however, the Color Schemer Web site has several suggestions you may find useful.
schism	Most of what I know comes from what I've relearned after the Schism, Jule answered.
schedule	Their schedule seems pretty consistent.
schiedam	They next mastered Delfshaven and Schiedam.
schilling	The application of this to telegraphic purposes was suggested by Laplace and taken up by Ampere, and afterwards by Triboaillet and by Schilling, whose work forms the foundation of much of modern telegraphy.
schismatical	Gregory, still supported by Naples, Hungary, Bavaria, and by Rupert, king of the Romans, found protection with Ladislaus, and in a synod at Cividale del Friuli banned Benedict and Alexander as schismatical, perjured and scandalous.
schismatic	From 1415 it was the home of the schismatic pope Benedict XIII.
schistosome	For example the schistosome cercariae are generally shed during daylight, in the morning, whilst those of other species emerge only at night.
schistose	The platy minerals have also a perfect cleavage parallel to their flat surfaces, while the fibrous species often have two or more cleavages following their long axes; hence a schistose rock may split not only by separation of the mineral plates from one another but also by cleavage of the parallel minerals through their substance.
schist	Archean rocks - gneiss, schist and granite - cover large areas through which the Nile cuts its way in alternate narrow gorges and open reaches.
schiller	The city contains a fine statue of Schiller, designed by Thorvaldsen; a bronze statue of Christopher, duke of Wurttemberg; a monument to the emperor William I.; an equestrian statue of King William I.
schistosomiasis	In urinary schistosomiasis, they live in the blood vessels of the bladder.
schizophrenic	However, Sara is not schizophrenic or likely to do herself or other people harm.
schizoid	People suffering from schizoid personality tend to be more daydreamers than practical action takers, often living in a world of their own.
schlock	Even the schlock horror backdrop of bloodstains made me vaguely uneasy.
schizophrenia	Parents should contact a healthcare professional if their child begins to have auditory or visual hallucinations, has a sudden change in behavior, shows signs of suicide ideation, or exhibits other symptoms of schizophrenia.
schmaltz	It revels in its schmaltz and is shamelessly Populist.
schmuck	Well, I felt like a complete schmuck, of course.
scholar	He became a good Hungarian scholar.
schnapps	A brilliant night, although the butterscotch schnapps didn't taste much worse when it came up again if you catch my drift.
schnauzer	This is used by the visual schnauzer, which needs to load images when it generates icon files.
schnitzel	Main dish favorites are veal, chicken and pork schnitzel as well as seafood and bistro style plates.
school	I go to school every day, and I learn many new things.
scholiast	According to Philochorus, as quoted by a scholiast on Aristophanes, he fled to Elis, where he made the great statue of Zeus for the Eleans, and was afterwards put to death by them.
scholarly	His tastes were scholarly, and he was one of the founders of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
scholia	The chief ancient authorities for his life are Horace (Odes with Scholia), Dio Cassius, Tacitus (Annals), Suetonius (Augustus).
scholium	Occasionally a scholium of this kind gives the substance of one of the longer extracts; but as a rule they are distinct.
scholasticism	Hugh's pupil, Richard of St Victor, declares, in opposition to dialectic scholasticism, that the objects of mystic contemplation are partly above reason, and partly, as in the intuition of the Trinity, contrary to reason.
schoolgirl	A 12-year-old schoolgirl whose mother is being treated for breast cancer has organized a fundraiser at her local church for The Royal Marsden Hospital.
schoolboy	Throughout his journey he felt like a schoolboy on holiday.
scholastic	The scholastic mysticism was, for the most part, practical and psychological in character.
schoolfellow	He died at Bournemouth on the 21st of December 1889, and was succeeded in the episcopate by Westcott, his schoolfellow and lifelong friend.
schoolhouse	Just behind the schoolhouse was Mr. Finney's barn.
schools	They've been attacking schools all over the world.
schoolman	Bacon, it is now said, was not appreciated by his age because he was in advance of it; he is no schoolman, but a modern thinker, whose conceptions of science are more just and clear than are even those of his more celebrated namesake.'
schoolroom	He moved up the steel trestle by the ice climbing area designated The Schoolroom.
schoolmistress	The life of an assistant schoolmistress is sometimes trying.
scholarship	Modern scholarship has rejected these theories.
schoolmate	I was never as devious as him or would have been so nasty to a fellow schoolmate.
schoolmaster	His father, a schoolmaster, sent him to Trinity College, Cambridge, where he was elected a fellow in 1760.
schooling	His schooling was irregular and not successful.
schwa	Therefore, the difference in the mean schwa duration implies the difference in the number of schwa duration implies the difference in the number of schwas deleted in the whole system.
schooner	The first schooner was launched at Gloucester in 1713.
sciatica	Sciatica is another of the more common forms of neuralgia.
scientifically	In support of this belief there is more or less scientifically ascertained evidence.
scientology	Katie, who was raised Catholic, claims she is excited to learn more about the practice of Scientology.
sciatic	Posterior superior iliac spine Ureter Great sciatic notch Vas deferens; Spine of ischium Vas deferens Seminal vesicle Bladder wall Levator ani Prostate 9, ?
scintillating	Maybe some scintillating conversation would break the ice.
scimitar	They go habitually armed with scimitar and half-moon axe, besides gun or rifle.
scintilla	There wasn't even a scintilla of evidence to link him to the crime.
scientist	The scientist hopped up with a cheerful salute.
scintillation	Conventional SPECT data was also acquired for these phantoms using the camera's scintillation detector with a lead collimator.
scion	The operation must be so performed that the growing tissues, or cambium-layer of the scion, may fit accurately to the corresponding layer of the stock.
scientific	His scientific jubilee was celebrated in Paris in 1901.
scintillator	Each sensor consists of a CsI scintillator, which is bonded to a shell of Pilot B plastic scintillator used for charged particle suppression.
science	Does any section of science consider time travel a possibility?
scission	The greater event was the scission between East and West.
sciuridae	For the characteristics of the family Sciuridae and the different squirrel-like genera by which it is represented, see Rodentia.
scissor	Don't Feel Like Dancin by Scissor Sisters.
scissors	She used scissors to cut off his shirt.
sclera	For extra drama, sclera lenses will effortlessly do the trick.
scleroderma	Hannah has scleroderma, which is why Caroline wanted to raise money for the Association through taking part in the Glasgow 10K run.
sclerenchyma	Sclerenchyma may bi formed later in various positions in the cortex, according to loca needs.
sclerite	Turning to the thorax we find that the first segment (prothorax) is distinct and free, with a wide dorsal sclerite.
sclerotium	Physiologically, any cell or group of cells separated off from a hypha or unicellular fungus, and capable of itself growing out - germinating - to reproduce the fungus, is a spore; but it is evident that so wide a definition does not exclude the ordinary vegetative cells of sprouting fungi, such as yeasts, or small sclerotium like cell-aggregates of forms like Coniothecium.
sclerotic	The anterior half of the sclerotic is composed of a ring of some ten to seventeen cartilaginous or bony scales which partly overlap each other.
scm	The sternocleidomastoid (SCM) muscle runs down either side of the neck.
scolding	She continued to take notes, as if Dean's scolding had fallen on deaf ears.
sclerosis	The initial phase III studies involved patients with Multiple Sclerosis, neuropathic pain, brachial plexus avulsion and cancer pain.
scoff	The tone of the writer is that of person who can but scoff at current fashion.
scold	Don't scold him when he has an accident.
scolex	With few exceptions they are composed (i) of a minute organ of fixation (the scolex), which marks the proximal attached end of the body; (2) of a narrow neck from which (3) a number of segments varying from three to several thousands are budded off distally.
scoliosis	These include generally loose joints, low muscle tone at birth, scoliosis at birth (which worsens with age), and a fragility of the eyes, which may give the white area of the eye a blue tint or cause the eye to rupture.
sconce	An elegant wall mounted candle sconce that will enhance the atmosphere wherever it is used.
scone	Within little more than six weeks Bruce, collecting his adherents in the south-west, passed from Lochmaben to Glasgow and thence to Scone, where he was crowned king of Scotland on the 27th of March 1306.
scooter	With the fun of a scooter comes responsibility, and it is up to the parents to make sure that safety guidelines are reviewed and followed every time the scooter is used.
scoot	Scoot closer, and we can cuddle for warmth.
scooper	You can use an ice cream scooper to create small balls of fruit.
scorcher	Yeah, it's going to be another scorcher tomorrow, I'm afraid.
scorch	Fire, on the other hand, can scorch earth.
scorching	Rob finally gave him a scorching look.
scorched	The unreaped corn was scorched and shed its grain.
scoria	The earth surface above these natural furnaces has been hardened, cracked and sometimes melted into a reddish slag, called scoria, which, on account of its resemblance to lava, has given rise to an incorrect impression that the region was once the centre of volcanic disturbances.
scorer	Bill Edrich was top scorer with 219 in a Test in which there were five other centurions.
scope	The more I thought about it, the more I was convinced of the incredible scope of Howie's gift.
scoriae	In some instances the cones are quite intact, and the beds of ash and scoriae are as yet almost unaffected by denuding agencies.
scornfully	She stopped and smiled scornfully.
scored	The longbow here scored its first victory in a pitched battle.
scoop	They fit together as nice as hot apple pie and a scoop of cold ice cream.
scorpioid	Here there are scorpioid cymes of pairs of flowers, each pair consisting of an older and a younger flower.
scornful	But he drove them back with scornful words.
scorification	The first is conducted in one of two ways, known respectively as the crucible method and the scorification method.
scorn	This scorn was not offensive to his master.
scorpion	The scorpion and the centipede are both common.
score	I should think he has a score of them.
scotchman	He was a descendant of Matthew Grant, a Scotchman, who settled in Dorchester, Massachusetts, in 1630.
scorpio	The difference between the gill-books of Limulus and the lung-books of Scorpio depends on the fact that the latter are adapted to aerial respiration, while the former serve for aquatic respiration.
scoter	At least 1 Velvet scoter remained with the Common Scoter flock off the Bill.
scot	He was, however, elected on the council of state, and was the only Presbyterian in it; he was at once accused by Scot, along with Whitelocke, of corresponding with Hyde.
scotsman	It is a Treatise on Trigonometry, by a Scotsman, James Hume of Godscroft, Berwickshire, a place still in possession of the family of Hume.
scoundrel	The scoundrel is again at our heels!
scotia	He was educated at Glasgow university, where he had a brilliant academic career; and having entered the ministry of the Presbyterian Church, he returned to Canada and obtained a pastoral charge in Halifax, Nova Scotia, which he held from 1863 to 1877.
scotch	Yes, I am going to need a lot of scotch, please.
scout	I'm going to scout around for a bit.
scourge	Among the rodents the hamster and the field-mouse are a scourge to agriculture.
scour	The natural scour thus created has given a depth of 26 ft.
scouser	The fact that he was playing croquet - a game they think is too genteel for a Socialist Scouser like him?
scouse	Some even claim to have detected traces of a scouse accent.
scoutmaster	A number would appear to have a nominal local Scoutmaster with the undergraduates doing most of the practical scouting.
scouting	On the second of October a Cossack, Shapovalov, who was out scouting, killed one hare and wounded another.
scow	Not even a ferry, a scow or other boat could move in the harbour.
scowl	She returned his scowl with a little rancor.
scraggly	His tail was short and scraggly, and his harness had been broken in many places and fastened together again with cords and bits of wire.
scraggy	He'd forgotten the scraggy thing while Cynthia was away.
scouring	Sirian is scouring the forest for you!
scrambling	Pain flew threw him, scrambling his thoughts.
scramble	Her first instinct was to scramble to the back of the bus and climb out.
scramjet	Airspace weapon systems Current programs include Scramjet, future air-to-surface guided weapons, Storm Shadow and attack helicopter air-to-surface weapons.
scrabble	Sarah suggested a game of Scrabble after dinner.
scrambler	Guests can also enjoy one of the first Scrambler rides in the world along with more modern thrill rides.
scraping	He loved animals, but he spent his entire life scraping to make ends meet.
scrape	She did several dishes and then heard a chair scrape the floor behind her.
scrap	Hunter held out a small scrap of paper.
scraper	A scraper is provided to keep the disk clean and prevent sticking.
scratch	You told me you were tired of trying to scratch out a living from this ranch.
scots	During these years there was constant warfare between the English and the Scots on the border, but in May 1524 Albany was obliged to retire to France.
scratches	Scrubbing a dry window may leave tiny scratches.
scrapped	She scrapped the pot out and rinsed it with the last of the coffee.
scrapper	Having been extremely cautious throughout the fight, McIlroy was again urged by his trainer Arthur Melrose to engage the scrapper from Swansea.
scratcher	In Beverly Hills, your poor neighbor might be one who had to buy the 14K-gold back scratcher instead of the diamond-encrusted platinum one everyone else is buying.
scrawl	The familiar scrawl belonged to Mary.
scrapbook	Use chalk to add shading to your scrapbook die cuts.
scottish	An example of that is a breed of cat called Scottish Fold.
scrappy	The extracts are often scrappy and torn out of their context.
scratchy	Jimmy's scratchy voice came across the intercom.
scream	She tried to scream, but no sound came out.
scrawny	He looked like any normal nerdy American with big glasses and a scrawny frame.
screech	It was the piercing screech of a siren.
screamer	Dunstable opened the scoring within seven minutes with Chris Marsh hitting a screamer into the top corner.
screed	The buildings have been constructed of steel frames and profiled metal sheet cladding, along with piled foundations and suspended laser screed floors.
scree	Outside the lower end of each large transverse glen there is a scree of sedimentary matter.
screaming	No point in wasting energy screaming now.
screenwriter	Otherwise, if you are serious about becoming a screenwriter, try investing in your own career.
screenings	Events will include dance, classical, jazz, rock and pop music, installations, lectures, screenings, theater and contemporary circus.
screenplay	If I send you my movie screenplay can you help me get it made?
screened	A small well screened plot can be very private indeed.
screwdriver	We hacked open a can of baked beans with a screwdriver and ate them cold.
screwing	Tell me whatever it is I'm screwing up, so I can fix it.
screening	We know how well that screening worked out, now don't we?
screen	She unhooked the screen and pushed it out.
scribble	Toddlers love to scribble on pieces of paper with chunky crayons.
screwy	Shame my download of the third episode went screwy halfway through.
scribbling	The scribbling stopped with an image that left him irritated.
screwed	Prince Andrew screwed up his eyes and turned away.
scribe	Each took a copy and one was held by the scribe to be stored in the archives.
screw	Did I screw up somewhere along the line?
scribal	The is-i is omitted by a through a simple scribal error.
scrim	It featured a white scrim, some chairs and a black-and-white checked floor.
scrimp	When living on a tight budget, many people are tempted to scrimp on groceries and only buy the cheapest possible foods.
script	In seconds a small script appeared.
scrimmage	If it's a team sport, consider holding a scrimmage for guests that want to play.
scripted	Open casting calls for reality TV are similar to other casting calls for a scripted series.
scrip	Civil servants, who were paid in this depreciated scrip, suffered considerable distress.
scripture	They find Scripture warrant for this belief in Matt.
scriptorium	At St Albans he was in charge of the scriptorium, or writing room, and he died about 1422.
scriptural	A large selection of short scriptural post-Communions was provided.
scrivener	Rule 3 provides that, in order to qualify as a scrivener notary you must first qualify as a general notary.
scrofula	It appears deceased had been suffering from scrofula for four years.
scrooge	You 've lost that Loving Feeling Jenny Dowling, alias Scrooge Has Christmas lost its sparkle for you?
scrolled	She scrolled down to Gerald's name and pressed send.
scrounge	It was nice not having to scrounge around for food.
scrotal	Diagnosis of scrotal swellings To determine the nature of a scrotal swelling four aspects need to be assessed.
scrub	She tried to scrub it off with no success.
scrotum	They are the homologues of the scrotum in the male.
scroll	Almost shrieking in excitement, Jenn snatched the scroll and ran.
scrofulous	The European half-castes are not prolific inter se, and they are subject to a scrofulous taint.
scruff	Lana said nothing but touched Jack's scruff, nervous around all the people.
scrounging	Apparently scrounging food off the desert wasn't nearly as easy as harnessing a team of mules.
scrumptious	A blend of coconut flour and sweet rice flour can make a scrumptious coating for coconut shrimp.
scrubby	These upland forests are of a scrubby character and are called catingas.
scruffy	His hair was tied back, his jaw and chin scruffy from a couple days' growth of hair.
scrum	His 34 tries is also a record for an international scrum half.
scrunch	One by one, scrunch each circle towards the center.
scrubber	The Spot Scrubber has a unique interlocking clean and dirty water tank design, which automatically separates the clean from the dirty water and reduces the number of trips that the person cleaning needs to make to the sink.
scrumpy	Try locally smoked chicken with mango and basil salsa or Cornish ham and Cheddar with scrumpy apple chutney and house salad.
scrupulously	The mileage was scrupulously recorded, as was everything else.
scrutiny	Too aware of his scrutiny, she cleared her throat and pretended to read the iPad.
scrutinize	However, he didn't scrutinize the grocery bill.
scruple	Where he detects or suspects the insertion of fabulous matter he has no scruple in saying so.
scry	Much depends on what the seer is accustomed to use, and some persons who can scry in a glass ball or a glass waterbottle cannot scry in ink.
scud	Children race across the meadows to try to beat the clouds which scud across the sky.
scudding	Paddling along the coast I thought how wrong people can be - warm sunshine, water like silk, little clouds scudding along.
scuba	We were now in the water, with all our scuba gear, ready to melt into the blue world below.
scsi	The cd copier is attached to a computer through a SCSI port.
scrupulous	The revisers aimed at the most scrupulous faithfulness.
scuff	It certainly didn't smell like someone had painted it recently, and there were scuff marks, crayon, and dirt on the walls.
scuffle	She heard the sounds of a physical scuffle and another shot from Dan's direction.
scuffing	In Level 2 play outside we see Simba standing and scuffing the ground where he finds an antelope.
scullery	I have known Cinderella ever since she was a scullery maid.
scull	To follow the pirate theme, a nice little scull and cross bones on each cake would be a good idea.
sculptress	For his insolence, he was imprisoned here, where he learned of Earth ways from the blind sculptress Alicia Masters.
sculptural	Moreover, in sculptural and athletic practice, the ideal human figure was naked.
sculptor	The museum also contains drawings and letters of the sculptor Antonio Canova.
sculpt	Expert decorators can use the football cake pan to sculpt a sailboat.
scummy	Much of the floor was covered by several inches of scummy water '.
scunner	He did n't scunner me at all- He didn't notice me.
scurf	It was no more than the scurf of his skin, which was constantly shuffled off.
scurrilous	While at Douai he wrote a scurrilous attack on Queen Elizabeth, which caused a riot among the English students.
scupper	I hope that a vocal minority will not scupper the Crowness project for the rest of us.
scum	I figured you'd be so busy defending the scum of the earth you wouldn't have a minute to spare.
scurry	When running, they arch their backs and scurry away in a series of short leaps.
scurvy	Rickets, scurvy and marasmus may be instanced as diet diseases in children.
scutage	In November he met some of his nobles at Bury St Edmunds, but as they still refused to pay the scutage no agreement was reached.
sculpture	Domenico contains one of the finest works in sculpture by Arnolfo del Cambio.
scutellum	The Pentatomidae (shield bugs), some of which are metallic or otherwise brightly coloured, are easily recognized by the great development of the scutellum, which reaches at least half-way back towards the tip of the abdomen, and in some genera covers the whole of the hind body, and also the wings when these are closed.
scuttle	He watched the mage in brown scuttle away.
se	Señor Medena's gaze was stern, but his voice was calm.
sea	The sea was rough.
seabed	A simple model of seabed irradiance is able to reproduce these features.
sdlp	At the end of the hunger strikes, the IRA dismissed the SDLP as ' imperialist lickspittles ' .
scythe	Barley is cut, either with scythe or machine, when it is quite ripe with the ears bending over.
scyphistoma	The development from the egg may be direct, or may take place with an alternation of generations (metagenesis), in which a non-sexual individual, the so-called scyphistoma or scyphopolyp, produces by budding the sexual medusae.
sdi	Since the two aspects of SDI are not entirely separable, some overlap is going to occur.
seaborne	A feature of Maldives holidays are the unforgettable seaborne excursions.
seaboard	Most of the eastern seaboard is in shambles.
seafaring	The Phoenicians were essentially a seafaring nation.
sealant	With new sash cords, parting bead, staff bead, weights, pins, sealant, draft proofing materials etc in one pack.
seagoing	This provided exciting evidence of the world 's oldest seagoing boat.
sealer	This body represents and acts for the county as a corporation; has charge of the erection and repair of county buildings; levies the county taxes, which are limited by law, however, to three mills on the dollar exclusive of those for schools, public highways, interest on the county debt, and other special purposes; divides the county into highway districts, and chooses a highway commissioner for each district for a term of two years; and chooses a superintendent of schools, a surveyor, a public administrator and public guardian, a board for the equalization of taxes, a coroner, a ranger, and a jail physician or health officer each for a term of two years, three commissioners of the poor for a term of three years (one each year), and a keeper and sealer of weights and measures to serve during its pleasure.
sealskin	These heavy-duty boots were invented by Eskimos and were constructed of reindeer hide, fur and sealskin.
sealing	The sound of the door closing sounded like the sealing of her fate.
seafood	The menu is mostly seafood, but there are other choices as well.
seaman	Another literary seaman of this period was Sidi Ali, celebrated under his poetic pseudonym of Katibi (or Katibi Rumi, to distinguish him from the Persian poet of the same name).
seam	His tiny fist clutched the outer seam of her jeans.
seal	I had to seal the hemispheres.
seamanship	Tone, who accompanied it as Adjutant-general Smith, had the greatest contempt for the seamanship of the French sailors, which was amply justified by the disastrous result of the invasion.
seaplane	In 1921 a seaplane service was started along the Congo river from Stanley Pool to Stanley Falls.
seamy	The seamy side of life in the great Metropolis is painted in dark colors.
seamstress	She is the best seamstress in Houston!
searching	He was searching for something.
seamed	The scenery in this mountain region is of the most varied description; bare precipitous hill-sides seamed with dry, rocky watercourses give place with almost startling rapidity to fertile slopes, terraced literally for thousands of feet.
seamless	We have tried to make the whole ground floor seamless.
searchingly	Pierre looked silently and searchingly into Prince Andrew's face, which had grown much older.
sear	The grill is hot and ready to sear meat in ten minutes and includes a MegaDome cover with an adjustable vent and cool-touch handles.
searchlight	The final descent down the Fortuna Glacier in the dark being illuminated by the searchlight from our waiting ship.
seaport	This was within historic times a great inlet of the English Channel, and Winchelsea was a famous seaport until the 15th century.
seasick	Their passengers may get a bit seasick, but we're liable to sink.
seascape	The Red Sea offers a seascape... for its rich sea life.. .
season	It isn't hunting season, is it?
seashore	The Rockport granite is found along or near the seashore, between Rockport and Bay View, and within about three-quarters of a mile of Cape Ann.
searcher	He made no pretence to be a searcher of hearts and frequently declines to analyse motives.
seasonable	The sermon was a very seasonable one, being about the harvest, and in it things temporal and spiritual were very happily blended.
seasoned	Corn seasoned with red bell peppers and black beans made a colorful vegetable.
seat	The princess, picking up her dress, was taking her seat in the dark carriage, her husband was adjusting his saber; Prince Hippolyte, under pretense of helping, was in everyone's way.
seasickness	Ginger is also used to treat nausea related to motion sickness, seasickness, and chemotherapy.
sealed	She glanced down at the sealed envelope in her hand.
seaward	Lion's Head ends seaward in Signal Hill (t too ft.).
seasonally	The temperature of the air over the Caspian basin is remarkable for its wide range both geographically and seasonally.
seaside	Seaside turf is the best.
seaway	These sediments were formed in an arid, enclosed shallow seaway or saline lake between 230 and 215 million years ago.
seasoning	The smell of Italian seasoning greeted them and she glanced up at him.
seaweed	The sweet scent of rotting seaweed made her nose wrinkle.
seawards	Green mud abounds off the east coast of North America seawards of Cape Hatteras, also to the north of Cuba, and on the west off the coast of California.
search	Our search didn't take long.
seaworthy	The vessel was not seaworthy at the commencement of the voyage.
sebaceous	Sebaceous glands secrete sebum that keeps the hair shiny and waterproof to some extent.
seaworthiness	The Code fixes the price for building and insists on the builder's giving a year's guarantee of seaworthiness.
seborrhea	However, the more pernicious forms of overactive sebaceous glands can translate into seborrhea which affects both older children and adults.
secant	Fermat and Descartes agreed in regarding the tangent to a curve as a secant of that curve with the two points of intersection coinciding, while Roberval regarded it as the direction of the composite movement by which the curve can be described.
secateurs	To use secateurs correctly, always place the stem to be cut well down at the base of the blades.
secede	He argued that a state had no legal right to secede, but denied that the federal government had any power forcibly to prevent it.
sec	The declaration is to the effect that the clergyman has not received the presentation in consideration of any sum of money, reward, gift, profit or benefit directly or indirectly given or promised by him or any one for him to any one; that he has not made any promise of resignation other than that allowed by the Clerical Resignation Bonds Act 1828; that he has not for any money or benefit procured the avoidance of the benefice; and that he has not been party to any agreement invalidated by sec. 3 sub-sec. 3 of the act which invalidates any agreement for the exercise of a right of patronage in favour or on the nomination of any particular person, and any agreement on the transfer of a right of patronage (a) for the retransfer of the right, or (b) for postponing payment of any part of the consideration for the transfer until a vacancy or for more than three months, or (c) for payment of interest until a vacancy or for more than three months, or (d) for any payment in respect of the date at which a vacancy occurs, or (e) for the resignation of a benefice in favour of any person.
secessionist	That position was that the SFRY should remain one single unified state and that the secessionist republics should not be recognized.
seasonal	There is no seasonal interruption in vegetation.
secluded	The place was quiet and secluded, and Sarah would be a sweet person to work for.
seclusion	This grateful seclusion, however, he was not permitted long to enjoy.
secondment	Without doubt, our relationships have been strengthened by the secondment of CIPFA's Phil Sinnett as IPFA's acting Chief Executive.
seating	A seating place was cleared for us near the front.
secrecy	He was sworn to secrecy anyway.
secret	The intellect is a cleaver; it discerns and rifts its way into the secret of things.
secondarily	It is quite possible that some of these medusae will be found to be truly hypogenetic, that is to say, with a life-cycle secondarily simplified by suppression of metagenesis.
secession	The interval of secession was perhaps the happiest in his life.
secreta	His latest work was Secreta Secretorum or Secrets of Old Philosophers, rhymed extracts from a pseudo-Aristotelian treatise.
secretariat	The secretariat is under the charge of a government secretary who ranks next in precedence to the governor.
secretaire	The lettres de cachet, on the contrary, were signed simply by a secretary of state (formerly known as secretaire des commandements) for the king; they bore merely the imprint of the king's privy seal, from which circumstance they were often called, in the r4th and r5th centuries, lettres de petit signet or lettres de petit cachet, and were entirely exempt from the control of the chancellor.
secondhand	I have now amassed a huge number of secondhand books of London views.
secondly	Secondly, I realized when we began this venture; it would have its run and then be over.
secrete	These pass into the blood and cause other glands to secrete.
second	A second and a third cannon ball flew past.
secretarial	It seems probable that he lived in the French embassy in some secretarial or tutorial position.
secretariate	The cardinal prefect, aided by the secretariate, deals with the ordinary business, only important matters being submitted for the consideration of the general meeting.
secondary	Private secondary schools are subjected to state inspection.
secretly	He came very quietly and secretly, to escape the soldiers.
sect	Neither sect was supposed to interfere in mortal affairs, a fact they selectively ignored.
secretaryship	Resigning the secretaryship in 1848, he was elected to the national House of Representatives as an anti-slavery Whig to succeed John Quincy Adams, and was re-elected in 1849, and, as an independent candidate, in 1850, serving until March 1853.
secretin	Some people claim that a hormone called secretin can help with the symptoms of autism.
secretive	His mother must have been secretive as well.
sectarianism	The caste system, always calculated to favour unity of religious practice within its social groups, must naturally have contributed to the advance of sectarianism.
section	The rubber is circular in section, and about 2 in.
secretion	The whole of this surface appears to be active in the secretion of a mucous-like substance.
sectarian	Amana was the strongest in numbers of the few sectarian communities in America which outlived the 19th century.
sectionalism	The cheering in the auditorium showed the sectionalism of the fans.
secretory	Secretory sacs occur abundantly in the leaflamina, where they appear as short lines between the veins; they are abundant also in the cortex and pith of the shoot, in the fleshy integument of the ovule, and elsewhere.
sectoral	In that context, we would see the setting of or operation of a cap on hours as best approached through sectoral collective bargaining.
sectile	The crystals possess a perfect cleavage parallel to the plane of symmetry and are usually bladed, in habit; they are soft (H= 2), flexible and sectile.
secularism	Lecky and Creighton are almost as dispassionate as Gardiner, but are more definitely committed to particular points of views, while democratic fervour pervades the fascinating pages of J.R.Green, and an intellectual secularism, which is almost religious in its intensity and idealism, inspired the genius of Maitland.
sectorial	With the single exception of the Indian sloth-bear, all the species have forty-two teeth, of which the incisors and canines closely resemble those of purely carnivorous mammals; while the molars, and especially the one known as the sectorial or carnassial, have their surfaces tuberculated so as to adapt.
sectional	A sectional sofa is made up of several individual pieces that can be rearranged to accommodate you room.
secretary	She heard the secretary typing.
secularize	On the 24th of November, however, he was elected to a seat in the senate, where he continued his vigorous polemic against the progressive attempts of the republican government to secularize the educational system of France until his death in 1894.
secularist	The Corporation of Leicester made no attempt to prosecute the alleged Secularist lawbreakers, who had of course broken no law.
sector	If only he didn't have to tour the Sector tonight!
secure	The line is as secure as I can make it.
secularity	A great wave of secularity rolled over the Church, engulfing the religious orders with the rest; love waxed cold, fervour languished; learning declined, discipline was relaxed, bitter rivalries broke out, especially between Franciscans and Dominicans.
security	The security system didn't recognize her thumbprint.
secularly	Failing in his attempt to maintain the religious character of the crusade, he wished to prevent it from ending secularly in its extreme consequence and logical outcome.
secularization	His object, therefore, is to protest against the growing secularization of the Pharisaic party through its adoption of popular Messianic beliefs and political ideals.
secular	Burning was an English punishment for some secular offences.
sedative	It causes some pain, so that a sedative should be added.
sedate	Dean stepped back further, the smile fading from his face as the two men drove away at a very sedate pace.
sedan	He died at Sedan in 1622, at the age of seventy-seven.
sedation	The only alternatives were sedation or strapping her down.
securely	Carmen sat up in the bed, holding the sheet securely over her gown.
sedge	An extinct water-lily, Euryale limburgensis, belongs to a monotypic genus now confined to Assam and China; an extinct sedge, Dulichium vespiforme, belongs to a genus only living in America, though the only living species once flourished also in Denmark; an extinct species of water-aloe (Stratiotes elegans) makes a third genus, represented only by a single living species, which was evidently better represented in Pliocene times.
sedentary	Wandering tribes naturally enjoy a great advantage in this respect over sedentary ones.
sediment	The river carries its sediment westward.
sedilia	There are in the chancel two freestone effigies, perhaps of the r4th century, besides three sedilia, and a piscina under arches.
sedimentary	The sedimentary deposits include slate, limestone and sandstone.
seduce	According to his own statement the king had attempted to seduce his eldest daughter; but Robert's account of his grievances varied from time to time.
sedimentology	To develop the student 's expertise in Quaternary sedimentology by consideration of both theoretical and practical approaches.
seducing	He was saturating her senses, seducing her somehow.
seditious	For the first year of his term of office he kept seditious attempts in check, but discontent grew apace.
seducer	He is still a great seducer but simply cannot play the romantic writer doomed to inevitable tragedy.
sedimentation	Terrestrial sedimentation was, indeed, a great feature of the Tertiary.
seductiveness	At the same time, the petite woman in the mirror was beyond gorgeous, the combination of shimmering seductiveness and cool beauty stunning.
seductively	Today's youth culture encourages dressing seductively.
see	I see what you mean.
sedition	It is a defence against sedition and socialism.
sedulous	The success of this very useful scheme was due chiefly to his sedulous interest and help.
sedulously	It is alleged to have been found growing wild between the Euphrates and the Tigris; but the discovery has never been authenticated, and unless the plant be sedulously cared for, the species p dies out in a surprisingly short space of time.
sedum	Xerophytes.Plants which grow in very dry soils; e.g., most hens, Ammophila (Psamma) arenaria, Elymus arenarius, Anasis aretioides, Zilla macro ptera, Sedum acre, Bupleurum spinosum, rtemisia herba-alba, Zollikofferia arborescens.
seedless	Its chief exports are seedless grapes (currants), olive-oil, silk and cereals.
seduction	The seduction was going all too well - for her.
seeder	And as far as grass establishment is concerned, he agrees that the grass harrow and air seeder does a good job.
seductive	Dressed in the seductive clothing of Hell, her body's gentle shape appeared voluptuous, her narrow shoulders exposed, her round hips and breasts enhanced.
seeing	We're seeing something strange out here.
seek	You seek to betray me as your predecessor did.
seedling	The main period of seedling emergence is April to May with a peak in April.
seeker	Half an hour later, the Rhetor returned to inform the seeker of the seven virtues, corresponding to the seven steps of Solomon's temple, which every Freemason should cultivate in himself.
seep	The tears continued to seep down Julie's cheeks but she didn't sob.
seedy	Maybe this man had a seedy past – or present, life.
seemly	Nor are they revealed universally, but in a seemly way.
seed	For the sowing of seed see Sowing.
seer	Samuel is a local seer consulted by Saul, and is bidden by Yahweh to see in the youth the future ruler.
seeming	The mind can act only upon itself; beyond that limit, the power of God must intervene to make any seeming interaction possible between body and soul.
seepage	None of its streams reaches the sea, but all lose their waters by seepage or evaporation.
seething	Cynthia came out of the parlor, followed by Fred, who was still seething over Claire Quincy's appropriation of the gold coins.
seesaw	Drugs called GABA agonists, such as baclofen and carbamazepine, are useful in treatment of seesaw nystagmus and PAN, if the nystagmus is acquired and not congenital.
seersucker	I think I'll go sit in a quiet corner in my seersucker trousers and nurse my injured literary pride for a little while.
segar	When Segar, garter king of arms, wrote in the reign of Queen Elizabeth, this had been accomplished with such completeness that he does not even mention that there were two ways of creating knights bachelors.
seethe	In addition to the references already made, seethe articles in Ency.
segmental	In the epistle ambo at Salerno and the gospel ambones at Cava and San Giovanni del Toro in Ravello, the columns support segmental arches carrying the ambones; the epistle ambo at Ravello and all those in Rome are raised on solid marble bases.
seen	You should have seen Dad's face.
segmentation	The reduction is brought about simply by the segmentation of the spirem thread into half the number of segments instead of the normal number.
segmented	Carriere's researches (1897) on the make its appearance simultaneously throughout the whole length of embryology of the mason bee (Chalicodoma) agree entirely with the the plate; the anterior parts are segmented before the posterior.
segregation	Segregation on reservations was generally accomplished in 1870-1880.
segregate	They also tend to segregate more or less, especially in large cities.
seemingly	Elisabeth strolled in from the kitchen, seemingly oblivious to situation.
segregated	Blacks and whites are segregated in all schools.
segment	It is a little star-dust caught, a segment of the rainbow which I have clutched.
seine	He took part in the defence of Paris in 1815, and afterwards occupied a subordinate situation in the prefecture of the Seine.
seigneur	In the centre were 8000 French infantry (the ancestors of the later Picardie and Piedmont regiments) under the seigneur de Molart, and 5000 Italian infantry.
seigniorial	The seigniorial taille, like the servile, had the character of a personal tax (taille personelle), a rudimentary tax on income, every man being taxed according to his wages or other income.
seismic	Great damage was done by a seismic wave following the shock.
seigniory	The commune of Venice, the ancient style of the commonwealth, changed into the seigniory of Venice.
seigniorage	It advocates unity of the monetary system throughout the entire state, with strict integrity in the quality of the coin, and the charge of a seigniorage sufficient to cover the expenses of mintage.
seisin	Feudal law required that the king should take seisin of the earldom before regranting it and receiving the homage, and the sheriff of Ayr was directed to take it on Baliol's behalf.
seem	You never seem to study.
seismograph	The Richter Scale uses a seismograph to measure seismic waves.
seismology	Large scale global seismology has helped to identify areas at risk from earthquakes and tsunami.
seismometer	On the next page, we will have a look at some example seismometer traces.
seismological	The city is so situated as to be affected by shocks from all the various seismological centres of Luzon, especially those from the active volcano Taal, 35 m.
seizure	Cowed by the bold seizure of their leaders, the states of Holland submitted.
seizin	The actual gain was small; but the invaders took seizin alike of the coast and of the island.
seldom	The same people seldom show up twice.
seizing	Her laughter lashed out in the clear air, seizing his attention.
selectable	Flexible 8 channel metering includes selectable ballistics, clip and limiting indicators.
selaginella	The leaves of the true mosses and those of the club-mosses (Lycopodium, Selaginella) being somewhat alike in general appearance and in ontogeny, might be, and indeed have been, regarded as homologous on that ground.
selectivity	This tumor selectivity has been demonstrated for transplanted tumors in animal models.
selective	Such definitions, then, are to be accepted, if at all, as definitions of type, selective designations of leading but not strictly universal features.
selectively	Neither sect was supposed to interfere in mortal affairs, a fact they selectively ignored.
selector	To search click on the magnifying glass icon in the selector box.
selenic	He obtained selenic acid in 1827 and showed that its salts are isomorphous with the sulphates, while a few years later he proved that the same thing is true of the manganates and the sulphates, and of the permanganates and the perchlorates.
seize	Dean decided to seize the moment.
select	Let him select a route for you and then suggest an alternate route.
self	While Molly was her usual quiet self, and perhaps a little nervous, it was obvious she was excited.
selfhood	It feels as if our own selfhood would scream out at us after a while, Hey, look at me!
selenite	It consists mainly of grey dreary flats covered with selenite; and a little below the surface, gypsum.
selection	The natural selection process is survival of the fittest.
selfless	He loved her fresh innocence, her selfless courage.
selenodont	There is usually a short gap between the canine and first premolar; the upper molars are short-crowned and transitional between the bunodont (tubercular) and selenodont (crescentic) types, with two outer concave tubercles and two inner conical ones; while the lower molars are crescentic, with three lobes in the last of the series..
selflessness	Yet she tried to learn her new role with a selflessness that struck him now as incredible.
selfishly	Every child misbehaves and will sometimes act selfishly and hurtfully.
selfsame	It follows that we must call this selfsame essence, at once individual and universal, substance - a conclusion, however, which Aristotle never drew in so many words, though he continued always to call essence substance, and definition a knowledge of substance.
selfish	You both made selfish choices.
selfishness	The selfishness of the three directors threw away this golden opportunity.
selling	I wasn't thinking of selling it.
selenium	Owing to the variable illumination of the selenium thus produced, the resistance of the latter, and therefore the intensity of the current sent through the line to the receiving station by the battery, will be altered accordingly.
sellotape	Using sellotape we attached a funnel to the top of the ramp.
selvage	There Nature has woven a natural selvage, and the eye rises by just gradations from the low shrubs of the shore to the highest trees.
semantic	This speech sample will also yield information about the quality of the child's voice, how fluent speech occurs, and the child's semantic and physical sound-making skill.
selves	But the insistence of idealist writers upon the relation of the world of nature to conscious intelligence, and especially to a universal consciousness realizing itself throughout the history of individuals, rendered it alike impossible to deny altogether some influence of environment upon character, and to regard the history of individual willing selves as consisting in isolated and unconnected acts of.
semantics	Her speech sounded very formal, but it was clear that the young girl did not understand the semantics of all the words she was using.
seltzer	Whatever you do, don't let anyone come near you with seltzer!
semaphore	Etymologically the word implies that the messages are written, but its earliest use was of appliances that depended on visual signals, such as the semaphore or optical telegraph of Claude Chappe.
semblance	His mouth wore its usual semblance of a smile.
semester	He'll go back to school in September, but miss the spring semester, and not graduate.
sell	We didn't sell you the tripod.
semen	The body fluids which contain enough HIV to infect someone are blood, semen, vaginal fluids including menstrual blood, and breast milk.
semiconductor	That solar energy causes the semiconductor material to release electrons.
semi	The winners of the semi finals will move to the final where the losers will play in the third place play off.
semicircular	The arches of this period are semicircular and usually highly stilted.
semicolon	In particular, be very careful not to omit the final semicolon.
semifinal	France won the other semifinal, and Italy and Norway will also be in the final.
semicircle	A semicircle is then drawn behind the bowls with a radius of 9 ft.
semifinalist	Hudson progressed to the semifinalist round in Hollywood, but was not selected to participate as a finalist.
seller	I mean, we're buying her book like a best seller, chapter and verse.
semifluid	The protoplasm of a living cell con.sists of a semifluid granular substance, called the cytoplasm, one or more nuclei, and sometimes centrosomes and plastids.
seminal	It would be the seminal accomplishment of humanity.
seminar	The seminar will include speakers from companies willing to share their experiences of using biosensors.
seminiferous	About the fifth week of human embryonic life the tunica albuginea appears in the male, from which septa grow to divide the testis into lobules, while the epithelial cords form the seminiferous tubes, though these do not gain a lumen until just before puberty.
semiofficial	The propaganda agencies of all the nations, and especially of the Central Powers, had flooded the mails, used the lecture platforms and organized their semiofficial press.
semiotics	Bath has surveyed the whole field with remarkable competence, and has used contemporary semiotics to good effect.
semipalmated	I found a juvenile Sharp-tailed Sandpiper, Semipalmated Plover, Sanderling, Ruddy Turnstone, and two Long-billed dowitchers in quick order.
seminary	She was married on the 6th of January 1836 to one of the professors in the seminary, Calvin Ellis Stowe.
semiprecious	Early crude designs were adorned with semiprecious metals in an attempt to disguise the handiwork.
semiquaver	In ' Awaiting Execution ' the atmosphere is set with a morbid semiquaver figure set an octave below.
semitism	The peculiar social conditions brought it about that in many cases the Christian Social movement took the form of Anti- A ii Semitism (q.v.).
semitone	Contains 7 technical vocal exercises played on piano and each having a one octave range in semitone intervals.
semite	The sudden rise of the later Babylonian empire under Nebuchadrezzar, the son of Nabopolassar, must have tended to produce so thorough an amalgamation of the Chaldaeans and Babylonians, who had theretofore been considered as two kindred branches of the same original Semite stock, that in the course of time no perceptible differences existed between them.
semitropical	In the Maritime Andes at and above the altitude of Caracas it may be described as semitropical, and in the still higher regions of western Venezuela it approaches the mild temperate.
semolina	Semolina and bran are manufactured in the district.
sen	As Nobel laureate Amartya Sen has noted, democracies don't have famines.
send	I'll be sure to send it to you.
sending	Her neck popped, sending a shot of pain down her back.
senatorship	Douglas, however, won the senatorship by a vote in the legislature of 54 to 46.
sender	Begin the letter at the top with the return address of the sender.
senatorial	The post would normally have been held by a legatus, of senatorial rank.
senescent	Once this cap reaches a certain length, cell division stops and the cell becomes senescent.
semitic	The Semitic race is represented by upwards of 5,000,000 Jews.
senior	He gained the senior mathematical scholarship in 1851.
senhora	There is a small, rocky and picturesque island nearer the harbour entrance, which is crowned by a small chapel, dedicated to Nossa Senhora da Boa Viagem.
senile	This physiological wasting is termed senile atrophy.
seneschal	He was afterwards governor of Aquitaine and great seneschal of Poitou, and took part in the capture of the town of La Rochesur-Yon by Edmund, earl of Cambridge.
senility	Of the remaining 398 deaths, 101 were attributed to senility; and for 297 deaths the cause was either ill-defined or unknown.
senate	It has four members in the Canadian Senate and ten in the House of Commons.
senator	A senator must be at least 25 years of age.
senna	The problem with taking senna to get things moving is that it is a stimulant laxative.
sensation	The sensation was almost physical.
sensational	I make the predictions in this book not to be sensational or controversial.
senora	Jump In The Line (Shake, Senora) - The second song on the Beetlejuice soundtrack not written and composed by Danny Elfman.
sensationalism	Of nearly all the books in this class it may be said that they deal largely in sensationalism and pornography, though it does not follow that their language is either coarse or licentious.
sensate	They are not sensate beings, they neither know nor care what arcanum (i.e. mysteries) haunt their innards.
seniority	The rest of the twenty-five seats are filled up, as a vacancy occurs, according to seniority of consecration.
sense	He also had a sense of responsibility about it.
seneca	It is served by the New York Central & Hudson River, and the Lehigh Valley railways, and by the Cayuga & Seneca Canal.
sensationally	Beyond British and sensationally sociological, Blur and singer/songwriter Damon Albarn weave tales of stifling middle class ennui into clever pop vignettes.
sensationalistic	I suppose you were all expecting a sensationalistic review of this quite wondrous film, detailing the shocking aspects of its narrative.
sensationalist	The Scottish philosophy of Thomas Reid and his successors believed that David Hume's scepticism was no more than the genuine outcome of Locke's sensationalist appeal to experience when ripened or forced on by the immaterialism of Bishop Berkeley - God and the soul alone; not God, world and soul.
sensible	That's the first sensible thing you've said in a long time.
senor	Senor turned his attention to Alex.
senseless	It has taken my whole life to stop the senseless wars.
sensitive	I didn't realize you were so sensitive about it.
sensibly	The puddle was then replaced, and remains sensibly watertight.
sensibility	Sensations, or the facts of the sensibility, are necessary; we do not impute them to ourselves.
sensitiveness	The sensitiveness of scale-beams depends entirely upon the skill and care used in their construction.
sensing	Sensing she was yielding, Darkyn drew her into his body.
sensitively	Results suggest that the position of the terminus stream is sensitively dependent on subglacial water pressures.
sensor	More data will come online, from satellite images to sensor readings.
sensitization	Early treatment can help prevent an increased sensitization to other allergens.
sensitize	Soy formula may sensitize an infant to legumes, and therefore to peanuts.
sensorineural	Other causes Less common causes of Sudden Sensorineural Hearing Loss include an acoustic neuroma, which is a benign tumor.
sensitivity	The rocks were deceptively sharp and the coldness of the water increased the sensitivity of the soles of her feet.
sensualist	According to this authority Jovinian in 388 was living at Rome the celibate life of an ascetic monk, possessed a good acquaintance with the Bible, and was the author of several minor works, but, undergoing an heretical change of view, afterwards became a self-indulgent Epicurean and unrefined sensualist.
sensorium	He discovered that in the nervous trunks there are special sensory filaments, the office of which is to transmit impressions from the periphery of the body to the sensorium, and special motor filaments which convey motor impressions from the brain or other nerve centre to the muscles.
sensually	Ideal to infuse your shower with its sunny scent of gardenia flowers, as it sensually softens your skin and leaves hair supple.
sent	He sent you to talk to me?
sentence	He typed a short sentence, and then stopped.
sensualism	In the Beaux-Arts, Batteux developed a theory which is derived from Locke through Voltaire's sceptical sensualism.
sensuousness	She is seductive sensuousness, though also having in her a small spark of light.
sensory	There is also in some genera a median retractile sensory papilla on the dorsal posterior surface above the rectum, not covered by the cuticle.
sensuality	Everything from the texture of his skin to the heat of his hands branding her was heaven to one unaccustomed to the sensuality of her world.
sensuously	You don't have to change your entire wardrobe, but it would help to dress a little more sensuously in soft, silky fabrics in muted shades.
sentience	Tallis argued that many beasts have sentience but no knowledge and thus could not be described as having consciousness.
sententious	An increase of sententious imperative clauses is also to be noted.
sensuous	This garment is made of a soft supple leather combined with a stretchable, sensuous mesh.
sentimentalist	The solitary incident of note in this period of his life is the ridiculous quarrel with Rousseau, which throws much light upon the character of the great sentimentalist.
sentimentalism	But he does not follow his idea into the details of human duty, though he passes in review fatalism, mysticism, pantheism, scepticism, egotism, sentimentalism and rationalism.
sentient	All living and sentient things are formed out of insentient atoms.
sensual	Her fingers caressed his bare forearms, the sensual touch increasing her pulse.
sentimental	Anyway, it has sentimental value.
sentimentality	It was a very sentimental film, much along the lines of Whiskey Galore, with justified, and not misplaced, sentimentality.
sepal	A stamen is opposite each sepal, and in the centre of the flower is the rudiment of a pistil.
sentinel	On the road he was stopped by a French sentinel who ordered him back.
sentry	If he was a sentry guarding the lake, he'd deemed her not a threat.
separability	We have seen how anxious Aristotle was to be considered one of the Platonists, how reluctant he was to depart from Plato's hypothesis of forms, and how, in denying the separability, he retained the Platonic belief in the reality and even in the unity of the universal.
separable	Discovery in these various directions then led physicians to regard fever and inflammation not as separable entities, but as fluctuating symptomgroups, due to swervings of function from the normal balance under contingent forces.
separateness	It follows that no sooner has separateness, individuality, begun, than dissolution, disintegration, also begins.
separatist	Some separatist churches were formed as a result of the Awakening; these either died out or became Baptist congregations.
separatism	After the execution of Greenwood, Barrow and the ex-Puritan Penry (a recent recruit to Separatism), in the spring of 1593, it seemed to some that Separatism was in effect extinguished.
sentiment	In the still, dark world in which I lived there was no strong sentiment or tenderness.
sepia	Results using rich sepia ink can also be very attractive.
separator	In Australia a continuous juice separator is generally used, and preferred to ordinary subsiding or filtering tanks.
sepoy	The sepoy mutiny at Vellore in 1807 led to his recall.
separate	Absolutely. You are two separate people.
sepsis	Patients with severe sepsis or septic shock should be admitted to ICU or a high dependency unit.
septal	It is indeed only among the Eudrilidae that the enclosure of the ovaries in septal sacs is at all general.
septa	These vascular membranes are called the lateral septa.
separated	Jonathan separated himself from the other children.
septate	Forms with septate thallus, and reproduction by chlamydospores which on germination produce sporidia; sexuality doubtful.
sept	There is no idea of government, but in each sept there is a head, who has attained that position by degrees on account of some tacitly admitted superiority and commands a limited respect and some obedience.
septennial	Also the system of Government and opposition and septennial elections almost ensured instability unless the Government had a huge majority.
separation	The principle of separation was abandoned.
separately	It's Paul and Paulette who are bunking separately, at least last night.
septicaemic	It is found in the buboes in ordinary cases, in the blood in the so-called septicaemic cases, and in the sputum of pneumonic cases.
septic	But when the hepatitis is of septic origin, suppuration is likely to occur, the result being an hepatic abscess.
september	In the middle of September he was seriously ill.
septicemia	Children with untreated lymphadenitis may develop abscesses, cellulitis, or blood poisoning (septicemia), which is sometimes fatal.
septicaemia	Medicine and surgery are but two aspects of one art; Pasteur shed light on both surgery and medicine, and when Lister, his disciple, penetrated into the secrets of wound fevers and septicaemia, he illuminated surgery and medicine alike.
septuagenarian	John was now a septuagenarian king in exile, but he was still vigorous enough to revenge himself on Frederick, by commanding the papal troops which attacked southern Italy during the emperor's absence on the sixth crusade (1228-1229).
sequel	But the sequel of the events is not certain.
sepulture	The original term, catacumbae, however, had no connexion with sepulture, but was simply the name of a particular locality in the environs of Rome.
sequence	To sequence corn's genome took four years and cost US$30 million.
sepulchral	The name is given to a number of sepulchral monuments placed on hill-tops.
septuagint	To the above we have a good parallel in the Book of Daniel; for the variations of its two chief Greek Versions - that of the Septuagint and of Theodotion - go back to variations in the Semitic.
sequential	Learning a new language is a lot like learning sequential math; you need to fully understand the fundamentals in order to successfully proceed.
sequencing	But scientists have been busy sequencing all manner of things.
sequester	To keep them safe, the man decided to sequester his most valuable items in a safe.
sequencer	By applying a step sequencer to a drum kit, you can use RADIAS as a programmable drum machine.
septum	To the left of the ctenidium a pulmonary sac, separated from it by an incomplete septum, am phibious.
sequenced	Even smallpox has been sequenced and is available for download.
sequent	It is possible to treat will as a permanent cause manifesting itself through a series of sequent changes, and obedient to the laws which govern the development of the personality of the single individual.
sepulchre	His body was sent to Pompey, who buried it in the royal sepulchre at Sinope.
sequoia	Along the way, we discover ancient sequoia trees, the largest living trees in the world.
sequestration	This right was enforceable by sequestration and sale.
sequin	For a night at the club, when you want to capture attention and highlight your curves with a hint of sparkle, you can pair sequin tops with fashion jeans or a pair of black pants to achieve the right mix of flashy, fashionable and trendy.
sequestered	The village has become a favourite centre for tourists, but preserves its picturesque and sequestered appearance.
serai	Founded, in 1262, by the Hungarian General Cotroman, under the name of Bosnavar or Vrhbosna, Serajevo was enlarged by Husref Bey two centuries later, and takes its name from the palace (Turkish, serai), which he founded.
seraglio	He courageously aided the escape of Youssouff, pursued by the soldiers of the bey, of whom he was one of the officers, for violation of the seraglio law.
sequined	The full-length, sequined halter gown she wore clung to every curve and sported slits on both sides clear up to the hip.
seraph	After the dissolution of bands Urgent Cry and Seraph that Cooper and Steorts respectively played in, Skillet was born.
sera	Thq latter retreated south of the river Mareb, leaving the whole of the cis-Mareb territory, including the provinces of Hamasen, Agameh, Sera and Okul-Kusai, in Italian hands.
serang	The natives are Sundanese, except in the northern or Serang division, where they are Javanese.
seraphic	But the fame of the Seraphic Doctor is connected more closely with the history of mysticism (see Mysticism) than with the main stream of Scholastic thought.
seraskier	On that day Aga Hussein Pasha was appointed Seraskier (commandant) of the victorious Mahommedan troops ; at first only two divisions were established, quartered respectidely at Constantinople and Scutari.
serendipity	Nature has created a wonderful serendipity.
serene	Evelyn appeared serene and perfect, as usual.
serenity	The relaxed, elegant atmosphere adds to the feeling of serenity inside the cabin.
serf	In some cases it formed a serf class, e.g.
seraphim	Putting aside the cherubim and seraphim, they are not spoken of as having wings.
serfdom	The notion of serfdom is distinct from those of freedom and of slavery.
serb	The reforms in Turkey certainly encouraged the Serb and Moslem inhabitants of the occupied territory to petition the emperor for the grant of a constitution similar to that in force in the provinces of Austria proper.
serbian	The Franciscan friar Kacic, who did so much for the revival of popular poetry in Bosnia and Dalmatia in the mid-18th century, shows similar traces of Serbophil feeling, and the achievements of Dusan and other Serbian Tsars have bulked almost as largely in the modern literature of the Croats as of the Serbs themselves.
serenade	Then you can serenade your partner with your beautiful music.
serge	The manufacture of serge was considerable early in the 19th century.
serfage	In no sense could it be considered a homogeneous political unit, for in Lithuania the majority of the population were Russian in nationality, language and religion, whereas in Poland the great majority of the inhabitants were Polish and Roman Catholic. Gradually, it is true, the Lithuanian nobles, who possessed all the land and held the peasantry in a state of serfage, adopted Polish nationality and culture, but this change did not secure homogeneity, because the masses clung obstinately to their old nationality and religion, and all the efforts of the Church of Rome to bring them under papal authority proved fruitless.
sergeant	I'll keep that in mind the next time the sergeant barks at me.
serially	To the Woman's Tribune she made important contributions, publishing in it serially parts of the Woman's Bible (1895), which she and others prepared, and her personal reminiscences, published in 1898 as Eighty Years and More.
serial	Many serial publications have been almost entirely made up of extracts from English sources.
series	A series of disasters frustrated the gigantic scheme.
serious	This is serious stuff.
seriously	You can't seriously think I'm a suspect.
serif	Common attribute include serif, sans-serif, weight, cap height, x-height, spacing, language, and posture.
sericulture	Sericulture is an important industry.
serin	Very nearly resembling the canary, but smaller in size, is the Serin (Serinus hortulanus), a species which not long since was very local in Europe, and chiefly known to inhabit the countries bordering on the Mediterranean.
seriema	It is not easy to say when any example of the bird first came under the eyes of British ornithologists; but in the Zoological Proceedings for Seriema.
serjeant	The office of marshal in the high court is represented in this court by a serjeant, who also bears a silver oar.
serological	Serological test methods for the detection of anti-amoebic antibodies remain extremely useful for the diagnosis of amoebic liver abscess.
seriousness	He can't even realize the seriousness of what he did!
sermon	After the sermon, they all stood to sing.
serology	For any viral serology please also include date of onset.
serosa	Lecaillon (1898) on various leaf beetles, tend to show that the organ in the embryos of the lower Arthropoda corresponds with whole of the mid-gut arises from the proliferation of cells at the the region invaginated to form the serosa of the hexapod embryo.
serotype	These results proved that they belong to the same serotype.
serrated	They are herbaceous perennials, generally with hairy serrated leaves and handsome flowers.
serous	The serous membranes show petechiae and haemorrhages.
serow	Next come the Rupicaprinae, which include several genera of mountain-dwelling ruminants, typified by the European chamois (Rupicapra); the other genera being the Asiatic serow, goral and takin, and the North American Rocky Mountain goat.
serpent	While fleeing from Aristaeus, she was bitten by a serpent and died.
serpentine	It consisted of a restaurant area, a large serpentine shaped bar and another room off to the side with two pool tables and a jukebox.
serried	Most are arranged in serried rows, like troops on parade, in immaculate garden settings.
serve	I serve my own purpose.
serrate	Leaf margins are finely serrate which give a look of a tooth, have a smooth upper surface but its lower surfaces are a bit prickly.
service	The service was a most pleasant experience.
serra	Ranges of these chapadas form the boundary lines with three states - the Serras dos Irmaos and Vermelha with Piauhy, the Serra do Araripe with Ceara., and the Serra dos Cariris Velhos with Parahyba.
serval	Serval kittens can be tamed with little trouble, but are difficult to rear.
serviceman	The case could witness the first RAF serviceman ever to be charged with the murder of civilians.
serum	If my serum worked, then we know her blood will give immunity.
serviceable	We reach surer ground after the Conquest, for then the great seals, monumental effigies, and coins become more and more serviceable in determining the forms the crown took.
servant	The servant complained to her master.
serviette	I received a present of a silver serviette ring with crest & latin inscription.
servitude	Capital punishment was abolished in 1877, penal servitude for life being substituted.
servility	He shares with Daru the honour of being the hardest worker and most devoted supporter in Napoleon's service; but it has generally been considered that he carried devotion to the length of servility, and thus often compromised the real interests of France.
servitor	Young Camden received his early education at Christ's Hospital and St Paul's school, and in 1566 went to Magdalen College, Oxford, probably as a servitor or chorister.
servile	Field work is largely performed by a servile class.
servicing	Maintenance and servicing are also important considerations and should be religiously adhered to.
server	Since, however, the ob server is not conscious of his own translatory motion FIG.
servo	Secondly, all independent proprietary rights were denied to the villein as against his lord, and the legal rule quicquid servo acquiritur domino acquiritur was extended to villeins.
sesquialteral	On this last point the information supplied by Flamsteed was peculiarly gratifying to Newton; and it is obvious from the language of this part of his letter that he had still doubts of the universal application of the sesquialteral proportion.
serving	Getting some serving bowls.
sesamoid	There is a pair of large nodular sesamoids behind the metacarpo-phalangeal articulation, and a single large transversely-extended sesamoid behind the joint between the second and third phalanx, called the navicular bone.
sesame	The chief products are coffee, sesame, the sugar-cane, cocoa, vanilla and tobacco.
sesquioxide	Iridium sesquioxide, Ir 2 0 3, is obtained when potassium iridium chloride is heated with sodium or potassium carbonates, in a stream of carbon dioxide.
set	The doctor set a due date of August 17th.
sessile	Sessile, stalked, with eight shallow marginal lobes bearing one or more rows of tentacles; without tentaculocysts; with four gonads.
sessional	It has one court of quarter-sessions, and is divided into eight petty sessional divisions.
seta	In the vibraculum the part representing the zooecium is relatively smaller, and the mandible has become the seta, an elongated chitinous lash which projects far beyond the zooecial portion of the structure.
settee	There is a double bed settee in the lounge.
setose	It bears a group of long setose hairs the bases of which are connected with the nerve fibre.
settle	There was one way to settle the matter.
settled	She married and settled in California.
setae	The setae vary much in form and are often longer and stronger than in the Oligochaetes.
sett	They send terrier dogs down into the sett to corner the badger.
seton	In 1876 he resigned the presidency of Seton Hall College.
setter	The Russian setter has a woolly and matted coat.
settler	The other prolonged contest was racial - the conflict between settler and Maori.
settlor	The settlor adds a cross-reference in the ' Additional Information ' box on page 8 of the tax return.
sevenfold	The threefold 4 ministry was developed in the 2nd, a sevenfold ministry in the middle of the 3rd century.
setting	It was a lovely setting for a home, secluded in wildly beautiful forested hills.
settlement	This new settlement lasted but a few years.
setup	The included Setup Wizard will walk you through configuring the adapter to your network's settings, step by step.
settling	The pain settling into her was of a different kind.
seventeen	At seventeen, Jenny would easily have passed for twenty-one.
seventeenth	The young duchess died in her seventeenth year after giving birth to a son, and the duke took a second wife from a humble stock, newly enriched and honoured, the daughter of Henry VIII.'s subservient chancellor, the Lord Audley of Walden.
several	After several rings, it went to the message.
seventieth	On his seventieth birthday congratulations flowed in from many quarters.
sever	A'Ran reached forward to sever the connection.
session	Unfortunately, this session was unsuccessful.
severalty	The Penns lost their governmental rights in 1776, and three years later their territorial interests were vested in the commonwealth in return for a grant of £120,000 and the guarantee of titles to private estates held in severalty.
severely	Her dark hair was pulled back severely from a narrow face.
severally	Or, if not, what are the relations in which they severally stand to them ?
seventh	She continued up Seventh Street and turned south on Main and drove toward the mountains.
severable	The legal title to the property, which is not severable, remains with the bankrupt and the other joint owner(s ).
severance	The union of philosophy and theology is the mark of the middle ages, but in Occam their severance is complete.
seventy	She must weigh seventy pounds or more.
severities	But in spite of statutes and proclamations, of occasional severities and of the patriotic example of Queen Elizabeth, the practice of fasting fell more and more into disuse.
sewer	The council may also complain to the county council that the district council have failed to sewer their parish or provide a proper water-supply, or generally to enforce the provisions of the Burial Acts; and upon such complaint, if ascertained to be well founded, the county council may transfer to themselves the powers and duties of the district council, or may appoint a competent person to perform such powers and duties.
sewage	In 1892 was introduced the sewage system, which now includes 6 m.
sew	Then you get to sew me back together.
sewerage	For the drainage and sewerage of the city a subterranean river whose source and mouth are unknown is utilized.
severity	His severity has remained legendary.
seven	I knew someone who received that sacrament seven times.
severe	On such matters I am only severe with myself.
sewing	She looked away and fumbled with the needle and thread she'd found in a sewing kit.
sexagesimal	The Babylonian system was sexagesimal, thus (18) --
sewn	It is made of cut and sewn cloth.
sexed	Possibly the initial use of sexed semen will be to use heifer semen in those herds breeding their own heifer replacements.
sexism	So she gets out of the car and stages a protest against the inherent sexism in all traffic signs.
sex	Is sex all you think about?
sexist	Baking together might be fun (I know that sounds sexist, but it can be bonding).
sexless	We do not become hermaphrodites or for that matter genderless, sexless beings when we are baptized.
sexiness	Plus size women can enjoy all the style and sexiness of bras since a line such as Cacique exists.
sextant	We have a sextant which I used to use every week for practice.
sext	See Cicero, De Fato, 6, 7, 9; Aristotle, Metaphysica, 0 3; Sext.
sextuple	The best turn of the day was Robert Fulford's sextuple peel.
sextic	John Wallis utilized the intersections of this curve with a right line to solve cubic equations, and Edmund Halley solved sextic equations with the aid of a circle.
sexuality	Feeding was so wrapped up in sexuality for him that men held no appeal.
sexy	Sexy, even when you want to cut my head off.
sextile	Pluto sextile Saturn Saturn sextile Pluto offers great strength of purpose and the ability to hold tightly to principles and beliefs.
sexton	Beecher was sexton as well as preacher.
sextet	In 1943 he leads a quintet and sextet based in Los Angeles which includes Nat King Cole.
sf	In the case of a single lens of glass with the most favourable curvatures, Sf is about equal to a 2 f, so that a 4 must not exceed off.
shabbily	A dozen or so shabbily dressed men and one elderly woman, similarly attired stood around outside.
shack	He didn't shack up at the Whitney Motel.
sh	This salt, on standing, decomposes into barium dithionate, BaS206, and diethyl disulphide, (C2H5)2S2, which points to the presence of the SH group in the molecule.
sgt	Sgt Estcourt was awarded a divisional commendation for disarming a suicidal man who had a knife.
shade	The old Apple tree spread a blanket of shade in the grass beside the pond.
shabby	Twelve dollars later I was let off at a shabby red brick building in a section of town where no tour busses stop.
sexually	Lydia is a bit— sexually aggressive.
shaddock	Among fruit trees, besides the wild fruits already mentioned, are the pineapple, mango, papua, guava, grenadilla, rose apple, custard apple, soursop, loquat, naartje, shaddock and citrous fruits.
shackle	The port anchor was dropped and bowsed to with only a shackle (75 ft.) out.
shad	The sprat, pilchard or sardine and shad are species of the same genus.
shady	It has large white flowers and grows freely in peaty soil in shady borders.
shadowing	The headlights of a slow moving car washed her white body, shadowing the curve of her buttocks, the roundness of her shoulder, painting her golden hair in its light.
shading	You could add some shading to your bunny drawing.
shafting	Cranes driven by shafting, or by mechanical power, have been largely superseded by electric cranes, principally on account of the much greater economy of transmission.
sexual	Oh, I don't mean that in a sexual way.
shagged	This style can be shagged up with molding pastes and creams.
shag	While that juicy orange shag is playful and super retro, will you be loving it two years down the road?
shadowy	The shadowy figure disappeared into an alcove.
shake	Don't shake your head.
shagreen	Green shoes of shagreen are common at Isfahan.
shaft	The main pit was a vertical shaft.
shaggy	He saw its shaggy head and big round eyes.
shakedown	The event was a great shakedown for the engine.
shakespearian	The list of his characters in tragedy, comedy and farce is large, and would be extraordinary for a modern actor of high rank; it includes not less than seventeen Shakespearian parts.
shaking	Tears welled up in her eyes, blurring the shaking hands.
shakespearean	He went on to become a noted Shakespearean actor.
shakiness	And when they stop drinking, they experience symptoms of withdrawal such as shakiness, anxiety, and nausea.
shall	What shall I make?
shah	While the shah and the king were talking, two countrymen came in.
shaker	You can get that salt shaker now, Cynthia.
shako	Interesting that he has a blue frock coat and Shako.
shaken	Deidre took it, shaken by the experience.
shallot	Garlic is cultivated in the same manner as the shallot.
shaky	She drew a shaky breath.
shallowness	In spite of the shallowness and his culture and his extremely weak character, he enjoyed an ever-increasing popularity.
shalom	We yearn for peace that is more than the absence of violence - for peace that reflects God 's shalom for all creation.
shale	This time, she paid no attention to the shale or placing her feet right.
shaly	The development of foliation in shaly rocks is undoubtedly closely akin to the production of cleavage in slates.
shamanism	The popular cult is, however, the propitiation of demons, a modification of the Shamanism of northern Asia.
shambles	His whole life was in shambles because of her.
sham	The name was particularly used of the supporters of the Exclusion Bill in 1680, with the meaning of sham Protestant.
shame	There's no shame in being poor.
shaman	The shaman journeys or passes his/her hands over the client's body to detect intrusions.
shamanic	A shamanic healer can find and retrieve one's life essence.
shamefaced	This really is a road legal race car, with performance statistics which leave all of the cars in our Supercar Competition rather shamefaced.
shameless	Impoverished by these different causes, as well as by prodigal extravagance in interior expenditure, by shameless venality among the ruling classes, and by continual wars, of which the cost, whether they were successful or not, was enormous, the public treasury was frequently empty.
shadow	The shadow made her long legs look short.
shameful	Expelled from Italy, he only came to France to buy a shameful peace.
shamelessly	He created many new offices and shamelessly sold them.
shamefully	Elizabeth, so shamefully her inferior in personal loyalty, fidelity and gratitude, was as clearly her superior on the one all-important point of patriotism.
shambolic	Either way you would think that we should have the right to find out more about how we got to the current shambolic state.
shamrock	The shamrock is a symbol of Ireland and is well known around the world.
shampoo	It had to be the shampoo or soap, because she wasn't wearing perfume.
shallow	His breathing was shallow and fast.
shank	The paschal lamb is no longer eaten but represented by the shank bone of a lamb roasted in the ashes; unleavened bread and bitter herbs (haroseth) are eaten; four cups of wine are drunk before and after the repast, and a certain number of Psalms are recited.
shanty	James Collins' shanty was considered an uncommonly fine one.
shape	The dream took shape as it did every night.
shaped	Her eyes were almond shaped and clear amber.
shantung	It was seized in November 1897 by the German fleet, nominally to secure reparation for the murder of two German missionaries in the province of Shantung.
shang	These burial rituals have been practiced since the very beginning of China's history, starting with the Shang Dynasty.
share	I had no plans to share with Howie what I'd learned of his previous life.
shard	By strange coincidence the very next day we found a shard of attic ware.
shandy	Nearly all our information about the first forty-six years of his life before he became famous as the author of Tristram Shandy is derived from a short memoir jotted down by himself for the use of his daughter.
sharer	Please Email ONLY Sharer Wanted for 17.2 ID x tb gelding.
shapely	His eyes went to her shapely legs.
shapeless	Avoid dresses that are shapeless and oversized.
sharing	It's as if she's sharing hers with me.
shanghai	The principal China market for shirtings and other staple goods is Shanghai, which holds a large stock and distributes to minor markets.
shareholder	This not only is a unique gift but also entitles the owner to shareholder perks, benefits and even dividends.
shareware	This contains not only ready-made pages and examples, but a very impressive array of shareware readers and editors.
sharpener	The mini sharpener and carrying case that the pencils come with are also convenient.
shark	There is also a profitable shark fishery in the hands of Arabs.
sharply	Josh turned his head sharply and snorted.
sharpshooter	A bullet fired by a French sharpshooter hit him in the fleshy part of his leg.
shaper	You can wear your body shaper and leave them guessing.
sharpening	The Cossack was sharpening the saber under the wagon.
sharpen	Please, my dear fellow, will you sharpen my saber for me?
shattering	The rocket smashed into the floor below, shattering glass and pulverizing part of the balcony.
sharper	Sometimes he gave her the creeps, and she suspected he was sharper than he let on.
shatterproof	It is claimed to be shatterproof and more than able to withstand a seriously good thwack with the handset.
sharp	Somewhere up ahead was a sharp turn.
shatters	Brit., 9th ed., who points out that in the scheme of Isaiah it is made clear that the fall of the power that shatters the nations cannot fail to be recognized as Yahweh's work.
shaven	He is clean shaven and his hair is graying at the temples.
shatter	Piles made of steel concrete are driven into the ground with blows that would shatter the best of timber.
she	She is betraying us!
shawl	Princess Mary threw a shawl over her head and ran to meet the newcomer.
shaver	But, since the beginning I have been a dry shaver; I've always used an electric shaver, mostly Philishave models.
shay	She spends most of her time at the Shay apartment, hanging out and eating.
shawm	I'm the second from the left and am playing alto shawm.
shaw	Shaw, in America, independently of Joly, has interpreted the quaternion as a point-symbol.
shea	Shea trees are abundant.
sheaf	He lifted a sheaf of papers.
shaving	Katie snatched the shaving bag and a towel, stalking to the bathroom.
shears	Men do cut sheep's wool off with large shears, and send it to the mill.
shearer	Before kick-off famous spoon bender Uri had predicted a 2-1 Newcastle victory, with Alan Shearer scoring with a penalty.
shear	The look of shear fury on his face replaced her anger with fear.
shave	Helping you shave, I guess.
shearling	In August the ewes are culled and the flock made up to its full numbers by selected shearling ewes.
shearwater	There is an immense variety of water-fowl, including the phalarope, fulmar petrel, kittiwake, Manx shearwater, black guillemot, whimbrel, puffin and white-tailed eagle.
shed	She shed it and her boots quickly, wanting to escape to her room before her father cornered her.
sheave	Arrived at the farther sheave C, the now cool pigs are dumped into a railway car.
sheathing	Sheathing his dagger, he issued a sharp order to the girl.
sheep	Alex knew the sheep liked this area.
sheepish	Royce's hostile expression slowly faded into a sheepish smile.
shedding	The periodical shedding is also necessary in order to allow of this increase in size.
sheepishly	Connor glanced sheepishly at Elisabeth.
shebang	The beauty of a set is that it's not just the top you're investing in, but the entire shebang.
sheaves	A case-containing several sheaves is called a block.
sheer	Thielemann was at length overborne by sheer weight of numbers, and towards II A.M.
sheen	They sparred hard for several moments, until Darian's upper body carried a sheen of sweat.
sheeting	While loading, unloading or sheeting wagons, trucks and horseboxes 8 2.
sheik	Sheik himself invaded Asia Minor and forced the Turkoman states to acknowledge his suzerainty.
sheers	If you have curtains, sheers and very elaborate decorative rods, your window treatment could overpower the rest of your décor.
sheepskin	At night he slept on his own sheepskin rug in the corner of our bedroom.
sheath	Carmen showered and donned a simple sheath dress and didn't ask Alex what they should wear.
sheikh	The Turks occupied Sheikh `Othman, but were unable to threaten Aden itself.
shekel	A few barrel weights are found at Karnak, and several egg-shaped shekel weights at Gebelen (44); also two cuboid weights from there (44) of 1 and 10 utens are marked as 6 and 60, which can hardly refer to any unit but the heavy shekel, giving 245.
sheila	The three main characters of Claude, Berger, and Sheila are members of the Tribe.
sheet	He tore a sheet of paper from Fred's pad and scribbled the number.
sheldrake	Pigeons, partridges, quail, plover, duck, teal, sheldrake, widgeon - all of many varieties - complete the list of small game.
shelduck	There were single Shelduck and m pintail on the sea, with another m Pintail by the eastern Pool.
shelling	Factories exist near Pnom-Penh for the shelling of cotton-seeds.
shelled	Venizelos was in command of the insurgents' camp on Akrotiri, which was shelled by the united European squadrons on Feb.
shelter	The kid needed shelter and warmth.
shellac	The Platinoid Coil Was Insulated From The Water By Shellac Varnish.
shelly	A further variation consists in the development of additional shelly plates upon the dorsal line between the two large valves (Pholadidae).
shellfish	Ask about the daily specials and raw shellfish bar.
shelves	The shelves are of deal strips, 2 or 3 in.
shelve	I guess we can shelve that one for a while.
shelf	The continental plateau might for purposes of detailed study be divided into the continental shelf from - 660 ft.
shenanigans	There are clearly some political shenanigans going on here.
shelved	It was afterwards shelved by Lord Ripon.
shell	Shell fish are unimportant.
sherbet	Sucking on a Popsicle or sherbet may be soothing.
sheol	The most vivid portraiture of Sheol is to be found in the exilian passage Isa.
sheltered	The port of Algiers is sheltered from all winds.
sheraton	The legs of Sheraton's furnishings are slender and fluted, round or square, and tapered to natural or spade-style feet.
shelving	Who does not remember the interest with which, when young, he looked at shelving rocks, or any approach to a cave?
sherif	According to the story of Hicks's cook, one of the survivors, the general was the last officer to fall, pierced by the spear of the khalifa Mahommed Sherif.
sherd	It is said that, on this occasion, a voter, who did not know him, came up to him, and giving him his sherd, desired him to write upon it the name of Aristides.
sheriffdom	It forms a sheriffdom with Orkney and Caithness, and there is a resident sheriff-substitute at Lerwick, the county town.
shepherd	The shepherd did as he was bidden.
sherpa	Some car seat covers are made out of soft sherpa fleece.
shetland	Both Noss and Bressay are utilized in connexion with the rearing of Shetland ponies.
shewn	The handwriting, as shewn in the specimen, exhibits the sloping uncials which are characteristic of the eighth and ninth centuries.
sherry	Madeira, like sherry and port, is a fortified wine.
sheriff	Us sheriff candidates have to practice.
shibboleth	There is no single shibboleth used as a test.
shift	It was hardly fair to shift that responsibility solely to him.
shiatsu	Our ' unwind ' sessions include shiatsu massage, yoga or meditation (click here ).
shew	The Refiner wished to shew, in the case of His servant, that He can purify in more ways than one.
shielded	Sofia shielded her eyes against the wind and sand.
shiftiness	Play involves bribery, shiftiness, blackmail, bluffing and double-crossing and it's all very exciting.
shifty	Napoleon thought him a shifty Byzantine, and called him the Talma of the North, as ready to play any conspicuous part.
shifter	Jacob Black - The shape shifter Jacob is a year younger than Bella and becomes her best friend.
shield	She lifted her hand to shield her eyes from the sun.
shill	Its very hand for spotting shill bidders bumping up their own auctions !
shifting	Finally he looked away, shifting his attention to the improvements.
shin	She kicked his shin and he let go of her shirt.
shim	Shim the window as needed to make it level.
shindig	You're in charge of the shindig, but remember to have fun!
shimmy	At times, the wheel would shimmy at low speeds.
shimmer	The landscape was open and flat, the heat making the ground shimmer.
shilling	In 1877 the Transvaal one-pound notes were valued at one shilling cash.
shimmery	Blend a soft shimmery nude pink or apricot shadow on your lid or as a highlight, (depending on your eye shape) to enhance the brown.
shiner	In America the name bream is commonly given to the golden shiner minnow (Abramis chrysoleucus), to the pumpkin-seed sunfish (Eupomotis gibbosus), and to some kinds of porgy (Sparidae).
shingles	Red-cedar shingles are an important product.
shingly	At its southeastern extremity, and at the extreme south of the county, is the shingly promontory of Dungeness.
shininess	Talia smiled back then tried hard to grip the pendant, fascinated by its shininess.
shinny	She can gently sweep it over any shinny areas.
shiny	It was dark, shiny, thick and long.
ship	That ship is sinking fast, isn't it?
shingle	It contains large railway shops, several breweries, and saw and shingle mills.
shining	The warm sun was shining on us.
shipboard	Without TACAN, IMC recovery during shipboard operations may not be possible.
shinto	This is possibly because, as a Shinto nation, the Japanese still implicitly keep goblins and house spirits with them.
shipbuilder	On discovering in 1863 that a French shipbuilder, with the connivance of Napoleon III., was constructing two formidable iron-clads and two corvettes for the use of the Confederacy, he devoted his energies to thwarting this scheme, and succeeded in preventing the delivery of all but one of these vessels to the Confederate agents.
shipman	The name is of uncertain origin; some derive it from lolium, tares, quoting Chaucer (C. Shipman's Prologue) This Loller heer wil prechen us somwhat..
shipmate	Never mind this Hang on Shipmate, I'm a Bandy and I don't have a Green Beret!
shipper	True to his word, Quinn had packed everything he needed, called a shipper, and sent his equipment off, overnight express.
shine	Does the sun shine in your country?
shipment	Is the shipment ready?
shipshape	Keep shipshape in the fitness center or one of the pools, enjoy the entertainment, or just relax.
shipwright	But Mary was adventurous and wanted more of her life, and thus she became the first female shipwright.
shipowner	After an apprenticeship in a counting-house, he led a seafaring life for several years, and became a shipowner and merchant.
shipyard	Dagupan has a small shipyard in which sailing vessels and steam launches are constructed.
shirk	I can't believe Russ would shirk the responsibility of his own child.
shipbuilding	Shipbuilding was a considerable industry at Harwich in the 17th century.
shipwreck	St Paul's Bay was the site of shipwreck of the apostle in A.D.
shirty	Yet if you talk to them that way they get very shirty.
shirtless	He reclined on the couch, shirtless.
shirting	The imports are mainly white longcloth, grey shirting, rice, jowaree, dates and sugar.
shivering	She's shivering and she's really upset.
shire	As a typical example of these organizations the Shire Horse Society may be mentioned.
shite	The world is going to shite.
shoal	There was a shoal of mackerel in the area.
shiver	A cold shiver ran down his spine.
shit	I don't have time for this shit!
shock	Does that shock you?
shocking	His touch was like shocking herself, and she jumped.
shockingly	To my delight, the color is shockingly, brilliantly red.
shitty	You're in a shitty mood.
shipping	Maybe he was shipping drugs inside sculptures.
shod	The stand is generally made circular in section, each of the three legs being shod at the lower extremity with steel.
shivery	One morning she woke up with a headache and feeling shivery.
shoemaker	He was born in Lewes, son of a poor shoemaker.
shocker	Oh god, I've had an absolute shocker.
shirt	She glanced down at her shirt and then laughed with relief.
shoddy	However, the quality of workmanship is very shoddy.
shoemaking	They gave up their property and travelled to Soissons (Noviodunum, Augusta Suessionum), where they supported themselves by shoemaking and made many converts to Christianity.
shone	They rose and shone the light on her again.
shoot	Come on, don't shoot it down before you give it a try.
shoestring	You've also got to laud the filmmakers ' considerable ambitions of attempting to flesh out a complex sci-fi opus on such a shoestring.
shoeshine	I also worked as a shoeshine boy, which I still do after school finishes.
shop	It was too early for the silver shop to be open.
shopkeeper	The shopkeeper met them at the door with a smile.
shogunate	The first class were in the direct employment of the shogunate.
shoo	But I didn't put the bop in bop shoo wop - that was someone else.
shoplifting	Crowds increase and stores get busier so employees are focused on helping others and can't really watch everyone, so shoplifting becomes easier, especially to the thieves who understand how stores work and work in pairs or groups.
shoplift	On February 13, Ling was arrested at Los Angeles International Airport after she tried to shoplift items totaling $16 in an LAX gift shop.
shogun	To many Japanese observers i seemed that the restoration of 1867 had merely transferred the ad ministrative authority from the Tokugawa Shogun to the clans c Satsuma and ChOshC. The KOko Shimbun severely attacked th two clans as specious usurpers.
shopper	Computer Shopper has given the drives a five-star rating.
shore	We're not swimming back to shore, are we?
shooter	Look out for our new range of wines coming soon and a revamped shooter menu.
shook	She shook her head and stood.
shortbread	I find I can eat a Mars bar every day with no trouble but 3 or 4 shortbread biscuits will start an attack.
shopping	I can't even get on her shopping list.
shooting	Is someone shooting at us?
shortcake	I figured you'd eat this stuff up like strawberry shortcake.
shortcoming	This is not a shortcoming of our imaginations but rather a simple reality.
shortfall	The decline in stock markets has left many British retirees facing a huge shortfall in their expected incomes.
shortcut	Double-click the shortcut icon that we just put on the desktop.
shortage	There was no shortage of rocks on the mountain.
shoe	Maybe he was wondering when the other shoe would fall.
shorn	The Jewish expectation is thus considerably curtailed, as it is also shorn of its sensual attractions.
shortening	He contributed to the prosecution of the Hebertists, and was responsible for the law of the 22nd Prairial, which in the case of trials before the Revolutionary Tribunal deprived the accused of the aid of counsel or of witnesses or their defence, on the pretext of shortening the proceedings.
shorten	It has long been a Canadian ideal to shorten the distance from Lake Superior to the sea.
shorthorn	Other cattle societies, all well caring for the interest of their respective breeds, are the Shorthorn Society of Great Britain and Ireland, the Lincolnshire Red Shorthorn Association, the Hereford Herd Book Society, the Devon Cattle Breeders' Society, the South Devon Herd Book Society, the Sussex Herd Book Society, the Longhorned Cattle Society, the Red Polled Society, the English Guernsey Cattle Society, the English Kerry and Dexter Cattle Society, the Welsh Bla.
shorthand	It is a shorthand formula of registration.
shortish	It was shortish and wide and Harbhajan threw everything at it, but he only got a healthy snick through to Geraint Jones.
shortstop	They were on the same team, only Cummings rode the bench and Byrne was the star—he played shortstop.
shotgun	Possess a shotgun if covered and secured from the age of 15 years.
shortness	Another striking feature is shortness of legs relatively to length of trunk.
shorty	You might as well settle down, Shorty.
should	She should wash them, but there wasn't time.
shout	If only she could shout it to the world.
shove	Don't shove Matthew, honey.
shovel	He dropped the shovel and darted for her playfully.
shortly	The snow started shortly after they left and the wind blew it horizontal.
shot	She'd shot two men with it.
show	I'll show you where you can sleep.
shower	After a warm shower, she felt better.
shorts	She wore a T-shirt and shorts that revealed her shapely, soft legs.
shovelful	A knob of 808 and a shovelful of coal will give you a hot stove faster than anything else I know !
showering	Showering again, she decided to go to bed early.
shoulder	He patted her shoulder again.
showboat	Ratcliffe, in kayak canoe slalom singles, is at the front of the British showboat tomorrow.
showbiz	But they 're just not good showbiz, so they 're not on TV overmuch, so they 're not considered important.
showery	Also, the showery airflow governing the past few days seemed now to have moved on.
short	Life's too short as it is.
shouting	One was shouting, Get on!
showy	Another, Daniel Neal, in 1720, found Boston conversation as polite as in most of the cities and towns in England, many of their merchants having the advantage of a free conversation with travellers; so that a gentleman from London would almost think himself at home at Boston, when he observes the number of people, their houses, their furniture, their tables, their dress and conversation, which perhaps is as splendid and showy as that of the most considerable tradesmen in London.
showman	He was known to be ruthlessly efficient, but somewhat of a showman.
showgirl	Francesca describes the inspiration for her creation as The ultimate showgirl, a dancer from the Moulin Rouge.
shrank	The crowd shrank back from it.
showmanship	His great skill and showmanship endeared him to fans while his off-field antics would have put George Best in the shade.
shred	I will shred Dusty for not taking better care of you!
shredding	He was too hungry to enter without shredding a few humans in the process.
shredder	Using a household paper shredder is NOT taking things too far.
shrapnel	The lenses have been known to stop flying shrapnel from entering the eyes of our troops.
showroom	There is a large kitchen and bathroom showroom also on site.
shrew	Among the Insectivora, the alpine shrew (Sorex alpinus) is restricted to the Alps.
shrewdness	His history is a curious compound of artlessness and shrewdness.
shrewd	Julie gave Adrienne a shrewd look.
shriek	Cynthia's little shriek of dismay caused Dean to turn.
shrewdly	But I was so shrewdly taxed with posing as a strong-minded woman and a philosopher that one fine day I said to myself, ` What, I wonder, is philosophy?'
shrill	Who gave orders? he said in his shrill, harsh voice.
shown	The fear his words invoked must have shown on her face.
showing	I'm showing a new member to her room.
shrink	She wanted to shrink away and hide.
shrike	Species lost to Herefordshire in the last 25 years have included breeding corncrake and red-backed shrike.
shrivel	Carmen wanted to shrivel out of sight.
shrillness	Before Dean could reply, the telephone rang for the third time, with a shrillness that startled them both.
shrift	Such thieves as refused to work with him received short shrift.
shroud	People are buried in simple caskets or a shroud.
shrimp	Oysters, clams, and shrimp abound along the coast, and there are more than 500 species of mollusks in the state.
shrine	Nicolo is the so-called Oratory of Phalaris, a shrine of the 2nd century B.C., 274 ft.
shrinkage	The shrinkage is the more noticeable in the throwing branch of the industry.
shrove	Shrove Tuesday is called the French Mardi gras, Fat Tuesday, in allusion to the fat ox which is ceremoniously paraded through the streets.
shrubby	All the species are arborescent or shrubby, varying in size from the most stately of forest trees to the dwarfish bush.
shrubbery	Shrubbery graced its area and flowers its window-sills.
shrunken	His figure was crooked, his limbs shrunken; his hair hung in dishevelled locks over his haggard countenance.
shuddering	Deidre drew a shuddering breath then groaned.
shrug	His shrug and tone were nonchalant.
shrub	Unless this portal looks like a shrub, she said.
shuck	The two women adjourned to the front porch to cut green beans and shuck corn.
shucks	Twain transplants an aw shucks , no nonsense American smack dab in the middle of The Dark Ages.
shun	However mean your life is, meet it and live it; do not shun it and call it hard names.
shu	While the latter followed (or led) the Shu`ubite movement and declared for the excellence of all things not Arabian, Asma`i was the pious Moslem and avowed supporter of the superiority of the Arabs over all peoples, and of the freedom of their language and literature from all foreign influence.
shrunk	He shrunk further back into the shadows of the dining room.
shudder	I felt a shudder remembering the night before.
shutdown	This provides a more orderly shutdown than that offered by previous versions.
shunted	They want to be sure they 're not shunted aside.
shush	Shush, and just listen.
shuffle	If you want to walk quietly, do not shuffle your feet.
shunting	Apart from collisions and derailments, a large proportion of all accidents is found to be due primarily to want of care on the part of the victims. Accidents to workmen in marshalling, shunting, distributing and running trains, engines and cars, may be taken as the most important class, after train accidents, because this work is necessary and important and yet involves considerable hazard.
shuttle	Hold the shuttle! he called before addressing her again.
shy	You weren't so shy the other night.
shuttlecock	Lord Temple endeavoured to secure his exclusion on the ground that he had taken orders in the Church, and one of Gilray's caricatures delineates the two politicians, Temple and Camelford, playing at battledore and shuttlecock, with Horne Tooke as the shuttlecock.
shylock	Shylock is indeed a ruthless man, but it is clear that he has been much goaded by the merchant Antonio.
shyly	Donnie stood shyly behind her.
shunt	The other is a shunt across the terminals of the armature.
shutter	To get the 3D effect, you will need special shutter goggles.
siamang	The Asiatic elephant; the seladang, a bison of a larger type than the Indian gaur; two varieties of rhinoceros; the honey bear (bruang), the tapir, the sambhur (rusa); the speckled deer (kijang), three varieties of mouse-deer (napoh, plandok and kanchil); the gibbon (ungka or wawa'), the siamang, another species of anthropoid ape, the brok or coco-nut monkey, so called because it is trained by the Malays to gather the nuts from the coco-nut trees, the lotong, kra, and at least twenty other kinds of monkey; the binturong (arctictis binturong), the lemur; the Asiatic tiger, the black panther, the leopard, the large wild cat (harimau akar), several varieties of jungle cat; the wild boar, the wild dog; the flying squirrel,.
shyness	She noticed this and attributed it to his general kindness and shyness, which she imagined must be the same toward everyone as it was to her.
sib	Stock (Comptes rendus, 1900, 131, p. 139) obtained two borides, SiB 3 and SiB6.
shut	She shut the door.
siberian	Thus he reached the New Siberian or Liakhov Islands, and for years afterwards the seekers for fossil ivory resorted to them.
si	Triethyl silicol, (C2H5),Si OH, is a true alcohol, obtained by condensing zinc ethyl with silicic ester, the resulting substance of composition, (C2H5)3 SiOC2H51 with acetyl chloride yielding a chloro-compound (C2H5)3SiC1, which with aqueous ammonia yields the alcohol.
sibyl	Homer does not refer to a Sibyl, nor does Herodotus.
sick	Mom was sick and we needed a doctor.
sicken	Solving problems is, in fact, one of the easiest ways to sicken society.
sickening	A sickening feeling starts to grow from the pit of my stomach.
sibling	Every child feels displaced to some degree when a new sibling arrives.
sic	Abelard's remarkable compilation Sic et Non was not calculated to allay their suspicions.
sibilant	In Latin there is no evidence for the interchange of c with a sibilant earlier than the 6th century A.D.
siamese	It was destroyed by the Siamese in 1828.
sickness	The lingering sickness in his body fled, gone for good.
sibylline	These officials, at the command of the senate, consulted the Sibylline books in order to discover, not exact predictions of definite future events, but the religious observances necessary to avert extraordinary calamities (pestilence, earthquake) and to expiate prodigies in cases where the national deities were unable, or unwilling, to help. Only the interpretation of the oracle which was considered suitable to the emergency was made known to the public, not the oracle itself.
sideboard	Wall sconces can frame a serving sideboard or buffet.
sicker	If she is whiney and listless, she may be sicker than her temperature indicates.
sideburns	They were the biggest sideburns I had ever seen.
sickle	A sickle, toothed like a saw, is used for reaping.
sidelong	She stifled a laugh, and he gave her a sidelong glance.
sickly	He was fragile, narrow-shouldered and of a sickly constitution.
sidelight	He peeked through the sidelight then gasped in disbelief.
sidereal	In this remarkable work Kant, proceeding from the Newtonian conception of the solar system, extends his consideration to the entire sidereal system, points out how the whole may be mechanically regarded, and throws out the important speculation which has since received the title of the nebular hypothesis.
sidekick	Seems like he could use a sidekick.
sidewalk	She walked out onto the sidewalk, shivering in the cold.
sideline	Jessi wasn't going to stand on the sideline when it came to her cousin.
sided	They actually sided with him.
side	He has a humorous and poetic side, too.
sidle	On hearing a Scottish lilt, I sidle up to the guy.
sideways	She threw him a sideways look.
siesta	In his habits he was punctual and regular, transacting his business early in the morning, and enjoying his siesta after a drive.
siding	Their effect was supplemented by the division into French and British sympathizers; the Republicans approving the aims and condoning the excesses of the French Revolution, the Federalists siding with British reaction against French democracy.
siemens	The Siemens polarized relay, shown in fig.
sifter	A simple sifter is a layered system consisting of a bottom pan, and a fitted sifting grid that sits inside the pan.
sienna	Her face had already begun softening, and the warm sienna reclaimed her eyes.
sigh	Her sigh was a mixture of contentment and relief.
sighing	Sighing again, she opened her door.
sight	She must look a sight with red swollen eyes.
sids	For baby day care, it is imperative that the bedding and staff be current on safe sleep practices to help prevent SIDS.
sighting	Cressy, under Captain Johnson, had also stopped to lower boats but got underway on sighting a periscope.
sift	He remained throughout the night, crawling on his hands and knees to sift through the debris.
sig	Hann lagsi undir sig alla y Sudreyjar....
sightsee	These benefit packages may open up your ability to sightsee, return to the states to visit family, or to ensure that you and your family are well cared for in times of illness.
sightseeing	He got the car because he wanted to do a little sightseeing while he was here.
sieve	Incomplete fusion occurs in sieve tubes.
sightless	His brows cast deep shadows over the sightless eyes below.
sighted	He was often sighted strutting down the roadside.
sigil	By drawing the sigil as part of a ritual, the magician can invoke that spirit.
sigma	If you are not six sigma trained then this book is no good for you unless you are a maths genius.
siege	The siege failed and the Assyrians retired.
signalman	Reaching the exact spot where I had first seen the signalman I realized that it was too early to go down to his box.
sigmoid	For a sigmoid colectomy, the splenic flexure should be mobilized so that the transverse colon can be potentially brought down for the anastomosis.
signalling	Between 1858 and 1868 he was employed in home waters on a variety of special services, chiefly connected with gunnery, signalling and the tactical characteristics and capacities of steam warships.
signatory	The Treasurer will be the sole signatory on the account.
signalize	Of the artistic periodicals we may signalize the Art Journal (1849), Portfolio (1870), Magazine of Art (1878-1904), Studio (1893), Connoisseur (1901), and Burlington (1903).
signally	As a manager, though he committed some grievous blunders, he did good service to the theatre and signally advanced the popularity of Shakespeare's plays, of which not less than twenty-four were produced at Drury Lane under his management.
signboard	There was no signboard to help him.
significance	She ignored the significance in his tone.
significant	What's so significant about being his mate?
significantly	She let her gaze fall significantly on the Indian girl.
sierra	Its lower course is through the territory of Sierra Leone, and it enters the sea as the Sulima.
signer	McKinney was named, as was the county, in honour of Collin McKinney, a pioneer in the region and a signer of the Declaration of the Independence of Texas.
sign	There was no sign of anyone.
signal	Place your thumb on the pad, and it'll signal me.
signet	Other forms of head-dress are seen on the great signet from Mycenae.
signification	The letters have the same signification as below.
signature	His paintings were so unique as to require no signature for identification.
signor	In 1840 he learnt drawing at Rome under Signor Meli.
signore	Growing up out of the captain of the people or signore of the commune, the tyrant annihilated both parties for his own profit and for the peace of the state.
sikhism	Sikhism was founded by Nanak, a Khatri by caste, who was born at Talwandi near Lahore in A.D.
silence	His silence was worse than his anger.
signori	The period with which we are now dealing is the epoch of the despots, the signori, and in pursuit of expansion on the mainland Venice was brought into collision first with the Scaligeri of Verona, then with the Carraresi of Padua, and finally with the Visconti of Milan.
signify	The prince bowed to signify his respect and gratitude.
signpost	It may seem facile to talk, at such a time, about failure being a signpost for future success.
silencer	These include forged aluminum gear and brake levers, die cast aluminum footrest mounts, an aluminum silencer, and tubeless radial tires.
silex	Three years later, however, the whole road was paved with silex from the temple to Bovillae, and in 191 B.C. the first mile from the gate to the temple was similarly treated.
sikh	A Sikh college for university education was opened in 1897.
silage	No silage additives have been used for the last five years.
silently	They sat silently thinking for a time.
silent	The room was silent for a few minutes after they left.
silica	Silica is continually being added to the ocean.
silicate	Cylinders, tanks and independent boilers should be encased in a non-conducting material such as silicate cotton, thick felt or asbestos composition.
signed	He signed a contract.
silesia	One of the strongest towns in Silesia it was besieged several times during the 17th and 18th centuries.
silicone	The spikes can be glued onto window cills, pipes or ledges using a building grade silicone adhesive.
silicic	In 1858 he pointed out the isomorphism of the fluostannates and the fluosilicates, thus settling the then vexed question of the composition of silicic acid; and subsequently he studied the fluosalts of zirconium, boron, tungsten, &c., and prepared silicotungstic acid, one of the first examples of the complex inorganic acids.
silhouette	She was no more than a silhouette in the pale light.
signing	He didn't look up from the book he was signing but smiled.
silicosis	The latter includes gender specific illnesses or health concerns, including silicosis and pregnancy.
siliceous	The surface soil is clay in which are embedded fragments of siliceous sandstone, used for millstones and constructional purposes; the subsoil is limestone.
silicious	They split the silicious rocks with stonehammers,and then chipped Metal- Gold, silver, copper, pure or mixed with tin or silver, thread, but in the Gulf states the existence of excellent cane and grasses gave opportunity for several varieties of weaving.
silky	The head is short, and the coat silky and wavy.
sill	He sat his glass on the window sill and stretched out his legs.
silken	The queen like to clothe herself in silken garments, and to wear ornaments of gold.
silkworm	Among the insects the bee and the silkworm are the most useful.
silliness	What silliness, to sleep!
silicon	The results of Berzelius were greatly extended by Hermann Kopp, who recognized that carbon, boron and silicon were exceptions to the law.
silted	But like other cities of Cyprus, it suffered repeatedly from earthquake, and in medieval times when its harbour became silted the population moved to Larnaca, on the open roadstead, farther south.
silo	Tang uses a steel silo of the type used by farmers to store grain.
silk	She wore silk pajamas and a woolen sweater.
silting	The difficulties of the harbour were increased by the continued silting up, produced by the enormous amount of solid material brought down by the river.
silty	Sometimes in silty river beds they are sunk ioo ft.
silt	This current catches the silt brought down by the rivers and projects it in long banks, or lidi, parallel with the shore.
silva	Another Brazilian historian of recognized merit is Joao Manoel Pereira da Silva, whose historical writings cover the first years of the empire, from its foundation to 1840.
silly	All right, I'll play your silly games.
silversmith	Foster and Bailey was an American silversmith that operated between the years of 1878 and 1898.
similar	We have a similar sense of humor, I think.
similarity	There is a marked similarity to them.
similarly	Geertruidenberg, Heusden, Ravestein and Grave are all similarly situated.
silurian	The oldest rocks of Elba consist of schist and serpentine which in the eastern part of the island are overlaid by beds containing Silurian and Devonian fossils.
sima	Their three greatest poets are Sima Milutinovich Sarayliya (1791-1847), Peter Petrovich Nyegosh (1813-1851), prince-bishop of Montenegro, and Zmay Yovan Yovanovich (1833-1904).
simile	Sometimes it took a ridiculous simile to make a point.
simian	Like Woburn these monkeys were found to be carrying simian herpes virus.
silverware	Court starts at nine o'clock, Dean said as he piled silverware on the kitchen counter.
similitude	Draw Pp and Qq touching both catenaries, Pp and Qq will intersect at T, a point in the directrix; for since any catenary with its directrix is a similar figure to any other catenary with its directrix, if the directrix of the one coincides with that of the other the centre of similitude must lie on the common directrix.
silvery	It is a silvery white metal which burns on heating in air.
simm	Computer memory chips are actually small circuit boards that contain a group of memory chips available in 32-bit or 64-bit bus widths called a SIMM or Single In-Line Memory Module containing megabyte (MB) or gigabyte (GB) chips.
simoniacal	Their appointment, according to notions which defined themselves within the church at this epoch, was simoniacal; and during the long minority of Henry IV., who succeeded his father in 1056, the terrible Tuscan monk, Hildebrand of Soana, forged weapons which he used with deadly effect against the presumption of the empire.
simony	Cases of simony have come before the courts in which clergy of the highest rank have been implicated.
simmer	She clamped a lid on her temper and turned the fire down to simmer.
simpleton	You won't give it me, you little celibate simpleton.
simplified	The calculation of the expressions in brackets may be simplified by taking the pairs in terms from the outside; by finding the successive differences of uo + um, ill + um_l, ..., or of uI u i +umi, ..
simplify	Here the symmetry points at once to the selection of the three principal axes as the directions for i, j, k; and it would appear at first sight as if quaternions could not simplify, though they might improve in elegance, the solution of questions of this kind.
silver	She had a silver dollar and a dime.
simplification	Nor can a high degree of praise be denied to his financial policy, especially his plans for the reduction of the national debt and the simplification and consolidation of its different branches.
simplistic	The premise was simple, and maybe even overly simplistic - a space vehicle carrying a family (the Robinsons) that were going to start a space colony 'in Alpha Centauri' was sabotaged by the stowaway Dr. Smith, and thrown off course.
simplex	At provincial synods archbishops wear the pretiosa, bishops the auriphrygiata, and mitred abbots the simplex.
simulacrum	Darwinian natural selection, although it involves no true design at all, can produce an uncanny simulacrum of true design.
simulate	In their physical properties the natural waxes simulate the fatty oils and fats.
simulacra	It should be added that Eva herself appears in the photograph as well as the simulacra of humanity.
simultaneous	The simultaneous system of two quadratic forms ai, ay, say f and 0, consists of six forms, viz.
simulation	Simulation of fire within an aircraft cockpit using an unstructured mesh.
simulcast	With the advent of the Internet, many college radio stations now simulcast over the Internet.
sin	His main sin appears to be his poor timing.
since	Since you arrived, she is not sure this is the way.
simulator	The returns are obtained using the in-house built simulator, such that ground truth data is available.
sincerity	The sincerity in his voice brought tears to her eyes.
simply	People simply cannot move that fast.
sincerely	I am speaking sincerely as a friend!
sincere	He seemed sincere, but it could have been an act.
sinew	The ropes are made of twisted strands of human hair or animal sinew.
sinecure	He took orders on his presentation to the vicarage of Bridstow in the following year, and a small sinecure living in Wales was besides procured for him by his friend Samuel Molyneux (1689-1728).
simple	It's as simple as that.
sinful	She might even begin to forgive her sinful daughter.
sine	The rules then are sine of the middle part = product of tangents of adjacent parts = product of cosines of opposite parts.
sinewy	One was tall and thin, the other dark, shaggy, and sinewy, with a flat nose.
sing	He obliged and she started to sing Happy Birthday.
simultaneously	It was simultaneously frightening and annoying.
simplicity	Simplicity is submission to God.
sinfulness	The sinfulness of slavery being admitted, the duty of immediate emancipation to his clear ethical instinct was perfectly manifest.
single	A single image can end a war.
sinfonia	No audition required Guildford Sinfonia is an orchestra for musically adventurous adults.
singe	He released her neck, touching it with a thumb that burned hot enough to singe her skin.
sinfully	Finish this sinfully rich meal with a slice of pecan pie, and wash it down with an iced cold glass of sweet tie.
singleness	Unhappily for himself and for Spain, he wanted the singleness of purpose required by a ruler who would devote himself to organization, and also the combination of firmness with temper needed for dealing with his nobles.
singleton	Mr Singleton, 11 Jul 05 This seemed like a slightly amateurish service which is cheaper than the standard airport parking.
singlet	As a closed shell singlet, 7 is planar and aromatic, with C 2v symmetry.
singsong	We also had a singsong with the girl guides in the next field on the Saturday night get together.
singularity	An observer of very different mettle, the great lawyer d'Aguesseau, dwells on the noble singularity, that gave him an almost prophetic air.
singer	The lips of the singer were closed.
sinister	There was a moment of sinister silence, then a multitudinous stirring of the leaves.
sinistral	Shell bulimoid, dextral or sinistral; radular teeth, expanded at their extremities and multicuspidate.
singly	Rare bulbs may be wrapped singly in tissue paper for storing.
sink	She moved to the sink and turned on the water.
singing	My heart is singing for joy this morning.
sinner	Once get a sinner to confession, and the whole work was done.
singular	His position was one of singular difficulty.
sinless	No human being has ever lived a sinless life, except for Jesus.
sinker	The determination in the case of solids lighter than water is effected by the introduction of a sinker, i.e.
singularly	He was, however, entirely uncritical, and his style is singularly inelegant.
sinlessness	But he does not indulge, like Papias, in sensuous descriptions of this seventh millennium; to Barnabas it is a time of rest, of sinlessness, and of a holy peace.
sinter	There are significant emissions from sinter plants owing more to the large gas volumes emitted than to high concentrations.
sinking	The front end was slowly sinking down as the ground gave way.
sintered	Empress 2 consists of lithium disilicate glass ceramic as framework material (Figure 12) which is then coated with sintered glass ceramic.
sip	He took another sip of his coffee.
singles	Climbers could be seen in pairs, groups and singles, some nearly beneath them.
sinusoidal	The model excited the forms of the Van der Pol equations with sinusoidal excitation at their natural frequency.
sinuous	It comprises a sinuous strip of territory measuring between 750 and 800 m.
siphon	The Siphon bag is designed specifically for wheelchair users who have limited dexterity or balance.
sinusoid	If the pressure falls off uniformly, so that the pressure-curve is a straight line PDF sloping downwards and cutting AM in F, then the energy-curve will be a parabola curving downwards, and the velocity-curve can be represented by an ellipse, or circle with centre F and radius FA; while the time-curve will be a sinusoid.
sinus	Here also the blood system has no communication with the sinus system of the coelom.
sinusitis	Sinusitis is usually due to an infection, although swelling from allergies can mimic the symptoms of pressure, pain, and congestion, and allergies can set the stage for a bacterial infection.
siren	I hope he turned the lights and siren on!
siphonal	Probe passed into the superior division of the subpallial chamber through the excurrent siphonal notch, and issuing by the side of the foot into the inferior division of the sub-pallial chamber.
sire	He was the sire of, among other horses, Blaze (1733) and Snip (1736).
sirdar	The governor-general is sirdar (commander-in-chief) of the army.
sirocco	The Sirocco Mary Jane is the ideal shoe for the woman on the go.
sirius	Its approach was announced by the appearance of a certain star, Sirius, and as soon as that star was seen above the horizon the people hastened to remove their flocks to the higher ground and abandoned the lower pastures to the fertilizing influence of the stream.
sirrah	How had Sirrah managed to get the three scattered divisions together?
sirloin	Sirloin is the least expensive and lean.
sis	Sis, I have no money, no passport, no identification, and I haven't eaten in a few days.
sissy	Didn't you say he was an indecisive sissy?
sir	Sir, is there some way we can get in touch with you?
sit	Come in and sit down.
sisterhood	The order of the Sisters of Mercy is a religious sisterhood of the Roman Church.
site	We're going to the site tonight.
sisterly	On the other hand, that was no sisterly kiss.
sitar	A student of sitar maestro Ustad Vilayat Khan, Dharambir maintains the lyrical touch of his Ustad's style.
sisal	An excellent quality of sisal is grown.
siskin	In winter siskin, lesser redpolls and brambling visit.
sith	Perhaps I'll have them fighting baddies, who we can call, for the sake of argument, The Sith .
situation	I don't know how I got into this situation in the first place.
siting	The Chairman raised the issue of the possible skateboard ramp location, the most likely siting was the present BMX track.
situs	Nonetheless, attention must be given to the situs of the assets which are owned by the Foundation.
situate	In historic times it was situate on the lower slopes of the hills, Coressus and Prion, which rise out of a fertile plain near the mouth of the river Cayster, while the temple and precinct of Artemis or Diana, to the fame of which the town owed much of its celebrity, were in the plain itself, E.N.E.
sitter	You will need a sitter for the party anyway.
sixfold	This might be double, treble, fourfold, fivefold, sixfold, tenfold, twelvefold, even thirtyfold,, according to the enormity of the offence.
sister	My sister is coming to visit.
sixpenny	Shortly after the start of World War II, faced with rapid price inflation, the British Woolworths abandoned their sixpenny price limit.
sixpence	Passports granted in England are subject to a stamp duty of sixpence.
sixteenth	In his sixteenth year he entered the office of his father, who was partner and manager of a firm of engineers.
sixtieth	Candidates must have passed their sixtieth year, i.e.
sizable	There was already a sizable gap between her wagon and the one in front of her.
six	Dinner will be ready at six O'clock.
sixties	An elegantly dressed man in his sixties identified as Assistant Director Carlton Summerfield had taken charge.
size	It was about the size of mine.
sizar	At the age of eighteen he was enrolled as a sizar at St John's College, Cambridge, whence he graduated in 1830 as fourth wrangler.
sizeable	Saturday ended with one success in four tries, and a sizeable telephone bill.
sizer	In addition to their wide brims, there is UPF50+ and UV protection, a chin cord so that the hat won't slip away, an adjustable crown sizer, and in some cases, even a back flap to protect your neck.
sitting	Sonya was sitting by the table.
sizzle	His power made the air around him sizzle.
situated	His house was situated seven miles from the office and about the same distance from Betsy and me.
sizzler	Steak fans will be happy to know that a Sizzler restaurant coupon is easy to find.
sized	Leaning into the corner, he sized up the situation.
skate	The new skate ramp has been very well used.
skateboarder	The young skater hit an all-time high when at 16, he was named the best skateboarder in the world.
ska	It's not just the infectious nature of heavy dub bass and ska chops over a hip-hop backbeat that gets them moving.
skating	You're skating on thin ice, Mr. Juror.
skateboard	It is a small park with a skateboard area.
sixth	Pierre was the sixth to enter.
sixteen	I'll be sixteen in a month.
skateboarding	His love of skateboarding was also a great outlet for his youthful energy.
skater	The young skater hit an all-time high when at 16, he was named the best skateboarder in the world.
sixty	Once again, war raged in Europe and around the world and left sixty million people dead.
sizing	Sizing can be vastly different in a vintage dress.
skein	The length of skein adopted was 450 metres and the unit of length the half decigramme.
skeet	Skeet shooting and business quot are quot in connection mortality trends natural.
skepticism	She said the last two words with open skepticism.
skep	On top of all this is a straw skep with bees flying round it.
sketch	She ripped off a piece of sketch paper and wrote down her address.
skeptical	She turned in time to see Mrs. Watson's skeptical look turn into a smile.
skeptic	I need to see more hard evidence to become less of a skeptic.
skeptically	He eyed her skeptically as he held the door open for her.
skeleton	If there was a real skeleton, there was a real crime.
sketcher	Her career began in 1938 when she started as a sketcher on Seventh Avenue.
skeletal	Analogy also produces equally remarkable internal or skeletal transformations.
skew	They so skew the meaning of the biblical text that it comes out saying something entirely different than what was intended by the author.
sketchy	Details were sketchy to nonexistent.
skewer	The meat, usually lamb or beef, is grilled or broiled on a stick or skewer.
skiff	There was one solitary man rowing a little skiff across a lake.
skied	By the time I skied down, the guy was nowhere to be seen.
skid	He rubbed his eyes against the dimness and caught sight of a skid mark.
skill	We have the skill and the strategy.
skier	Some guy came up to himâ€”not a skier, but whoever he was, it frightened the boy.
skillful	The other is made of artificial flowers, shaped and colored by a skillful artist.
skiffle	When the skiffle group craze hit Britain in the 1950s he learned a few chords on a second-hand guitar he bought from a classmate.
ski	Time to get out of these ski clothes and do some work.
skilfully	In some cases he has skilfully suggested parallelisms and contrasts.
skim	I picked up a stone and attempted to skim it across the water.
skimmer	Some fish are covered in more mucus than others skimmer bream being the most slimy species.
skiing	We won't have you skiing any place where you're not comfortable.
skimp	These laptops not only look great but also do n't skimp on features.
skillet	She placed the skillet on the stove and turned the burner on to dry it thoroughly.
skilled	I'm an analyst and skilled technician.
skilful	The Kei Islanders are skilful in carving and celebrated boat-builders.
skinhead	Its election candidates wear suits and ties, rather than skinhead haircuts and boots.
skink	There are several varieties of the skink (Eumeces).
skinner	I reserve the term radical for the psychological behaviorism of B. F. Skinner.
skint	Seven years ago, I was totally skint, Now I am rich enough to afford debts.
skintight	Oh, and come autumn, you might want to ditch your skinny denim jeans for skintight leather trousers.
skinless	Grilling and poaching or steaming are the best methods for keeping skinless breasts succulent.
skimpy	Even the most ardent smoker wouldn't be outside in those skimpy duds.
skinned	He ran ahead and I fell down—that's how I skinned up my knee.
skipper	Barbie gained a younger sister, Skipper, in 1964.
skinny	I passed Skinny Nelly who looked the other way as I neared her.
skirl	Away in the distance we could hear the skirl of the bag pipes getting louder.
skirmish	For many years Rahway was popularly known as Spanktown, and in January 1777, during the War of Independence, a skirmish, known as the battle of Spanktown, was fought here.
skit	It was a skit about the typical problems faced by both adults and students.
skitter	A cockroach considered taking its usual skitter across the floor, but was interrupted.
skip	Come on, let's skip on home.
skirting	Just like we were skirting the trespass law by poking around the mine.
skittle	There 's a picture of the inn 's 100 year old skittle alley.
skittish	Are stallions always skittish like that?
skin	If she wanted a small object and was given a large one, she would shake her head and take up a tiny bit of the skin of one hand between the thumb and finger of the other.
skivvies	Today's sleeker combinations go well under pants and they are pretty unexpected when you strip down to your skivvies.
skirt	She stood up, brushing down her skirt and looked at him.
skive	It 's computer based work but I ca n't skive on the Internet as people (including the boss) can see my screen.
skulk	The normal manner would be to skulk off stage left at this point, but not so on the PPT.
skulduggery	Byrd is, of course, persuaded that Uri 's friends would never take part in such skulduggery.
sky	The moon is full, the sky full of stars.
skua	They are the home of myriads of sea-birds and one of the nesting-places of the bonxie, or great skua (Lestris cataractes), which used to be fostered by the islanders to keep down the eagles, and the eggs of which are still strictly preserved.
skylark	We are working to bring back the skylark, lapwing and corn cockle.
skyline	Howie thought he recognized the Chicago skyline in the distance but it was too far away to tell.
skyscraper	Fire alone had never before caused a steel skyscraper to collapse.
skunk	Oh, god, Ully, this smells like a skunk crawled into my clothes!
skylight	Skylight Peak is one of the highest in New York.
slack	Sarah, please, cut me some slack here.
sl	We can multiply out this expression so as to obtain a series of monomials of the form 9(sl is2 2 s3 3 ...).
skyward	A low rumble attracted her attention skyward.
slackening	The general looked the captain up and down as he came up panting, slackening his pace as he approached.
slab	She decided on a big slab of meat.
slacker	You can feel these points as the rope going slacker.
slacken	Suddenly the threads that moved them began to slacken and become entangled and it grew difficult to move.
slain	He has slain a family member.
slake	There will be a bar to slake the thirst generated by all the activity.
slagging	If the initial quantity of phosphorus or sulphur is large, or if the removal of these impurities is to be made very thorough, the dephosphorizing or the desulphurizing slagging off may be repeated.
slalom	The return trip from Grand Junction had taken Dean twice the usual two hours, a slalom of ditched autos, snow plows, ice and stopped traffic.
slackness	She was disappointed at first at the slackness of discipline, but she appears afterwards to have accommodated herself with tolerable success to the worldliness of her environment, though not without intervals of religious misgiving.
slaking	Some heat is also gained by the slaking of the caustic lime within the liquor.
slam	Jenn heard him stride away and slam a door.
slammer	Janet will be out of the slammer before spring.
slander	Let us not slander our intelligence to that degree.
slag	The slag and matte formed float upon the lead in the crucible and are tapped, usually together, at intervals into slag-pots, where the heavy matter settles on the bottom and the light slag on the top. When cold they are readily separated by a blow from a hammer.
slanted	It looks like the Latin cross, but has two smaller lines-one straight across the top of the cross for the inscription above Christ's head, and one slanted near the base to symbolize his footrest.
slanderous	The Christians were attacked on slanderous charges of superstition and secret abominations, but not as a church.
slant	As there is no dormer on the roof, the ceilings slant downward on each side.
slanting	The sole consists of two halves slanting against each other,.
skull	She repeated that the skull was crushed.
slash	I'll stab and slash and chop off their heads!
slapping	There were sounds of men slapping one another, yelling, and puffing.
slang	Because of this, two bits is still slang for twenty-five cents in the United States.
slap	She raised a hand to slap him again, but he grabbed her.
slashing	He whirled, slashing down someone with a sword.
slapdash	I would n't say this is my favorite of the early series, it all seems a bit slapdash.
slat	Dip a soft scrub brush into the cleaning mixture and gently scrub each slat.
slapstick	It was just like an old-fashioned slapstick comedy where people threw cakes at each other.
slating	It all bodes ill for United's survival prospects, and has sparked a fresh spate of slating on the club's fans forum.
slater	The prohibition of the exportation from England of machinery, models or drawings retarded mechanical improvement, but in 1790 an industrial company was formed at Providence to carry on cotton spinning, and in December of that year there was established at Pawtucket a factory equipped with Arkwright machines constructed by Samuel Slater.
slaty	They are at a depth of about 12 ft., in slaty shale containing Llandeilo fossils and contemporaneous felspathic ash and scoriae.
slaughtering	Darkyn is already slaughtering kids.
slather	In recent years, many parents have been so afraid of sunburns that they slather their children with sunscreen, which blocks access to this important nutrient.
slav	The earliest inhabitants of Lauenburg were a Slav tribe, the Polabes, who were gradually replaced by colonists from Saxony.
slatted	There was a slatted wooden bench and a couple of hooks on which to hang my clothes.
slavery	Then war can become obsolete, as foreign to us as slavery and public hangings.
slaughter	And, he'd slaughter anyone near his property.
slaughterer	Kosher meat is labelled with the name of the slaughterer and the date of killing.
slaver	Then mix in a jaw dropping performance by the film's controversial director as a degenerate white slaver.
slavish	It was valuable in teaching how to work within definite limitations, but without slavish copying; it also emancipated a considerable body of craftsmen from the tyranny of manufacturers whose sole idea was that machine-work should supersede handicraft.
slavishly	The works of the ancient tragedians (especially Seneca, in preference to the Greek) came into vogue, and were slavishly followed by French and Italian imitators down to the 17th century.
slavic	His Starozitnosti Slovanske (Slavic antiquities), an attempt to record the then almost unknown history and literature of the early Sla y s, has still considerable value.
slate	He's got a blank slate for a lifetime of memory.
slay	How could any human be so heartless to slay an infant?
slaw	It's believable because make a slaw pumpkin soup and defeating a longtime.
slave	The slave had honor.
slavonian	The Bulgars of the Volga were of Turkish origin, but may have assimilated Finnish and, later, Slavonian elements.
sleazy	He sounded noble, not at all sleazy like the other night.
sled	So we had to go out by tractor dragging a sled behind.
sledge	It would take a sledge hammer or more to break down this portal.
sleaze	Shipton may be sleaze of the year, but until he does something illegal, there isn't anything the law can do.
slayer	Lion skins belong to the emperor, but the slayer keeps a strip to decorate his shield.
sleep	Are you wiping the sleep from your eyes?
sledding	For the first time I went sledding without my father.
sleeker	The dog was merrier and sleeker than it had been in Moscow.
sleeping	You do have the choice of sharing my bed or sleeping on the couch.
sleepless	Princess Mary, alarmed by her father's feverish and sleepless activity after his previous apathy, could not bring herself to leave him alone and for the first time in her life ventured to disobey him.
sleepily	She smiled sleepily at him.
sleekness	But for the sleekness of the iPod line and a lot of storage space in a flash-based player, it's still a great buy.
sleepy	My sleepy greeting was met by a shout.
sleet	The water falls back to the earth as rain, snow, sleet, or hail.
slavonic	The large number of Slavonic local names in Albania, even in districts where no trace of a Slavonic population exists, bears witness to the extensive Servian and Bulgarian immigrations in the early middle ages, but the original inhabitants gradually ousted or assimilated the invaders.
sleeplessness	For years he had suffered greatly from sleeplessness.
sleeper	It is regarded by many savage peoples as highly dangerous to arouse a sleeper suddenly, as his soul may not have time to return.
sleepiness	After absorption their action, speaking generally, is exerted on the brain and spinal cord, and is at first slightly stimulant and afterwards depressing, even to the causing of sleepiness and stupor.
slender	She screamed and frantically clawed the slender green snake from her arm.
sleek	The animals were sleek and their black fur shined in the sunlight.
sleigh	He sprang out before the sleigh stopped, and ran into the hall.
sleighing	This while averaging a lower temperature than (A) is not so subject to change; it retains the snow for sleighing, which is a boon to the farmer.
slenderize	Thinner straps tend to slenderize the upper body, but if you are already on the slim side, then wider straps may be best.
slept	I thought it would be better if I slept here.
sleuth	He felt little concern, however; let the old man read about a real mystery instead of his fictional sleuth sto­ries.
sleeve	She clutched his sleeve as he turned away.
slice	One can cut off a slice of bread, but not an army.
sleight	As he teaches a particular routine, he also teaches each sleight, each move, the psychology, the proper attitude to take.
slick	Yeah, this is one slick pair of wheels.
sleeved	This one wore a short sleeved shirt, jeans and white sneakers.
slicer	Here they are discharged (washed and freed from any adherent soil) into an elevator, which carries them up to the top of the building and delivers them into a hopper feeding the slicer.
slenderly	More was able to reply that he had warned the king that this very thing might happen, that upon some breach of amity between the crown of England and the pope Henry's too pronounced assertion of the papal authority might be turned against himself, therefore it were best that place be amended, and his authority more slenderly touched.
slide	Would she slide back into that lost mode?
slenderness	It has a broad rounded head, short face, large naked eyes, large hands, and long thin fingers with pointed claws, of which the third is remarkable for its extreme slenderness.
slicker	An old joke is about the city slicker who finds himself lost in the country.
sleeveless	The kurta is a sort of sleeveless shirt, open in front and reaching to the waist.
slew	He's got a float and a slew of balloons!
slid	The smile slid off his face.
slightingly	Harvey, as is well known, spoke slightingly of the great chancellor, and it is not till the rapid development of physical science in England and Holland in the latter part of the century, that we find Baconian principles explicitly recognized.
slim	His hips were slim, his long legs shapely.
slime	The whole of the gold is recovered as anode slime in cloth bags surrounding the anodes.
slighting	The slighting references to it by the Christian fathers are no more an argument against its existence in the primitive church than the similar denunciations by the Jewish prophets of burnt-offerings and sacrifices are any proof that there were no such rites as the offering of incense, and of the blood of bulls and fat of rams, in the worship of the temple at Jerusalem.
slightness	The great fluidity of bronze when melted, the slightness of its contraction on solidifying, together with its density and hardness, make it especially suitable for casting, and allow of its taking the impress of the mould with extreme sharpness and delicacy.
slider	The middle slider allows a subtler adjustment of mid-range colors alone.
slimy	The raindrops were heavier now, working the mud on her face into a slimy mess.
slimness	It's easy to create height and an illusion of slimness by using interesting necklines (think V-necks) and hemlines when selecting the tops to wear with your cargos.
slight	After a slight hesitation the door burst open with a cracking blow.
sliding	She fixed her hair while sliding on her shoes.
slimmer	If those are your legs, choose slimmer trousers and knee-length skirts.
slinger	Late in 2004, founding guitarist Andy Powell, bassist Bob Skeat and drummer Ray Weston were joined by Finnish guitar slinger Muddy Manninen.
sling	My shoulder is hurting and I'd like to put the sling on for a while.
slink	Aniston didn't slink away from what she said.
slingback	Fly Flot £ 19.99 Fly Flot black suede slingback sandal.
slingshot	Shoot him down with your slingshot and talk to him.
slightly	The car rocked slightly with a gust of wind.
slippery	A mist overhung the field and the hillsides were slippery with mud.
slipper	The urussi, or Russian shoe is the most common; next, the kafsh or slipper of various kinds.
slinky	Slinky fabric, almost £ 25.00 Autumn flowers 70's floral print a-line skirt A-line 70's polyester skirt A-line 70's polyester skirt with gorgeous floral print.
slippage	A model with a keyed chuck holds the bits without slippage.
slipshod	Poor writing is often the result of slipshod thinking or the muddled memory of unnecessary rules.
slippy	Is it mostly dry but with wet slippy bits under the trees where the tree sap has fallen?
slip	We all are, as if we let him slip away.
slither	The fish would slither around in this chopped off state for hours.
sliver	She kept her head down, pretending she had a sliver in her finger.
slitting	Bilston contains numerous furnaces, forges, rolling and slitting mills for the preparation of iron, and a great variety of factories for japanned and painted goods, brass-work and heavy iron goods.
slipway	One centering was used for the two arch rings, supported on dwarf walls which formed a slipway, along which it was moved after the first arch was built.
slipping	Slipping into her sandals, she hurried down the hall.
slit	A man stood next to it, peeking through a slit in the vertical slats.
slithery	I know that some people freeze on the spot at the sight of slithery snakes.
slob	I managed to do 20 laps of a 50 meter pool which wasn't bad for an unfit slob... ... .
slogan	The slogan of the team is, Stand fast. No matter what!
slog	Prolific electronica musician Moby had a long, hard slog to the top of the charts.
slope	They waited until he climbed up the slope to where they stood.
sloe	In Autumn, the sloe bushes provide a rich harvest for the gin drinkers.
sloppiness	Many falsely associate the punk rock style with grunge or a general sloppiness.
sloppy	Too late and they'd be sloppy drunk.
slop	He even tossed in some biscuits, just to slop up the juice.
sloop	In July 1779 he became commander, and was appointed to the Rover sloop; in June of the following year he attained the rank of post-captain.
sloppily	They will feel like we stumbled sloppily into the future.
slothful	But he was too slothful to have more than a passive part in the direction of his own government.
sloshed	His boots sloshed as he tiptoed across the kitchen floor.
slosh	Dean took her arm as they began the slosh home.
slothfulness	I must address my deep-seated slothfulness and bring my somewhat mercurial temperament under a greater degree of control.
slops	The lanes and alleys of the early city were unpaved and filthy with slops from the houses.
slotted	This has a slotted end, engaged by a pin P fixed to the framing, and it will be seen that its action is to slacken the band if the load tends to rise and to tighten it in the contrary case.
sloping	Its streets, sloping sharply, contain many old houses.
sloth	The sloth (Bradypus) is an arboreal animal which feeds almost exclusively on the foliage of the Cecropias.
slotting	For example, in a machine-work, the steam-engine, which is the prime mover of the various tools, has a flywheel on the crank-shaft to store and restore the periodical excess of energy arising from the variations in the effort exerted by the connecting-rod upon the crank; and each of the slotting machines, punching machines, riveting machines, and other tools has a flywheel of its own to store and restore energy, so as to enable the very different resistances opposed to those tools at different times to be overcome without too great unsteadiness of motion.
slot	The journal of the axle A, is carried in a bearing or axle-box B, which is free to move vertically in the wide vertical slot G, formed in the frame and called generally the horns, under the control of the spring.
slovak	At first the influence of German thought, German enlightenment and idealism was apparent, particularly in Kollar (a Slovak); the influence of Kant was seen in Palacky, that of Hegel and post-Kantian speculation in Aug.
slough	Last month the Internet booksellers Amazon decided to relocate their European customer service operation from Slough to Ireland.
slovene	According to nationality, 71.54% were Germans, and 28.39% Slovenes, mostly settled in the districts adjoining the Slovene province of Carniola.
slouchy	Slouchy trousers and dropped waist dresses with a hint of sparkle.
slouch	Be aware of your body language, do not slouch in the chair.
slouched	His particularly luminous eyes glare fiercely under a black slouched hat.
slowly	She walked slowly back to the kitchen.
slovenian	Auersperg (Anastasius Griin) entered the diet of Carniola carrying the whole of the Slovenian literature under his arm, as evidence that the Slovenian language could not well be substituted for German as a medium of higher education.
slovenly	The same cause may account for the somewhat slovenly Syriac style.
slowdown	This year 's seasonal slowdown has been slower than usual.
sloyd	In the last year practice in teaching is obtained at the primary practice school attached to each college, and students are also taught to make models explanatory of the various subjects of instruction after the manner of the Swedish Sloyd (Sli jd) system.
slowness	With grueling slowness, she drew nearer the shore.
sludge	The clear effluent flows into the Thames, and the sludge is taken 50 m.
slub	A soft cotton slub yarn to use as it is or for dyeing.
slr	They joy with the digital SLR is the instant replay when experimenting with macro, flash, etc. Hope this help.
slug	I poured a healthy slug and looked at my watch.
slow	A slow smile came to his lips.
sluggishness	The Jurua is the next great southern affluent of the Amazon west of the Purus, sharing with this the bottom of the immense inland Amazon depression, and having all the characteristics of the Purus as regards curvature, sluggishness and general features of the low, half-flooded forest country it traverses.
slumber	However, she fell into a deep slumber soon after she lay down.
sluicing	For a significant period the home did not have a washing machine with sluicing facility.
sluice	The floor of the sluice is laid with riffles made of strips of wood 2 in.
sluggishly	Darian moved sluggishly towards the shivering woman.
slum	I had lived in a tenement slum all my life.
slump	Edith seemed to slump down in her seat.
slung	She slung the bag over her shoulder.
slur	There was a slight slur to her words.
slurry	According to present practice the raw materials are mixed in a wash mill with so much water that the resulting slurry contains 40 to 50% of water.
sluggish	She felt sluggish in comparison.
slurp	Will slurp up of the air is to provide issues were not.
slushy	She sloshed through the slushy snow, splashing icy water on the legs of her jeans.
slush	Ice cracked at the lake's edges at first, revealing a frozen slush beneath.
sly	Cynthia asked with a sly smile.
small	It's a very small window.
smack	Jessi whirled to run, only to smack into someone else she didn't expect.
smacking	The kid sitting beside her made smacking sounds as he chewed on a huge wad of
smallness	Some of these, which may be called earth-tremors, resemble earthquakes in the rapidity with which they occur, but differ from earthquakes in being imperceptible (owing to the smallness of the motion) until instrumental means are used to detect them.
smallholder	The disease has a major impact upon smallholder dairy schemes as higher performing exotic animals are highly susceptible.
smallholding	They used to run a smallholding on their small plot of land a mile from the nearest market town of Fenton.
smart	The guy is smart and does his homework.
smallish	There is a wide choice of many, mostly smallish, dishes.
smartness	The soldiers handed up the charges, turned, loaded, and did their business with strained smartness.
smarten	I did a bit of shuffling boxes to smarten things up.
smartly	The woman was smartly dressed in a suit.
smasher	To view a photo of this little smasher (called Bonnie Willow ), click HERE.
smallpox	Smallpox has been with us for thousands of years.
smarmy	Clive, that smarmy monkey, always thinks he 's the cleverest !
smashed	She smashed into him and fell back.
smattering	He spoke a smattering of words she didn't understand.
smell	I love the smell of the ocean.
smearing	The woman sprawled atop him shook, her blood smearing his hands.
smear	Most women should get a pap smear once a year.
smelly	Cynthia politely suggested leaving the smelly collection outside and no one objected.
smash	He wanted to smash something.
smelt	He smelt strongly of rum.
smashing	He laughed as one zapped him, sending him smashing into one wall.
smile	The smile faded and his expression became ardent.
smiley	Both Dusty and Jule responded with smiley faces.
smidgen	Personally I would suggest you use a smidgen of common sense along with a little intuition.
smilax	The forests throughout most of the state have a luxuriant undergrowth consisting of a great variety of shrubs, flowering plants, grasses, ferns and mosses, and the display of magnolias, azaleas, kalmias, golden rod, asters, jessamines, smilax, ferns and mosses is often one of unusual beauty.
smilingly	The princess as usual spoke smilingly and listened with a laugh.
smew	Another visit to Torangitaival produced no buntings, although 2 each of Smew and Wood Sandpipers from the bird tower were satisfying.
smelter	A flash smelter operating continuously produces a matte containing 65 wt% Cu and 36 wt% Fe from a pure CuFeS 2 concentrate.
smite	If a bird attempts to fly in a calm, the wings must be made to smite the air after the manner of.
smirk	She took one look at the smirk on his face.
smithy	The house is a large airy 200 year old former smithy on the edge of a small hamlet.
smithsonite	In the vicinity there are the most important deposits of zinc and lead in the state, and the city derives its name from the deposits of sulphide of lead (galena), which were the first worked about here; below the galena is a zone of zinc carbonate (or smithsonite) ores, which was the main zone worked between 1860 and 1890; still lower is a zone of blende, or zinc sulphide, now the principal source of the mineral wealth of the region.
smitten	Fortunately, Bill was equally smitten with Katie.
smiling	Alex walked into the room, smiling when he saw what she had done.
smock	The women's dress is a smock with sleeves loose to the wrist, where they fit tightly.
smokeless	It burns anthracite or coke and will perform well with modern smokeless fuels.
smog	It would be nice getting away from the smog and traffic for a while.
smocking	They feature sturdy fabrics decorated with either embroidery, appliqués or smocking.
smoked	Cigarettes made of stramonium leaves may be smoked or the tincture may be taken internally.
smoker	Even the most ardent smoker wouldn't be outside in those skimpy duds.
smokey	But what about the Smokey Joe Jones and all the other Smokey Joes of world who never made it?
smolder	Fire can flame without warning or smolder to an ember if neglected.
smooth	He had no paper, but he knew where there was a smooth board.
smooch	It was a shared-popcorn, arm-around-her-shoulder, old-fash­ioned-love-story-movie kind of evening, topped off by a kiss good­nightâ€”a real one, just one, maybe not passionate but on the lips and not a brother-sister smooch at all.
smolt	This device allows us to catch part of the smolt run.
smoothbore	On the 9th the admiral received a report that working parties had been seen in Fort Silsileh parbuckling two smoothbore gunsapparently 32-pounderstowards their respective carriages and slides, which were facing in the direction of the harbour.
smoothed	Gabriel smoothed her cheeks.
smoothly	The little mustang responded smoothly under his loving guidance.
smith	The smith went on with his work.
smoky	When ignited, picric acid burns quietly with a smoky flame.
smoothie	But if you're feeling fruity then what you need is a delicious and nutritious smoothie.
smoothness	He moved silently and with smoothness and purpose.
smorgasbord	As usual, you have a wonderful smorgasbord of neat sites!
smoothing	Both of these things reduce the demands on the smoothing capacitor.
smote	The nobleman smote his breast.
smoke	Dark memories lingered like smoke after a fire.
smudgy	Next, take a fine brush, dip it into the dark brown eye shadow or even black shadow and blend the line creating a soft, smudgy effect.
smuggle	They started to smuggle cargo onto the shore.
smoking	Other things included smoking, using drugs or alcohol.
smother	All hints of hesitation left the young girl in the wake of the smother of love that enveloped her.
smuggler	In the literature and drama of his country, the Andalusian is traditionally represented as the Gascon of Spain, ever boastful and mercurial; or else as a picaresque hero, bull-fighter, brigand or smuggler.
smouldering	A smouldering and growing Puritan discontent with the Prayer Book, suppressed with a firm hand under Queen Elizabeth, burst out into a flame on the accession of King James I.
smugness	He smiled at her with continued smugness.
smudge	He has a pink nose with a black smudge on one side.
smudging	This photo has been enhanced by digitally smudging out the railings in the sky portion - the rest of the photo is not retouched.
smug	He folded his hands over his chest and gave her a smug smile.
smuggling	This is one of our smuggling routes.
smugly	He glanced at her and smiled smugly.
smutty	Their heavenly raiment was so smutty that its original color was indiscernible.
smut	The other two parasites, smut and bunt, affect principally the grain.
snaffle	As military riders use the curb only the position of snaffle and curb as just explained is reversed in the cavalry service.
snagging	Almost half of this sum was required for snagging operations alone.
snafu	That server snafu really discombobulated my train of thought.
snake	There could be a snake in the daylight.
snagged	She snagged a jar of Jif and a spoon, retreating to her library.
snag	The only minor snag with the writing, is that Harris can be repetitive.
snaggy	The southern end of the cove is very snaggy with kelp beds close in.
snail	In this duct and sac the spermatophores received in copulation from another snail are lodged.
snack	They finished the snack in silence.
snapper	The snapper is at once the handsomest and most palatable of a good variety of sea fish.
snakeskin	Breeding pair snakeskin Discus this is a proven pair not a matched pair or a.. .
snakeroot	Both medicinal and flowering plants are exceptionally abundant; a few of the former are ginseng, snakeroot, bloodroot, hore-hound, thoroughwort, redroot (Ceanothus Americanus), horse mint and wild flax, and prominent among the latter are jessamines, azaleas, lilies, roses, violets, honey-suckle and golden-rod.
snapdragon	Both sites had new species including water chickweed, common toadflax, snapdragon, common hemp nettle, dwarf mallow and greater knapweed.
snappy	Along with the laurel wreath, he was a snappy dresser.
snaking	I wandered the snaking stone streets up to the castle and into palace courtyards, including that of Francisco de Orellana.
snarling	He was snarling at me from the day we met.
snarl	I heard her snarl from behind the wooden door.
snap	The snap of a branch pulled her from her misery.
snare	The tarantula, like all its allies, spins no web as a snare but catches its prey by activity and speed of foot.
snapshot	It gave her a snapshot of their interests and personalities as well.
snark	Tracking down the truth about the Roswell incident is like hunting the mythical snark in the Carroll poem.
snatch	He reached out to snatch the Watcher's neck.
snatcher	Kojima also released Snatcher, a critically acclaimed text-based adventure, in 1988.
sneaker	They're a cross between a sneaker and a sports sandal.
sneaking	Now I know why you came sneaking out here.
snazzy	Some of the new snazzy features I did indeed find to be snazzy, but a lot of the defaults are just downright annoying.
sneering	The whole article is just sneering from on high.
sneaky	We just didn't have secrets—at least not the sneaky kind.
sneeze	Say bless you when you hear someone sneeze.
sneak	Why did they have to sneak around?
sneer	Alfred turned, a smile on his face but a sneer in his voice.
sneezing	Her throat was sore and she was sneezing and coughing.
sneakers	Jeans, sneakers and a Harvard tee shirt made up her attire.
snell	In 1613 he succeeded his father Rudolph Snell (1546-1613) as professor of mathematics in the university of Leiden.
sniff	Now that he's aware someone is looking, we'll be lucky to get a sniff of where he is.
snicket	Yahoo's A Series of Unfortunate Events is basically a revamped version of Inspector Parker using characters from the Lemony Snicket novels.
snide	It 's just the way they look at you in a snide way.
snicker	The solemn moment was broken with a snicker that went around the room.
sniffer	If you're making up containers of bath salts as gifts, try to determine what Christmas means to them and set your sniffer to work.
sniffle	He can't remember the last time he had a sniffle.
sniffy	Critics in America, tho, have been quite sniffy toward the film.
sniffing	Effie said, sniffing back a sob.
snifter	I believe they all had a snifter in The Royal pub in Clayton (just above the church) beforehand.
sniping	Hesketh-Prichard tells the story of how a sniping team noted the frequent presence of a well-fed cat on the enemy parapet.
sniper	There is a soldier in the tower with a sniper rifle.
snip	He was the sire of, among other horses, Blaze (1733) and Snip (1736).
snipping	After snipping off the ends, use the pen to mark the center point on each skewer.
snipe	The stork is seen for about 170 days, the house-swallow 160, the snow-goose 260, the snipe 220.
snippy	Dean stared at him, but was lost for a snippy response.
snippet	The key is to literally just take off a little bit; even a snippet will do.
snob	He sounded kind of like a snob to me.
snitch	Hey, I'm no snitch, so you won't get that information out of me.
snobbery	Kay Bell disliked what she saw as inverse snobbery in the attitudes of the book.
sniveling	I'd rather have entertained my house guest than listened to his sniveling and begging but alas, I do what I have to do.
snog	I thought I might get a snog from Abi.
snooker	I also take him to his club twice a week where he watches snooker.
snogging	How I wish I could make the world safer by snogging my noisy neighbors.
snook	Snook, Colorado History and Government (Denver, 1904), is a reliable school epitome.
snort	Fred, who had been taking it all in, gave a snort of laughter.
snorkel	We provide you with masks, and snorkel fins.
snoot	You've had a snoot full of beer and you're driving.
snorer	If snoring is keeping you up, you can help the snorer find a solution.
snooty	Nobody is particularly snooty in this world, right?
snore	As I snore loud I thought better one on my own.
snooze	Every morning when the alarm clock goes off at 7 o'clock, I hit snooze.
snow	Snow crunched under her feet and quickly soaked her flimsy slippers.
snowball	As she straightened, his snowball was already in the air.
snorting	A human-like creature sat in the corner making snorting sounds he assumed was weeping.
snoop	Cent featuring Snoop and G-Unit – P.I.M.P.
snotty	I got a kind of snotty reply - funny how you just know they are slightly peeved at your question.
snowman	It is the first time for me to make a snowman !
snowy	They stepped into the snowy yard outside the castle.
snot	When she sneezes, she is starting to leave snot on the carpets and walls and everywhere and it is getting hard to keep cleaning it every time I hear a sneeze come from her.
snub	I was a little puzzled to start with, then I felt deeply hurt by the obvious snub.
snout	That's right, hit him on the snout--on his snout!
snowstorm	The middle of a snowstorm was no time to give birth.
snuff	Maybe she decided to snuff him out, to keep him quiet.
snowdrop	The snowdrop is a doubtful native of Great Britain, but is largely cultivated for market in Lincolnshire.
snubbed	His mood too good to be snubbed by a mere public servant.
snp	The SNP will not increase tax - but we will not be bought by Gordon Brown's penny tax bribe.
snuffer	Use a candle snuffer or a metal spoon to put the candle out.
snowmen	Don a Santa hat and some snowmen earrings to round out the outfit.
so	I know you must be tired, so I will let you rest.
snuggle	He wouldn't crawl into their bed at midnight and snuggle close to her.
soaked	We were both soaked by the time we reached him.
soaker	I use a series of soaker hoses pegged to the ground.
snug	He wore jeans and a snug t-shirt that outlined his muscular frame.
soakage	These run in wet seasons, but in every instance for a short distance only, and sooner or later they are lost in sand-hills, where their waters disappear and a line of stunted gum-trees (Eucalyptus rostrata) is all that is present to indicate that there may be even a soakage to mark the abandoned course.
snugly	It fit snugly, though it was so thin, she still felt exposed.
sob	She began to sob aloud.
soak	Go out to the beach and soak up some sun.
sober	She met his sober gaze and smiled.
soaking	Maybe some of it was soaking in.
sobbing	Sonya was sitting sobbing in the corridor.
soar	His long wings beat the air as he rose, and it took him a short two minutes to soar over the castle.
sobriety	He was well adapted to his time by his good sense and sobriety of judgment.
sobriquet	He was so handsome in person as to have earned the sobriquet of the beauty of holiness.
soaring	He touched his brother's face, his emotions soaring once again.
soccer	The two of them played soccer almost every night.
socage	The condition of the serfs was subsequently (1520) still further deteriorated by the introduction of socage.
soberly	Alex nodded, soberly absorbing the information.
social	I'm not much of a social person I guess.
soap	He smelled of soap, and his hair was wet.
soc	Soc. (1900), lxvi.; Gates, A Study of Reduction in Oenothera rubrinervis, Bot.
socialist	Her earliest political activities in her student days were connected with the Socialist movement in the country of her birth, but about 1895 she migrated to Germany.
sociality	He overflows with anecdotes, seldom indeed gets beyond the anecdotal stage, yet from this all study of nature must begin; and he sees everywhere intelligence and beauty, love and sociality, where a later view of nature insists primarily on mere adaptation of interests or purely competitive struggles.
sociable	I have only ridden a sociable, which is very different from the ordinary tandem.
socialize	Parents need to help their only children socialize with other children.
sociability	Even the Eskimos, conspicuous as they are for their intelligence and sociability, save themselves the trouble of caring for their sick and old by walling them up and leaving them to die in a lonely hut; the Chukches stone or strangle them to death; some Indian tribes give them over to tigers, and the Battas of Sumatra eat them.
soapy	Lisa tossed Giddon a towel and plunged her hands into the soapy water in the sink.
socialite	Katie might have been brought up by a socialite, but she was all redneck now.
societal	But in many areas, scarcity is so profound it has huge societal impact.
socialization	Also they do not mage to go through the socialization process as well as other classes.
society	I thought maybe I wasn't high society material.
socialistic	Antoine (1847) are all socialistic novels, though they are much more, and good in spite of the socialism.
socinian	The only religious movement that can be regarded as even rather vaguely the outcome of humanism is the Socinian.
sociocultural	Literacy is viewed as ideological, related to power, and embedded in a sociocultural context.
socially	Socially they suffered by the outburst of religious animosity.
socialism	Socialism had become a political force in the land.
socinianism	He was thought to show a leaning towards Socinianism and Arminianism.
socioeconomic	Do not belittle anyone for their socioeconomic status.
sociological	Ethical and sociological developments of this theory succeed its physical and psychological treatment, the consideration of the antinomy of freedom being especially important.
sociobiology	So is the new sociobiology a science of empowerment and flexibility or of social fixity?
sociology	Sociology conceives itself as a natural science elucidating a factual sequence.
socket	They were fitted on to the shaft by a socket which was open on one side.
socketed	Each length was thus fastened to a sleeper at one end, while at the other it was socketed into the end of its fellow.
sociologist	According to sociologist, Tim Biblarz from UCLA, the bigger indicator of 'at risk' behavior is socio-economic stability.
sock	Just put a sock on the doorknob or something so I don't bother you.
socratic	From Xenophon's Memorabilia he learned when a boy the Socratic method of argument.
sod	Eight years from the time of turning the first sod saw 71 m.
sodden	It shall be sodden and eaten, and in the morning they should go to their tents.
soever	But it should be noted that the primary reference of binding and loosing is, according to rabbinical usage, rather to the laying down of rules than to condoning breaches of them; and nothing is said to confine the words Whose soever sins ye forgive to the offences of Christians already baptized, and they should be held to include preaching the Gospel and baptizing converts as well as the administration of internal discipline.
soffit	Some soffit panels (located under the eaves).
sodium	A solution of the free acid may be prepared by adding oxalic acid to the solution of the sodium salt.
sofa	They sat on the sofa without speaking.
softening	Jenn returned after a few minutes, her gaze softening.
softener	Nipple chafing feels worse underneath specific t-shirts, particularly cotton shirts that haven't been treated with fabric softener and textured, synthetic t-shirts.
softball	Last night I played softball for the first time.
sofi	I have to help Sofi.
soft	His laugh was soft and low.
soda	Sean brought her a bowl of thick beef stew, soda bread, and a Coke.
softie	Joe Simpson, hardest man in the world, is really a big softie like the rest of us.
soften	Mike smiled to soften the words.
softness	She sank into the softness of her leather chair.
soil	There is an abundance of fertile soil and magnificent grazing land.
softy	Being the softy that he is, he chose the latter.
soh	His eldest SOH, Heinrich August Hahn (1821-1861), after studying theology at Breslau and Berlin, became successively Privatdozent at Breslau (1845), professor ad interim (1846) at Konigsberg on the death of Heinrich Havernick, professor extraordinarius (1851) and professor ordinarius (1860) at Greif swald.
softwood	The windows and rooflights are softwood frame with double glazed argon filled low emissivity glass.
softly	The door closed softly behind him.
soggy	A soggy parking ticket was spread over his windshield by the first sweep of the wipers.
sojourn	In most countries a lengthened sojourn is a condition precedent to naturalization.
soho	After passing some time at school in Soho Square, and at a Kentish village, he went from 1744 to 1746 to Westminster School and for the next five or six years was at Eton.
soiling	My son has never really been dry although the soiling has got better, he has been chronically constipated since about 4 months old.
sola	The most basic of these tenets is sola fide.
solace	The student took solace in music.
sol	The government got alarmed when the mob one night attacked the German embassy, tore the arms of the empire from the door of the consulate, and dragged the escutcheon to the Puerto del Sol, where it was burnt amid much uproar.
soke	Henry VII., while confirming this charter in 1505, granted further that the burgesses should hold their town and soke with all the manors in the soke on payment of a fee farm.
solanaceous	The cereal crops (wheat, barley, oats, rye, maize); the cruciferous crops (turnips, cabbage, kale, rape, mustard); the solanaceous crops (potatoes); the chenopodiaceous crops (mangels, sugar-beets), and other non-leguminous crops have, so far as is known, no such power, and are therefore more or less benefited by the direct application of nitrogenous manures.
sojourner	No alien, sojourner or hired servant shall eat thereof, but a bought servant, if circumcised.
solanum	The other flowers of the lonaas are the papita de San Juan (Begonia geranifolia), with red petals contrasting with the white inner sides, valerians, the beautiful Bomarea ovata, several species of Oxalis, Solanum and crucifers.
sold	I thought you sold the ranch.
solarium	To relax there's the solarium and a roman bath.
solanine	However, eliminating solanine from the diet has been reported to bring relief to some arthritis sufferers in preliminary research.
soldan	Paz Soldan and other Peruvian geographers give the name of Andes, par excellence, to the Eastern Cordillera.
soldier	He was a brave soldier and a wise teacher.
soldiering	In 1 434 he received a gift from Philip the Good, duke of Burgundy, for his military services, but on the conclusion of the peace of Arras in the next year he abandoned soldiering for diplomacy.
soldering	Without further purification it is also used for souring in bleaching, and in tin and lead soldering.
sole	His own voice was the sole reply.
soldanella	The creeping or trailing type is a common one, as in the English bindweed (Convolvulus arvensis), which has also a tendency to climb, and Calystegia Soldanella, the sea-bindweed, the long creeping stem of which forms a sandbinder on English seashores; a widespread and efficient tropical sand-binder is Ipomaea Pes-Caprae.
soldierly	That the emperor had an honest and soldierly satisfaction in his own well-doing is clear; but if he had had anything like the vanity of a Domitian, the senate, ever eager to outrun a ruler's taste for flattery, would never have kept within such moderate bounds.
solder	It employs a continuously generated wave of molten solder to form the joints.
solar	Bruno looked on our solar system as but one out of an infinite number of worlds.
soled	All you need are flat soled shoes to wear on court.
solemnity	The pictures captured the solemnity of this day.
solecism	The qualified congregations were gradually absorbed, though traces of this ecclesiastical solecism still linger.
soldiery	Avicenna was even raised to the office of vizier; but the turbulent soldiery, composed of Kurds and Turks, mutinied against their nominal sovereign, and demanded that the new vizier should be put to death.
solemnly	Pierre looked solemnly at his audience over his spectacles and continued.
solemn	He had been unusually quiet and solemn lately.
solemnization	Knox's return in 1559 strengthened its position, and in 1562 the General Assembly enjoined the uniform use of it as the Book of Our Common Order in the administration of the Sacraments and solemnization of marriages and burials of the dead.
solferino	In New South Wales, in the form of cinnabar, it has been discovered on the Cudgegong river, near Rylstone, and it also occurs at Bingara, Solferino, Yulgilbar and Cooma.
solfatara	Sulphur containing selenium, such as occurs in the isle of Vulcano in the Lipari Isles, may be orange-red; and a similar colour is seen in sulphur which contains arsenic sulphide, such as that from La Solfatara near Naples.
soli	However this may be, Alexander's tutor had been in Asia and had met a Jew there, if his disciple Clearchus of Soli is to be trusted.
solenoid	The solenoid was above the iron cylinder, the supporting rod of which passed through it as a core.
solicitor	The city auditor, treasurer and solicitor are elected, as under the code.
solely	That was left solely in my hands.
solid	Once again the rear end was on solid ground.
solicitation	This was his first public office, and it came to him, like all later preferments, without any solicitation of his own.
solicit	She began to solicit contributions from her friends, and saved her pennies.
solidified	In the meantime the lead in the moulds, which has solidified, is removed with the crane and stacked to one side, until its turn comes to be raised and charged into one of the pans.
solicitous	He is even solicitous to show that his point of view is that of the cultivated gentleman and not of the specialist of any order.
solicitude	All the horrors of the reign of terror were based only on solicitude for public tranquillity.
solidarity	Yet there is a solidarity between the chosen few and the masses which produce them; each has a duty to the other.
solidification	There may be other halts in the cooling, both before and after complete solidification, due to evolution of heat in the mixture.
solidify	Both mix with warm water in all proportions, and will solidify in certain conditions.
soliloquy	The man seemed lost in introspection, as if delivering a soliloquy.
solipsism	And one of its weaknesses is its own solipsism, its own narcissism.
solifluction	The project aim is to develop a new process-based numerical model to predict rates and styles of periglacial solifluction.
solidity	Solidity of mass and simplicity of detail are among the characteristics of this period.
solidly	The car remained solidly in place.
solitude	Solitude had always been her friend.
solo	Her first solo swing was surprisingly successful.
solidus	The scale of judicial fines is given in the denarius ( which makes so many solidi), and it is known that the monetary system of the solidus did not appear until the Merovingian period.
solitary	He had noticed a solitary tree ahead of him.
solstitial	Eratosthenes (276-196 B.C.) used most probably a solstitial armilla for measuring the obliquity of the ecliptic. Hipparchus (160-125 B.C.) probably used an armillary sphere of four rings.
solstice	Each solstice is upon the ecliptic midway between the equinoxes, and therefore go from each.
solon	The Alcmaeonids fled and Peisistratus remained in power for about five years, during which Solon's death occurred.
solitaire	If I happen to be all alone and in an idle mood, I play a game of solitaire, of which I am very fond.
soloist	Many of their events also include soloist acts and guest artists, plus dance groups, singers and fancy costumes.
solution	I have a solution that might work.
solubility	In this particular case the solubility decreases with rise of temperature.
solus	The opening music returns at the Quoniam tu solus Sanctus with an Amen coda bringing the movement to an architecturally satisfying close.
solve	I told you'd I'd solve it!
solute	If each molecule of the solute combines with a certain number of molecules of the solvent in such a way as to render them inactive for evaporation, we get a lowering of vapour pressure.
solvable	Where these games truly differ is in discovering how solvable they are.
solvency	At first he attempted to develop the latter, and to carry on the government by means of loans in such a way as to maintain public confidence in its solvency.
solver	Between Howie's bold pronouncement, and what seemed like attacks on all quarters, I knew strong decisions were imperative and I was the problem solver in residence.
solomon	One day King Solomon was sitting on his throne, and his great men were standing around him.
soma	In the worship the drink prepared from the haoma (Indian soma) plant had a prominent place.
somatic	And yet the albino itself shows no somatic pattern or pigment.
somberly	He gazed down at her somberly.
solvent	The silver iodide is separated and the solvent distilled off.
some	Now go home and get some rest.
somebody	Somebody had to bring up the subject.
someday	Someday, you might need these lessons.
soluble	It is soluble in water and is very poisonous.
somber	Fred's mood remained somber throughout the meal.
somersault	Jenn shifted her weight and rolled into a somersault, leaping up before he could pin her.
someplace	If I'm not back in twenty minutes, go someplace safe and call the police, okay? she said, placing it on the dashboard.
sometimes	Sometimes we go out to eat.
sombre	Her hair is cut short, and her bridal robes are exchanged for the sombre religious habit.
somewhat	The female is somewhat smaller.
somewhere	You going somewhere, boss?
sombrero	Sombrero is maintained as a lighthouse by the British government.
somerset	Dixon's Histories; Pollard's Cranmer and England under Somerset; other authorities cited in Dict.
somehow	Somehow, the concept of spontaneity didn't fit him.
someone	Someone knocked at the door.
sometime	Sometime today would be good.
something	There was certainly something in it.
somnambulistic	Could we assume that there is in the adult man reflex machinery which is of higher order than the merely spinal, which employs much more complex motor mechanisms than they, and is connected with a much wider range of sense organs; and could we assume that this reflex machinery, although usually associated in its action with memorial and volitional processes, may in certain circumstances be sundered from these latter and unattendant on them - may in fact continue in work when the higher processes are at a standstill - then we might imagine a condition resembling that of the somnambulistic and cataleptic states of hypnotism.
somnambulism	Bearing fruit that had the power to induce somnambulism, it was considered to place man on a par with the gods.
sommelier	In reply to this the French sovereign despatched Andrew as his ambassador to the great Khan Kuyuk; with Longjumeau went his brother (a monk) and several others - John Goderiche, John of Carcassonne, Herbert le sommelier, Gerbert of Sens, Robert a clerk, a certain William, and an unnamed clerk of Poissy.
somnambulist	Like a somnambulist aroused from her sleep Natasha went out of the room and, returning to her hut, fell sobbing on her bed.
somite	In each somite of the mesosoma is a small, free entosternite having a similar position, but below or ventral to the nerve cords, and having a smaller number of muscles attached to it.
son	Her son was missing.
somnolence	But while the author deals with history philosophically, he does not, like Buckle, hurl at the reader's head huge generalizations, or, like Carlyle, preach him into somnolence.
somnolent	A clean sweep was made of the medieval polity surviving in the somnolent local diets and corporations.
sonar	She uses a sonar system that emits sound waves.
song	I learned a song about spring.
sonant	The substitution of these interdental and guttural sounds for the surd and sonant spirants respectively did certainly not take place simultaneously, but the vacillations of the old orthography, and afterwards the decision of the Spanish Academy, which suppressed x (= I; x was retained for cs) and allows only c and g before e and i, I and j before a, a, a, make it impossible for us to follow, with the help of the written texts, the course of the transformation.
sonata	Her favorite sonata bore her into a most intimately poetic world and the look she felt upon her made that world still more poetic.
songstress	Flamboyant songstress Karen O. prevents them from being just another fashionable New York garage punk band.
sonnet	They introduced the sonnet and blank verse.
songster	The Cuban mocking-bird is a wonderful songster.
songwriter	Perhaps her greatest influence, however, is her mother, the songwriter and folk diva Chris While.
sonic	She published The Higher Education of Women (1866) and Thoughts on sonic Questions relating to Women (1860-1908, 1910).
sonny	His vocal performance is also first rate, breathing life into Sonny but never making him too childlike or annoying.
sonority	From the rich sonority of its low notes to the clear cut of the top, it 's an effortless blow.
soon	She had to get a car as soon as possible.
sonorous	It is a sonorous speech, pleasant to the ear.
soothe	He used his power to soothe her sleep.
sonship	He considered the incarnation of Christ as the necessary manifestation to man of an eternal sonship in the divine nature, apart from which those filial qualities which God demands from man could have no sanction; by faith as used in Scripture he understood to be meant a certain moral or spiritual activity or energy which virtually implied salvation, because it implied the existence of a principle of spiritual life possessed of an immortal power.
soothing	The soothing sounds of the ocean greeted him.
sooth	To speak sooth, now that he had love in earnest to make, his heart almost failed him.
soothingly	When your baby cries, if you go in, rub her back and talk soothingly.
soothsayer	A soothsayer was a general practitioner in his art, not attached to any one god or temple.
soot	She leaned down; peering through the soot smudged glass on the stove door.
sophist	Carneades, practically a 5th-century sophist, is the most important of the ancient sceptics.
soothsaying	Having been beaten in a trial of soothsaying, Calchas died of chagrin or committed suicide.
sop	Don't be fooled by the title ' McDonald's goes ' vegan ' - they are just throwing a sop at protesters.
sooty	In October I removed all the spark plugs and cleaned them up, they were pretty sooty.
sophisticated	Little did I know that I simply wasn't sophisticated enough for you.
sophistication	I don't think Alex is too impressed with sophistication.
sophisticate	You can turn into a feminine sophisticate in a matter of minutes.
sophistic	The Sophistic epoch of Greek philosophy was, in great part, such a negative reaction against the self-confident assertion of the nature-philosophies of the preceding age.
sophomore	Suzie was a sophomore the year I graduated.
sophistry	When at a loss for good reasons, he had recourse to sophistry; and when heated by altercation, he made unsparing use of sarcasm and invective.
sophora	The mamane (Sophora chrysophylla), which furnishes the best posts, grows principally on the high slopes of Mauna Kea and Hualalai.
sophy	He married again in 1892 Edith Sophy, daughter of Archibald Balfour, who, with a son and daughter, survived him.
sophistical	The philosophies which are redargued are divided into three classes, the sophistical, of which the best example is Aristotle, who, according to Bacon, forces nature into his abstract schemata and thinks to explain by definitions; the empirical, which from few and limited experiments leaps at once to general conclusions; and the superstitious, which corrupts philosophy by the introduction of poetical and theological notions.
sopping	He hung up the sopping towels and wet clothing in the bathroom.
soporific	Moliere's medical student accounts for it by a soporific principle contained in the opium.
sora	It takes some practice when you're not being timed, but Sora should just barely land on the edge of the ground of the wall if you can swing it just right.
soprano	Trombones often played with the three lower voices, a practice of high antiquity surviving from a time when there were soprano trombones or cornetti (Zincken, a sort of treble serpent) to play with the sopranos.
soppy	It is soppy, silly and sugar-coated entertainment with some nicely funny moments with sultry young Sara Paxton impressive as mermaid aquamarine.
sooner	It had to be done sooner or later.
sorb	The Servian chroniclers connect its origin with their own nationality, basing this view upon the identification of Sarab with Sorb or Serbia.
sorbet	Jacobs also added a Splash Sorbet collection to the repertoire, which included Pear, Basil and Grapefruit.
sorbent	By extracting the partially combusted coal, thermally activated sorbent is produced.
sordid	For the first time in their history, they stood a real chance of turning a sordid love story into a pure one.
sorbitol	Each 5 ml of product contains 0.7 g of sorbitol and 2.8 g sucrose.
sore	She rubbed a sore spot in her lower back.
sorcerer	The old sorcerer bursts out of the new believer.
sorely	No change was made in official methods, and the condition of affairs drifted from bad to worse, until the temper of the people, so long and so sorely tried, showed plainly that the situation had become insufferable.
sorceress	Some authorities regard Medea as a lunar divinity, but the ancient conception of her as a Thessalian sorceress is probably correct.
sorcery	He was charged with cruelty, even with sorcery and murder.
sorghum	Sorghum, an important tropical cereal known as black millet or durra.
sorel	In 1881 Leroy-Beaulieu was elected professor of contemporary history and eastern affairs at the Ecole Libre des Sciences Politiques, becoming director of this institution on the death of Albert Sorel in 1906, and in 1887 he became a member of the Academic des Sciences Morales et Politiques.
soreness	Almost immediately afterwards Jacqueline fulfilled her purpose of joining Port Royal - a proceeding which led to some soreness, finally healed, between herself and her brother and sister as to the disposal of her property.
sorority	She was like a sorority girl ready to dish with her friends.
sorites	Resolution of the sorites into its constituent elements gives the rules (a) that no premise except the first may be particular and (/3) that no premise except the last may be negative.
sorrow	His fury, pain, and sorrow choked her.
sorn	Sorn's Der Sprachgebrauch des Historikers Eutropius (1892) contains a systematic account of the grammar and style of the author.
sorrowful	Our hearts are with you on this sad and sorrowful day.
sori	The sori are borne on the under surface of the pinnae, usually in a single row on either side of the midrib, but in Kaulfussia dotted over the expanded lamina.
sorry	I am very sorry for them.
sorrel	It was a sorrel gelding named Red.
sorption	Additionally, moisture sorption can lead to particle agglomeration and powder caking.
sorter	Owing to the comnaratively small amount of letters, it is found possible to have a travelling post office on all principal trains (while almost every train has a travelling sorter, for whom a compartment is reserved) without a late fee being exacted in either case.
sorrowfully	The old king had sorrowfully confessed that God had not given him a son capable of governing his vast dominions, and had foreseen that Philip III.
sos	An SOS social center provides child-care for local working families as well as a youth club for older children.
sorrowing	The poor man could do nothing but dress himself and go sorrowing on his way.
sortition	At what date was election by lot, or sortition, introduced for the archonship?
sorting	Dustin began sorting through them.
sortie	While leading a sortie Cleland was shot dead, and was buried in the churchyard.
sorus	The sorus is frequently protected by an outgrowth from the surface or margin of the leaf called the indusium.
sot	Just tuck the appliance away in the storage sot of your choice when it's not in use and place it on the surface where you want to cook the next time you're ready to prepare a deep fried meal.
sort	I wouldn't worry too much about that sort of thing.
soubriquet	His services on the outpost line of the army earned for him the soubriquet of Light Horse Harry.
sought	She eagerly slid into his embrace and welcomed the warm lips that sought hers.
sou	The little rascal had gone to break the coin, in order to give only one sou to his mother.
soul	Love is at the soul of everything.
sothic	It is, however, during the Middle Minoan age, the centre point of which corresponds with the XIIth Egyptian dynasty, according to the Sothic system of dating, c. 2000-1850 B.C., that a systematized pictographic or hieroglyphic script makes its appearance which is common both to signets and clay tablets.
souffle	They go back to the kitchen and make souffle.
soulless	The soulless, ancient intelligence there was as fathomless as the night sky.
soulful	Her soulful gaze and gentle words gave him the creeps.
sounder	The unit also has an integral audible sounder which gives off a rapid tone to alert staff to the call.
souk	After lunch you will have a guided tour of Fes el Bali (Old Fes) including the souk.
soundness	The second relation, as we have seen, is not a strict consequence of theory, and experiments to examine it must be treated as an investigation of the limits within which solutions are dilute within the thermodynamic sense of the word, rather than as a test of the soundness of the theory.
soundless	In so-called High German, many once strongly emphasized syllables have been weakened, flattened, making them almost soundless.
source	So far, she seemed to be his best source of information, anyway.
soupy	This is the conventional cry of virgins in rather soupy love stories which stop short on the edge of being sexually explicit.
soundly	He considered fighting the hunger, not wanting to disturb Elisabeth who slept soundly with her head on his chest.
sounding	He pointed as he walked, indicating the dining room, the library, the reception room, and others, each sounding stuffier than the last and all marked by polished oak double doors.
sourly	She stared sourly at Carmen a moment.
sourness	He bore popular abuse and misrepresentation without the slightest murmur or sourness of temper.
sound	They heard the sound of voices behind them.
sourdough	There's chili and homemade sourdough bread bowls.
soused	Similarly in Egypt at the present day the jinn are believed to swarm so thickly that it is necessary to ask their permission before pouring water on the ground, lest one should accidentally be soused and vent his anger on the offending human being.
sour	He gave her a sour look.
souter	Since Mr Souter returned to the helm, shares in the once ailing company have leaped from 10p in July 2002 to 77p.
southeastwards	In the east of the LCA there is a small extent of Late Midlandian till associated with ice that moved southeastwards across the region.
southeastward	The ancient market town of Hartlepool lies on a peninsula which forms the termination of a southeastward sweep of the coast and embraces the bay.
southerner	He took an active part in the organizing of the Free Soil party, in revolt at the Whigs' nomination of a slave-holding southerner for the presidency; and in 18 4 8 was defeated as a candidate for the national House of Representatives.
soup	We had soup for dinner and the potatoes are grand!
southland	Southland was a separate province between 1860 and 1870, but, failing financially as such, rejoined the parent province of Otago.
south	The return address on the envelope was Columbia, South America, but it wasn't addressed to anyone.
souvenir	It's my souvenir from Ohio.
southerly	North-east of Abai are several smaller lakes unconnected with the more southerly system.
southernmost	The helo left them at Texarkana, the southernmost point on their map, before missile fire from the other side of the river erupted.
southern	A soft southern voice drawled behind her.
soviet	When the Soviet Union dissolved only two years later, not with a bang but with a whimper, we were slack-jawed with surprise.
sow	It is well to sow at least two bushels to the acre.
southward	While Europe and probably North America were occupied by a warm temperate flora, tropical types had been driven southward, while the adaptation of others to arctic conditions had become accentuated.
sower	He gives them a parable from nature - the sower's three kinds of failure, compensated by the rich produce of the good soil.
sowing	The sowing and planting season is from June to August, and the reaping season from December to February.
sozzled	He knows he ca n't handle his drink, but still gets sozzled.
sovereignty	He trained her to look on her future sovereignty as an engagement to make religion respected.
spa	You want me to go to the spa with you?
soya	There's not a splash of soya milk in sight.
southwards	The city stands on a rocky plateau, which projects southwards from the main line of hills.
spacecraft	They left the row house for the park across the street, where a small spacecraft awaited them.
sox	Best the Red Sox ever had.
spacebar	Resume the game by pressing the SPACEBAR.
sown	These are taken off and sown in drills, like seed.
sp	The endodermal spadix (sp) of the sporosac represents the endoderm of the manubrium; the ectodermal lining of the sporosac (ex.) represents the ex-umbral ectoderm of the medusa; and the intervening layers, together with the sub-umbral cavity, have disappeared.
spaceman	What has a spaceman got to do with church?
spacer	Starter kit includes special tungsten carbide tipped router cutter, template and three spacer rings.
spacious	This is a lovely home, so spacious and nicely decorated.
spaceport	The focal point of the proposed Spaceport Singapore will be suborbital spaceflights.
soy	Multicolored fields of grain and soy beans lay like a patchwork quilt for miles.
spacial	Your sense of rhythm, beauty, time and spacial relationships give you some high caliber finesse.
spaceship	And it was uglier than she imagined a spaceship to be.
sovereign	Yet Greece was the sovereign power in all the world of ancient culture.
space	I didn't see a space ship!
spade	A hoe or a spade is almost unknown.
spaciously	The streets in the older part of the town are for the most part crooked and narrow, but the newer portions are spaciously and regularly built.
spaciousness	It is remarkable, in view of the spaciousness of the coelom, that the funnels of the latter have not been seen.
spadix	G, With spadix prolonged e.1, Endoderm-lamella.
spacing	The explanation of the difference of focus upon the two sides as due to unequal spacing was verified by Cornu upon gratings purposely constructed with an increasing interval.
spake	He spake sound words, which could not reproved.
spalling	The effect of possible spalling of concrete should be considered.
spandrel	Belfry window blocked off but similar to that on north with sunken spandrel panels, tho more worn.
spallation	This includes various neutron techniques, principally at the UK neutron spallation source Isis and the European reactor source at the Institut Laue-Langevin.
spam	The spam is becoming more insidious.
spangle	Perhaps continually pairing Spangles to related Normals bred from Spangles somehow weakens the Spangle gene(s) that produce the visual Spangle.
spaniard	As a thorough Spaniard who did not even understand the language of his Netherland subjects Philip was from the first distrusted and his acts regarded with suspicion.
spangles	It can result in stresses in the amber known as sun spangles.
spaghetti	Let's fix spaghetti for supper.
spaniel	There were pets, though - cats and a little Cocker Spaniel that died two weeks after Mom died.
spanner	A large adjustable spanner is required for the entrance lid.
spank	Would you spank me?
spanker	These exceptions are the Byerly Turk, who was Captain Byerly's charger in Ireland in King William's wars (1689, &c.), and a horse called Counsellor, bred by Mr Egerton in 1694, by Lord D'Arcy's Counsellor by Lord Lonsdale's Counsellor by the Shaftesbury Turk out of sister to Spanker - all the dams in Counsellor's pedigree tracing back to Eastern mares.
span	To the three of them, the drastic changes that occurred over such a short time span after thousands of years of no change were a warning sign.
spanking	The spanking worked on you, didn't it?
spar	Ornaments are manufactured by the inhabitants from alabaster and spar; and excellent lime is burned at the quarries near Poole's Hole.
sparingly	It forms small needles, very sparingly soluble in water.
sparking	In order to avoid this sparking, every local instrument in the British Postal Telegraph Department has a spark coil connected across the terminals of the electromagnet.
sparing	Will you consider sparing the rest of the Immortals, master?
sparkler	A simple sparkler reaches a temperature of up to 2000 degrees centigrade.
spanish	Would it be read in Spanish or English?
spare	This list goes on, but I will spare you.
spark	It was like watching a spark grow into a flame.
sparky	Glens ewe went on to repeat Sparky success in the interbreed, and took the days reserve Interbreed title.
sparks	There were sparks between them from the start.
sparkle	The sparkle faded from his eyes, leaving them soft sweet chocolate pools.
sparrow	The Sparrow Hills were visible in the distance, with the village, the church, and the large white house.
sparse	The population of this region, however, is sparse, and its growth is slow.
spasm	These diseases cause tremor, spasm, and wasting of muscle.
spasmodic	In the spasmodic form the symptoms were of a nervous character.
sparsely	It is the most sparsely populated province of Austria.
sparkling	Her face was flushed, her eyes sparkling from the exertion.
spasmodically	Even the July revolution of 1830 in Paris reacted but partially and spasmodically on Germany.
spastic	Brief application (about 10 minutes) of cold packs to spastic muscles may help ease pain and improve function for a short period of time.
spatial	The world is getting smaller There is the spatial dimension.
spate	In later years, the Tundra would once again achieve an average reliability rating, but the spate of recalls may continue to affect consumer confidence for some time.
spathe	The plants have long narrow leaves springing from the bulb and a central scape bearing one or more generally large, white or yellow, drooping or inclined flowers, which are enveloped before opening in a membranous spathe.
spat	The Watcher all but spat the words.
spathic	It also enters (as carbonates) into the composition of many minerals, such as chalk, dolomite, calcite, witherite, calamine and spathic iron ore.
spatula	She chopped at the hamburger meat in the skillet with a spatula.
spatially	As already pointed out, nature and super-nature were taken as physically and spatially distinct.
spatter	We see a bloody wound appear in her chest and blood spatter up the bookshelves behind her.
spatulate	In the lower jaw the three incisors are long, spatulate and horizontal, with the outer one the smallest.
spawn	The spawn of the angler is very remarkable.
speak	I started to speak but she shushed me.
speaker	There was great applause when the speaker sat down.
spawning	The spawning tubercles play an important role in the courtship of the goldfish.
spay	If you are not a professional breeder and/or you do not wish to deliver and care for a litter of kittens, spay and neuter your cats.
spear	The turban and the spear became the banner of the Spanish Omayyads.
spec	Hard drives are bigger, CD writers are faster, graphics cards can turn a lower spec machine into a video editing suite.
spearhead	Antony will help spearhead the bank's expansion into the Public Sector market.
special	It's nice to have that special respect.
spearmint	The only type of mint you should use to make Juleps is fresh spearmint.
speakership	Mills, Carlisle defeating him for the speakership in 1883.
specialize	The food is gourmet and they specialize in steak and seafood.
specialism	Any specialism within these disciplines will be considered; a professional qualification in clinical audiology would be an advantage.
specialization	In the latter a further specialization is shown in the fusion of the body segments.
speciality	Gardening is a speciality.
speciation	Each vertex of the tree, except the leaves, might represent a speciation event.
speaking	Speaking of your mother, we'd better go in so she doesn't worry.
specie	P. Jones of Nevada advocating a speedy return to specie payments.
specifically	Still, there was no place she specifically wanted to see.
specifiable	Weatherson (2003) has replied that de re attitudes do not require to be about exactly one particular (precisely specifiable) object.
specificity	The specificity of each movement helps you avoid injury and allows you to train specified areas.
specific	It's easy to identify specific crimes and follow them up.
specialized	The classification into epithelial organs, connective tissues, and the more specialized muscle and nerve, was largely due to him; and he proved the presence of neuroglia in the brain and spinal cord, discovered crystalline haematoidine, and made out the structure of the umbilical cord.
specialty	It's my specialty, Darian replied.
specification	Rankine, was therefore much vivified by Lord Kelvin's specification (Comptes Rendus, 1889) of a material gyrostatically constituted medium which would possess this character.
specially	Some of these may be specially mentioned.
specified	The induction may therefore be specified as B lines per square centimetre.
specious	This argument is rather specious than sound.
specify	The returns from the chartered banks do not specify the deposits in these special accounts.
specialist	Lana turned and smiled as the security specialist drove towards her in a cart.
spectacle	You're making a spectacle of yourself.
species	Most of the known rhino species are West African.
spectacles	He felt the tears trickle under his spectacles and hoped they would not be noticed.
speckle	Blood had dripped down his face to speckle his shirt.
spectacled	C. sclerops, the spectacled alligator, has the widest distribution, from southern Mexico to the northern half of Argentina, and grows to a bulky size.
speckled	The valley was speckled with healthy Angus cattle.
specs	They were a soft, sable brown with specs of black that seemed to swirl in motion around her pupils like two tiny solar systems.
speck	Never gives me a speck of concern.
spectral	Can it really be possible that a spectral, supernatural hound lurks on the barren moor?
spectate	A single touch screen allows one of the visitors to control the page turners while the other visitors spectate.
spectacularly	Color themed trees require little work and turn out spectacularly.
spectre	It is mentioned Sir Walter Scott in The Lay of the Last Minstrel  For he was speechless, ghastly, wan Like him of whom the story ran Who spoke the spectre hound in Man.
spectrogram	In effect, a spectrogram is built up from a multitude of power spectra of short, overlapping time segments of the signal.
spectra	There is clearly no theoretical limit to the resolving power of gratings, even in spectra of given order.
specimen	It was the basis of the earliest specimen of Provençal literature.
spectrograph	This is why astronomers are developping multi-field spectroscopy where integral field units replace the lenses or slits in a multi-object spectrograph.
spectacular	It really is as spectacular as he described.
spectroheliograph	The Five-foot Spectroheliograph of the Mount Wilson Solar Observatory (camera lens, camera slit and plate carrier in section).
spectator	He was a spectator rather than an actor on the stage of the world.
spectrometer	The spectrometer more commonly used for astronomical work is the grating spectrometer more commonly used for astronomical work is the grating spectrometer.
spectrophotometer	The color of over 70 gold alloys was measured using a spectrophotometer, a special camera that measures the color of reflected light.
spectroscopic	C. Janssen, a spectroscopic method for observing the solar prominences in daylight, and the names of both astronomers appear on a medal which was struck by the French government in 1872 to commemorate the discovery.
spectrometry	Mass spectrometry was applied to patient samples.
speculation	This sort of speculation is going to intensify.
speculative	But speculative knowledge breaks down or breaks off at an earlier point.
specular	You cannot get specular highlights on a totally black object.
specter	Andre's specter appeared to her right, keeping pace silently with her.
speech	I guess the speech went pretty well.
speculate	If you want me to speculate, I'd say it ran far deeper than that.
spectroscopy	Infrared matrix isolation spectroscopy will be used to investigate reaction intermediates.
specula	He refers to Maurolycus' work with concave specula.
spectroscope	Closely related to the flame-colorations, we have to notice the great services rendered by the spectroscope to the detection of elements.
speed	He drove the speed limit - no more, no less.
speculator	Lewis has worked in the Los Angeles area as a real estate speculator for ten years.
sped	The newlyweds climbed into the car, and sped off.
speculum	Glass is lighter, stiffer, less costly and easier to work than speculum metal.
speechless	Gabriel was speechless for a long moment.
speeder	Whereas Maul was barely on the planet for a day, and spent most of his time inside his probably air conditioned Infiltrator, only emerging to send and receive his probe droids upon which he sped off on a speeder bike to the Jedi.
speedometer	A quick look revealed the speedometer was nearing the ninety mark - or did it merely look like it from her seat?
speedy	In any case, from this time events followed one another to a speedy conclusion.
spectrum	Our eyes are capable of seeing only a narrow spectrum of light.
speedster	The visiting speedster refused to budge tho, leaving the Robins to settle for a 4-2.
speeding	Did you want me to fix your speeding ticket?
speer	I found the quote in a very unlikely source Ã¢ the prison memoirs of Albert Speer, HitlerÃ¢s Minister of Armaments.
speedwell	Look out for cowslips, violets and the bright blue speedwell.
spell	I think you put a spell on me, sweetheart.
speedway	Fans of Weymouth Speedway are being urged to back the club's planning application to continue racing at the Wessex Stadium.
speedo	Speedo is the Official Supplier to British swimming and the ASA and provides valuable investment for swimming from grassroots through to elite level.
spelling	The spelling also is interesting.
speller	I have always been an excellent speller but this teacher gave me a hard time about writing my test with my left hand.
speedily	Though he had no friends and no influence, he speedily found an opening.
spellbinding	But Steve is a compelling presence and a spellbinding orator.
spend	I spend my life protecting you.
spellbound	We remained spellbound, not even bothering to check our notes as his accuracy became apparent.
spencerian	This estimate of Spencerian philosophy may be substantiated by a brief survey of its origin and leading characteristics.
spendthrift	During his absence she married the profligate spendthrift, P. Cornelius Dolabella.
spelt	Wheat, barley and spelt were the leading crops.
spelter	The spelter used must therefore be of a good grade, and the lead is usually first refined in a reverberatory furnace (the softening furnace).
spelunking	If you are interested in activities that you could do in the dark, like spelunking (cave exploring), animal tracking, exploring, surveillance and more, then Bushnell night vision goggles may be exactly what you need.
spermatheca	In Heliodrilus the blind extremity of the spermatheca is enclosed in a coelomic sac which is in connexion with the sacs envolving the ovaries and oviducts.
spender	Dean, the big spender, reached for one ticket, but a look from his wife changed his purchase to seven.
spermaceti	Tallow candles as a substitute for whale-oil had been introduced, and the British market was closed by a duty of £r8 a ton on oil; a bounty offered by the Massachusetts legislature (£5 on white and £ 3 on yellow or brown spermaceti, and £2 on whale-oil per ton) was of slight assistance.
spermatic	From this point there passes forward to the right side of the head a groove - the spermatic groove - down which the spermatic fluid passes.
spermatogenesis	Methotrexate affects spermatogenesis and oogenesis during the period of its administration which may result in decreased fertility.
spermatium	In the Florideae, Lichens and Laboulbenjaceae the, male cell is a non-motile spermatium, which is carried to the female organ.
spent	I spent enough time out here a few years ago.
spermatophore	It seems probable that in such cases the spermatozoa make their way from the adherent spermatophore through the body-wall into the body, and so by traversing the tissues reach the ovary.
sperm	I would insist the father be nothing but a sperm donor.
spencer	Yet it was Spencer who broke the silence first.
spermatozoid	Even in the multinucleate oosphere of Albugo bliti the nuclei fuse in pairs; and in the oospheres of Sp/zaero plea, which may contain more than one nucleus, the egg nucleus is formed by the fusion of one only of these with the spermatozoid nucleus (Klebahn).
spermatozoa	The spermatozoa differ from those of other animals in having the form of cells which sometimes perform amoeboid movements.
spermicide	Spermicide must be placed in the vagina shortly before intercourse.
spermicidal	They would be advised to use barrier methods (Eg condoms with spermicidal creams) instead.
spewing	That means there is little chance of the mountain spewing lava.
spew	Second, a Fire Flower gives Mario the ability to spew fireballs.
sphagnum	In other cases they are planted in open baskets of wood or wire, using the porous peat and sphagnum compost.
sphalerite	The principal ores are galena, sphalerite or zinc blende and smithsonite or zinc carbonate, which is locally called dry bone and which was the first zinc ore mined in the state.
sphene	Some of the porphyroids which have grains of quartz and felspar in a finely schistose micaceous matrix are intermediate between porphyries and micaschists of this group. Still more numerous are orthoschists of hornblendic character (hornblende-schists) consisting of green hornblende with often felspar, quartz and sphene (also rutile, garnet, epidote or zoisite, biotite and iron oxides).
sphenoid	Inverting papillomas arising from the sphenoid sinus are exceedingly rare.
sphericity	The doctrine of the sphericity of the earth was still held by the more learned, but the heads of the church held it to be unscriptural.
spheroid	Legendre was also the author of a memoir upon triangles drawn upon a spheroid.
spheroidal	On the degeneration of the polypide, its nutritive material is apparently absorbed for the benefit of the zooid, while the pig mented substances assume a spheroidal form, which either remains as an inert brown body in the body-cavity or is discharged to the exterior by the alimentary canal of the new polypide.
sphincter	Besides the sphincter pupillae, the fibres of the ciliary muscle are stimulated.
spherical	The problem then resolves itself in the solution of a spherical triangle.
sphere	His sphere of action, however, was not in parliament.
sphinx	Then the sphinx threw herself down from the mountain.
sphygmomanometer	Blood pressure is measured with an instrument called a sphygmomanometer.
spica	All that is certainly known about the antiquity of the sieu is that they were well established in the 3rd century B.C. Their initial point at the autumnal equinox marked by Kio (Spica Virginis) suits a still later date; and there is no valid evidence that the modern series resulted from the rectification of an older superannuated arrangement, analogous to the Krittika sequence of nakshatras.
spiciness	Mostly Grenache blended with Syrah and Mourvèdre, this Les Buissons is a dark ruby red with a showy nose of black fruit, spiciness, oaky vanilla, and enlivening earthy notes.
spicy	They have a spicy flavor I find refreshing.
spiced	The quarters smelled of jasmine, Rissa, and spiced ale.
spiel	This is meaningless rhetoric, marketing spiel for selling ribbons, t-shirts and rubber wristbands.
spidery	Neat layout, but much of the finer text looks spidery against the background.
spiegeleisen	If, on the other hand, the carbon-content is to be raised, then carbon and manganese are usually added together in the form of a manganiferous molten pig iron, called spiegeleisen, i.e.
spike	Narrower at the top and surmounted by a spike it distinguishes the Assyrian kings.
spider	Giddon exclaimed sharply and clawed a spider web from his face.
spigot	Just because it comes out of a spigot doesn't mean it's been treated.
spiffy	Residual benefits to have their own auto insurance rate comparison whose spiffy site.
spiking	I present a simple model of a spatially extended spiking neuron which can be studied analytically.
spill	He was afraid she would spill the beans.
spiked	Alex thinks someone spiked his punch.
spikelet	They are called huitzilin (spikelet) by the 'Aztecs, and colibri, chupaflor and chupa-miel (floweror honey-sucker), and pajaromosca (fly-bird) by the Spanish-speaking Mexicans.
spice	She sipped her drink, surprised to find it really was her favorite, a pumpkin spice latte.
spiky	Alice's hairstyle is chin length and spiky.
spillage	Do not smoke in cases of chemical or gasoline spillage.
spilt	Critical reactions were decidedly spilt after the release.
spilling	She sobbed, absorbing the black visions spilling through his mind.
spin	Everything around her started to spin and then went black.
spillover	This has a positive spillover because it improves the outcome of the monetary policy game.
spikes	He clamped the metal spikes to his feet.
spillway	Pass through a metal kissing gate and over the concrete spillway into the wood and Pinchmill Islands.
spindly	Asparagus spears remain spindly and thin until the third year.
spindrift	Prior to our arrival, strong winds, driving spindrift and unexpectedly low temperatures had made life at Patriot Hills very difficult.
spina	It is represented either by a spina interna or by a spina externa, or by both, or they join to form a spina communis which is often very large and sometimes ends in a bifurcation.
spinach	Thin the winter spinach, when large enough, that it may have space to grow.
spindle	These are spindle shaped and have long processes.
spineless	And what have the spineless cowards at the FA done?
spined	Gobies, blennies, butterfish and 3 spined sticklebacks are common in the rockpools.
spinel	Chrysoberyls have been found in New South Wales; spinel rubies in New South Wales and Victoria; and white topaz in all the states.
spinet	Certain ancient stringed instruments were played with a plectrum or plucker made of the quill of a bird's feather, and the word has thus been used of a plectrum made of other material and differing in shape, and also of an analogous object for striking the strings in the harpsichord, spinet or virginal.
spinner	The spinner who persists in over-weighting his yarn finds it difficult to obtain repeat orders.
spinnaker	The spinnaker was immediately dropped, the staysail furled and the starboard daggerboard lowered.
spinney	The path follows the lower edge of the field and soon passes in front of a small spinney.
spinous	Other xcrophytes again are spinous.
spinozistic	The more Spinozistic side of Leibnitz's thought - God as Monad of Monads - is a theistic postulate if hardly a theistic proof.
spinozism	Wolff's list is of some historical importance - atheism, deism (a God without care for men) and naturalism (denial of supernatural revelation); anthropomorphism (assigning a human body to God); materialism, and idealism (non-existence of matter); paganism (polytheism); Manichaeism, Spinozism, Epicureanism.
spinal	The activity of the spinal cord is similarly depressed.
spinster	The old spinster is in a bad mood today.
spinning	There is a cotton spinning mill.
spine	A cold chill crept up her spine, raising the hair on the back of her neck.
spiny	It is the northernmost home of the armadillo, ocelot, jaguar, red and grey cats, and the spiny pocket mouse, and in southern Texas especially it is visited by several species of tropical birds.
spiraea	The foliage resembles that of Spiraea opulifolia.
spirit	Such is the present spirit of my nation.
spirant	This change is called the spirant mutation.
spire	The church of St Michael has a Norman square embattled tower surmounted by a spire, and an apsidal chancel.
spirally	The motor is usually supported on a platform at the back of the instrument, its drivingwheel being connected to the shaft of the paper roller by means of a spirally wound steel band.
spirillum	In spirillary rat-bite fever, diagnosis can be made by examining blood or a sample of tissue from the wound for evidence of Spirillum minus.
spiral	She tucked the pencil in the spiral part of her tablet.
spiritless	The author's theism is cold, spiritless, without influence on life.
spirited	Your father told me you were a spirited girl.
spiritualization	Thus it appears that the gift theory may after all be primitive; the worship of, or care for, the dead may have supplied in other areas the motive for the transition from offering to sacrifice or the evolution may have been due to the spiritualization of the gods.
spiritualist	Rarely losing touch of earth, and sometimes of the earth earthy, she is still at heart a spiritualist.
spiritualistic	In truth, Schopenhauer's conception of the world as the activity of a blind force is at bottom a materialistic and mechanical rather than a spiritualistic and teleological theory.
spiritually	God must be worshipped spiritually by prayer and the will to be good, not in outward action.
spiritualism	Besides the general arguments for supposing that the physical phenomena of spiritualism may be due to conjuring, there are two special reasons which gain in force as time goes on.
spirituous	Among the first monopolies which were granted in 1882 was one for the manufacture of spirituous liquor.
spirituality	Those who knew Maurice best were deeply impressed with the spirituality of his character.
spirochaete	The latter organism, in certain phases, very closely resembles a Spirochaete.
spiritual	Mercury is a fluid, volatile, spiritual essence.
spirogyra	In the formation of sporangia two cells fuse together by means of outgrowths, in a manner very similar to that of Spirogyra; sometimes, however, the wall between two cells merely breaks down.
spirometer	For example, teachers used the spirometer (a big machine that you breathe into) to explain aspects of lung function.
spirometry	With the exception of arterial blood gas, pulse oximetry, and total lung capacity, pulmonary function tests are performed using spirometry (from the Greco-Latin term meaning to measure breathing).
spite	In spite of her decision not to, she glanced out the window.
spiteful	When he opened the ballroom door Pierre saw Natasha sitting at the window, with a thin, pale, and spiteful face.
spit	She spit it out and wiped her mouth.
spitfire	You're a little spitfire, you know that?
spittle	Her first professional engagement was a brief stint at The National Theater wiping the spittle from Leo McKern 's mouth.
spitz	The smaller variety, sometimes known as the Spitz, was formerly in some repute as a fancy dog, a white variety with a black tip to the nose and a pure black variety being specially prized.
spitefully	Rivalries are bitter, and many of the girls spitefully taunt each other, whilst others yearn to escape.
splash	I could commonly hear the splash of the water when he came up, and so also detected him.
splanchnic	These nerves are derived from the coeliac plexus and the thoracic splanchnic nerves.
splashing	She sloshed through the slushy snow, splashing icy water on the legs of her jeans.
splashy	For whatever reason, I really miss the little splashy cymbal bits live.
splay	They are relatively large dogs, with broad splay feet, and silky oily coats.
splashback	Hoods & Splashbacks Our hoods have smooth quiet fans, integral down lighters, come with a choice of trim and matching splashback.
spleenwort	There is a rich fern and bryophyte community including black spleenwort.
splatter	Take a freehand approach and splatter paint the pot with every color of the rainbow.
splat	Unfortunately no record has been kept of who the characters were, or who went splat!
splendidly	The interior is splendidly decorated.
splenetic	His splenetic temper and her volatility culminated in an open rupture in May 1814.
spleen	Post mortem it is found in great abundance in the spleen and liver.
splenectomy	Such factors might include the age at which a patient first develops symptoms and whether the patient had a splenectomy.
splendor	There 's the fairytale splendor of a Victorian Palace.
splendour	Of the splendour of this details are given.
splenic	The splenic type is somewhat smaller than Wright's parasite; the former, when pear-shaped, is from 31 to 4 p..
splendid	Molly thought this was a splendid story.
splice	He couldn't splice genes.
splicing	The gap between the two ends has now to be closed by splicing on new cable and paying out until the buoyed end is reached, which is then hove up and brought on board.
splintering	The government is splintering, Lana, he continued.
split	Remember now, split it fairly.
spline	Still longer needs the cubic spline, yet, for a really smoothed out shape, this is the only way to go.
splint	When an arm, hand, leg, or foot requires immobilization, the cast, splint, or brace will generally extend from the joint above the injury to the joint below the injury.
splintery	Twenty or thirty of us would gather in the square, dingy room with splintery floor.
splinter	Government will splinter once the attacks occur.
splitter	This is achieved using a specially designed splitter box to feed each dipole antenna with the correct RF signal phase.
splodge	The design does n't let these latch, so a splodge of glue was squeezed on, and it had n't done the trick.
splotchy	When your baby was first born, you may have noticed that his skin was red and splotchy.
spoil	Oh, you only spoil things for me.
splitting	I'm tired and I have a splitting head ache.
splurge	I will not be trying to recap the last few months in a big splurge.
spodumene	Deposits of copper, tin, iron and tungsten have been discovered, and a variety of other mineral products (graphite, mica, spodumene, coal, petroleum, &c.).
spode	The shape was produced in Spode's white bone china.
spoilage	Food banks will also trade supplies with other pantries to share any surplus and to prevent spoilage.
spoken	We hadn't spoken in several weeks.
spoilt	The interior was spoilt in the 17th century.
spoiler	Remember a spoiler is just a tease of what could be.
spokeswoman	However, we expect that they will all move within a broad range of -2% to +5 %, added a spokeswoman.
spoliation	Even now the work of spoliation was not complete.
spokesperson	Tea totaling Martha assumed the role of spokesperson.
spoils	The auction continued in full swing, the outdoor area crowded with bargain seekers, their acquired spoils piled high about them.
spondee	On the other hand, the Alexandrians admitted a spondee in the fifth foot, especially when the verse ends with a quadrisyllable.
spokesman	The spokesman held out his hand for the fifty.
sponge	The fishing and sponge industries are important.
spondylitis	Successful treatment of active ankylosing spondylitis with the anti-tumor necrosis factor alpha monoclonal antibody infliximab.
spoke	He opened the door and spoke quietly to someone.
spongiform	The death of a domestic Siamese cat from a spongiform encephalopathy (SE) in Bristol was reported to Ministers in May 1990.
sponsor	You want me to find her a sponsor and bring her in?
sponsorship	At the start of each season, football clubs reveal their shirt sponsorship deals.
spongy	Has light grey or brown close thick wool half an inch deep without any top hair, with a rather thick spongy pelt.
sponging	Sponging the body with very dilute solutions of sulphuric acid is useful to diminish the night-sweats of phthisis.
spontaneous	Sometimes spontaneous events worked out better than well-planned ones.
spontaneously	The soldiers, swinging their arms and keeping time spontaneously, marched with long steps.
spoof	In the case of ' UHF ', you get treated to a spoof movie of his.
spool	I hide something, a ball or a spool, and we hunt for it.
spooky	It's too late for spooky games tonight.
spontaneity	There was no spontaneity – or surprises – to her.
spoons	They took their time over the ice cream, making soup of the last few spoons full, but Dean learned nothing further.
spooling	On a PC, creating a unique spool directory improves printing performance by eliminating spooling conflicts within Windows.
sporadic	His nobles, whom he tried to cow by sporadic acts of violence, rebelled against him.
spoonful	Carmen took a plate from the cabinet and put a spoonful of eggs in it.
sporadically	It would have been reasonable to expect to find them sporadically all over Australia.
spoon	He dumped a spoon full of green beans in his plate.
sporangial	The sporangial wall, consisting of several layers of cells, encloses a cavity containing numerous oval spores (pollen-grains).
sporangium	After absorbing the cell-contents of the latter, which it does in a few hours or days, the fungus puts out a sporangium, the contents of which break up into numerous minute swarm-spores, usually one-ciliate, rarely two-ciliate.
spore	In the vascular cryptogams and phanerogams it takes place in the spore mother cells and the reduced number is found in all the cells of the gametophyte, the full number in those of the sporophyte.
sporophyll	Metamorphosis.It has already been pointed out that each kind of member of the body may present a variety of forms. For example, a stem may be a tree-trunk, or a twining stem, or a tendril, or a thorn, or a creeping rhizome, or a tuber; a leaf may be a green foliage-leaf, or a scale protecting a bud, or a tendril, or a pitcher, or a floral leaf, either sepal, petal, stamen or carpel (sporophyll); a root may be a fibrous root, or a swollen tap-root like that of the beet or the turnip. All these various forms are organs discharging some special function, and are examples of what Wolff called modification, and Goethe metamorphosis.
sporting	The Sporting Life are running a free to enter comp.
sporangia	In Peronospora, Saprolegnia, &c., the ends of the branches swell up into sporangia, which develop zoospores in their interior (zoosporangia), or their contents become oospheres, which may be fertilized by the contents of other branches (antheridia) and so form egg-cases (oogonia).
sporran	A large pocket (jeb) is often sewn on in front like the Highlander's sporran.
sportsmanship	Healthy competition teaches kids about good sportsmanship, how to set, prepare and accomplish a goal and how to accept both winning and defeat.
sportive	Many of the wilder myths are the expressions of the sportive and humorous faculties.
sporophyte	The sporophyte is always highly organized both as regards form and structure.
sportsman	He was, like .most of his line, a keen sportsman, and, returning to Berkeley to find that a royal visit had made great slaughter among his deer, he showed his resentment by disparking Berkeley Park.
sportswoman	Archer Iris Bingham won the disabled sportswoman of the year award.
sportscaster	Of ely in represents the general reader she is sportscaster dan Patrick.
spot	It was a green tin, with a red spot on it.
sportswear	He wears nylon sportswear all day which just makes the fermentation worse.
sporulation	Apparently the parasites may remain quiescent in the blood for years and may cause relapses by fresh sporulation.
sporty	I watch movies, read books, I`m not really sporty.
spotlight	The problem was put under the spotlight.
sport	You be there to show her what a good sport you are.
spotless	She sighed and wandered through the spotless kitchen.
spotlighting	We continued spotlighting during the hour's drive back to Ft Portal, seeing 3 African civets in the process.
spotter	The James Street practice is a member of the RCGP spotter scheme.
spotting	I'm good at spotting trends, so sue me.
spotty	It is more spotty and can be brown or pink in color.
spots	Spots flickered in her eyes as she leaned back.
spousal	Successes were limited for the week with one found child, accidently trapped in a locked room of an empty house and one spousal abduction, in the face of a restraining order.
spout	He can even spout some sports trivia and Christmas carols and stuff like that.
spouse	And if everyone who hit their spouse landed in jail, we might be rather shocked at the percentage.
spouting	You're the one who was spouting all the virtues of marriage.
sprain	A bad sprain can take several months to get completely better.
sprang	All the birds sprang up joyfully.
sprat	The sprat, pilchard or sardine and shad are species of the same genus.
sprawl	The city growth caused a sprawl of houses.
spray	She dodged the spray of water.
sprayer	It used to be a big deal to have a sprayer attached to your sink, but not anymore.
spraying	The truck slid to a stop in the yard, spraying gravel and dust.
spread	The table was spread and supper was ready.
spreading	He grabbed a butter knife and began spreading jelly on a biscuit.
spreader	The fertilizer should be applied with a spreader two or three times a year.
spreadsheet	Clicking from one spreadsheet to another, she was shocked at the extent of his investments.
sprightly	The women are sprightly, clever and amiable.
sprightliness	Rhymed prose was a favourite form of composition among the Arabs of that day, and Mahomet adopted it; but if it imparts a certain sprightliness to some passages, it proves on the whole a burdensome yoke.
sprig	Add a sprig of parsley and, if cloves or allspice are used, whole ones are better.
spree	They've put two regiments as outposts, and they're having such a spree there, it's awful!
spring	The snow melted, leaving in its wake a harvest of spring flowers.
springbuck	Many species of antelope are found, mostly in small numbers, including the kudu, hartebeest, the sable and roan antelope, the white tailed and the brindled gnu, waterbuck, red buck, duiker, blesbok, palla, springbuck (numerous), steinbok, grysbok and klipspringer.
springer	The fungus is most conspicuous on the grapes, but the leaves and stems From Hartig's Lehrbuch der Pfanzenkrankheiten, by permission of Julius Springer.
springing	How come Parkside is springing for this trip?
springtime	The grass was as green as though it was springtime, and the golden ears of corn gathered together in heaps in the great fields looked very pretty.
springy	It is extremely magnetic and almost non-magnetic; as brittle as glass and almost as pliable and ductile as copper; extremely springy, and springless and dead; wonderfully strong, and 1 The word iron was in 0.
sprinkle	Sam was a tall redhead with large blue eyes and a sprinkle of freckles over an upturned nose.
sprinkler	Choosing the right sprinkler is important for proper watering.
sprinkling	The mode was sprinkling or pouring.
sprinter	The world's swiftest sprinter cannot outrun a bear.
sprint	He was shifting up for a sprint when it happened.
sprite	Sprite images are like small sections of an image.
sprit	Sprit pole holds sail out instead of a boom.
sprocket	The oil pump itself is hidden behind the large shiny sprocket.
sprout	Any time a plant would sprout after the famine, the farmers felt hope again.
sprouting	He was sprouting tubes from every orifice - and then some.
spruce	Similar preparations are in use wherever the spruce fir abounds.
sprue	The pipes to the rear of the building are made from plastic sprue.
sprung	He sprung up and grabbed the cookies.
spry	Choose a kitten that is playful, curious and spry.
spud	We explored several hundred meters of new cave, living mostly on spam and reconstituted mashed spud.
spunk	You've got a lot of spunk, you know that?
spunky	Rhyn laughed, thoughts flying to the spunky human in the zoo.
spurge	But the most striking of the coast-belt flora are the tropical forms - the palm, mangrove, wild banana (Strelitzia augusta), tree-ferns, tree euphorbia, candelabra spurge and Caput medusae.
spun	He grabbed the door handle as she spun around a curve.
spur	On the spur of the moment you pick up the suitcases, put them in your trunk, and drive off.
spurious	But even in its spurious condition the book had been recognized as remarkable and almost unique.
spurn	Strange then, that Londoners prefer to spurn what is a superior machine, seduced instead by the retro charms of the Vespa.
spuriousness	Not only did an extreme party arise in Asia Minor rejecting all prophecy and the Apocalypse of John along with it, but the majority cf the Churches and bishops in that district appear (c. 178) to have broken off all fellowship with the new prophets, while books were written to show that the very form of the Montanistic prophecy was sufficient proof of its spuriousness.
spurt	He stands 6 '2 after a recent growth spurt.
spurred	So he spurred his horse to ride to their aid.
sputter	She could hear the engine sputter, then roar into life.
sputnik	Install Sputnik Agent on an appropriate access point, reflashing the firmware, or purchase such a unit from Sputnik.
sputtering	The icy water robbed her of breath and she came up sputtering and treading water.
sputum	The GP may arrange for sputum specimens to be sent to the laboratory.
spy	Tell me you won't spy on our past!
spyglass	Now, in The Amber Spyglass we discover the true nature of angels.
sql	Full-text search - with SQL Server, you no longer need expensive add-ons to handle full-text database searches.
squab	Some are designed to level out the angle of the seat squab (the part you sit on ).
squabble	It was unrealistic to think two people could spend a lifetime together and never squabble about anything.
sq	Its surface measures 1325 sq m.; it,has a length of 255 m.
squad	A cheer went up from the squad room.
squadron	Tomorrow our squadron is to be in reserve.
squalid	Here are squalid streets and mean houses typical of the poorest class of inhabitants.
squall	We were sailing along quite happily in a good force 4 when we were hit by a squall.
squalor	He was delighted with the varied play of the waterfalls, but no glamour blinded him to the squalor of Swiss peasant life.
squamosal	In many owls the right and left ears are asymmetrical, and this asymmetry affects the whole of the temporal region, all the bones which surround the outer and middle ear, notably the squamosal and the quadrate, so that the skull becomes lopsided, one ear being turned obliquely down, the other upwards.
squamous	It appears in my practice, as well as in the practices of others who specialize in skin cancer, that more and more people in their 20s and 30s are developing basal cell cancer and squamous cell cancer.
squandering	Squandering of these precious reserves seems to be the sole prerogative of Western Society, to the detriment of everyone.
squander	It's so easy to squander valuable time browsing social media.
squareness	The characteristics of the Sabaean are great squareness and boldness in outline.
squarely	She looked close to being ill but met his gaze squarely.
squarish	It has squarish ears and a short curved tragus with a blunt round end.
squaring	The secret will be squaring a few circles rather than walking around the truth.
square	This area is ten square miles, though.
squash	I'll squash you like a bug.
squat	The general was quiet as he escorted them to one of the squat buildings and inside.
squashy	Downstairs there was a big living-room with squashy old chairs and the television.
squatter	In 1849 the Illinois legislature demanded that its representatives and senators should vote for the prohibition of slavery in the Mexican cession, but next year this sentiment in Illinois had grown much weaker, and, both there and in Congress, Douglas's name was soon to become identified with the so-called popular sovereignty or squatter sovereignty theory, previously enunciated by Lewis Cass, by which each territory was to be left to decide for itself whether it should or should not have slavery.
squaw	Use endocrine balancing herbs like agnus castus herb, squaw vine herb and blessed thistle.
squeak	When I opened my door in the evening, off they would go with a squeak and a bounce.
squawk	What came out was a pitiful squawk.
squeaker	It has an internal squeaker that can easily removed or replaced and the toy can be machine washed.
squeaky	They love shiny toys that make tinkling or squeaky sounds.
squeal	She gave a startled squeal and fumbled on the unsteady ladder.
squeamish	I am not squeamish in such cases when manners are concerned.
squeezable	Quality Marketing and Promotions has tons of squeezable items that include everything from sports cars to key chains.
squeegee	Understanding of the behavior of solder paste under the action of vibrating squeegee is needed to optimize the process parameters.
squeezing	Maybe she imagined his hand squeezing hers.
squeeze	She smiled and reached out to squeeze his arm.
squelch	Trying to squelch the fear in her voice, she only nodded.
squid	Squid and octopus are eaten dried, pickled, stewed, steamed and grilled.
squib	The squib is lowered after the torpedo, and, when exploded by the descent of the weight, fires the charge.
squiffy	Some of the crews got a bit squiffy on the laid-on red wine.
squiggle	He doesn't want any aggro now he intends to be around for Squiggle.
squiggly	You can use straight lines, squiggly lines, or zig zags.
squill	Among the land plants may be noted the blue anemone; the ranunculus along the road-sides, with a strong perfume of violets; the Malta heath, which flowers at all seasons; Cynomorium coccineum, the curious Malta fungus, formerly so valued for medicinal purposes that a guard was set for its preservation under the rule of the Knights; the pheasant's-eye; three species of mallow and geranium; Oxalis cernua, a very troublesome imported weed; Lotus edulis; Scorpiurus subvillosa, wild and cultivated as forage; two species of the horseshoe-vetch; the opium poppy; the yellow and claret-coloured poppy; wild rose; Cartaegus azarolus, of which the fruit is delicious preserved; the ice-plant; squirting cucumber; many species of Umbelliferae; Labiatae, to which the spicy flavour of the honey (equal to that of Mt Hymettus) is ascribed; snapdragons; broom-rape; glass-wort; Salsola soda, which produces when burnt a considerable amount of alkali; there are fifteen species of orchids; the gladiolus and iris are also found; Urginia scilla, the medicinal squill, abounds with its large bulbous roots near the sea; seventeen species of sedges and seventy-seven grasses have been recorded.
squint	The glow of fire made him squint as they neared the field.
squire	He was to all appearance a simple country squire.
squirm	It was her turn to squirm in her chair.
squirrel	What did she have that a squirrel would eat?
squirt	This horse, who was never trained, was the sire of Squirt (1732), whose son Marske (1750) begat Eclipse and Young Marske (1762), sire of Shuttle (1793).
squish	She felt something squish beneath her shoe and almost vomited.
squishy	She stepped on something squishy but didn't let herself stop to think about what it was.
src	Finally, although poxviruses and the transforming RSV both induce migration and projection formation, poxviruses do not contain src -like genes.
sr	Strontium nitrate, Sr(N03)2, is obtained by dissolving the carbonate in dilute nitric acid.
sri	Thereafter the north, the west and the south-west of Siam, comprising the kingdom of Swankalok-Sukhotai, and the states of Suphan and Nakhon Sri Tammarat (Ligore), with their sub-feudatories, were reduced by the Siamese (Thai), who, during their southern progress, moved their capital from Sukhotai to Nakhon Sawan, thence to Kampeng Pet, and thence again to Suvarnabhumi near the present Kanburi.
ss	The church of SS Peter and Paul, mainly Perpendicular, has a lofty and ornate tower and spire.
sta	In 1491 he was invited to preach in the cathedral, Sta Maria del Fiore, and his rule over Florence may be said to begin from that date.
st	He died at Paris on the 27th of September 1660, and was buried in the church of St Lazare.
stab	I wouldn't even take a stab at it.
stabbing	They use a stabbing spear, small throwing spears, and a broad-bladed short sword.
stabilization	A ' soil bioengineering ' initiative with the University of Dundee is studying vegetation as an ecological solution for slope stabilization.
stability	Greater stability of crops in proportion to area cultivated is hoped for.
stabilized	The power within him stabilized and filled him until he felt ready to explode.
stabilize	Deidre did her best to stabilize her breathing.
stabilizer	The appliance includes an optional stabilizer arm for ensuring your cup stays balanced throughout the mixing process.
stabilizing	A pillow can add a stabilizing base to the cake or provide a whimsical top.
stable	I think a few days cleaning in the stable would pay for it.
stabling	If you would like to bring your horse on holiday, the owners also offer stabling.
stably	If the shaft is therefore to revolve stably this force must be balanced at any instant by the elastic resistanc of the shaft to deflexion.
staccato	While still in the anteroom Prince Andrew heard loud voices and a ringing staccato laugh--a laugh such as one hears on the stage.
stacked	She opened it and stacked the keys in it.
stack	There's a dryer and a stack of towels next to the shower.
stacker	The warehouse provides 23 tote stacker cranes for the efficient supply of 23 pick workstations that are located on two levels.
stade	Smith (here also following Stade) accepts the earlier part of the Greek period (306-278).
stadholder	In 1492 it was captured by the insurgent peasants of North Holland, was re-taken by the duke of Saxony, the imperial stadholder, and deprived of its privileges.
stadia	How can we possibly build the stadia and facilities for the Olympics.
stage	He was in the stage play Boo!
stadium	On the south it was bordered by a portico with a single row of columns in front; on the east by a double portico, more than a stadium in length (220 yds.), and serving as a racecourse for practice in bad weather.
staffer	Moran made such a call and found the staffer to be most unhelpful.
stagecraft	The course delves deeper into the technical side o f playing, and explores stagecraft and band skills.
stager	Stone, owner of the interior design firm Adore Your Décor and author of the FabJob Guide to Become a Home Stager or Redesigner, believes that you don't need to spend a lot in order to have a stylish home.
stag	Exmoor is noted for its stag hunting.
spotted	Finally she spotted him talking to his father.
staff	The chief of staff of the army is also a member of the council.
stagger	As you lay the floor, don't forget to stagger the joints.
staggered	She staggered on trembling legs.
staging	Now you are ready to mark staging my home for sale off your list.
stagnant	A stagnant pool was useless.
staggering	Thereafter Napoleon was blindly staggering to his fall.
stagnation	Throughout Europe the 18th century was less an era of stagnation than of transition.
stagirite	He also continued the writings begun in his second period; and the Macedonian kings have the glory of having assisted the Stagirite philosopher with the means of conducting his researches in the History of Animals.
stagnate	Our village life would stagnate if it were not for the unexplored forests and meadows which surround it.
stain	It has a stain on it and a rip in the arm pit.
staid	Woo- Gloucester passed as a staid and religious prince, and cester.
stainable	When fixed and stained this granular mass is resolved into a more or less distinct granular network which consists of a substance called Linin, only slightly stained by the ordinary nuclear stains, and, embedded in it, a more deeply stainable substance called Chromatin.
stair	She tripped over a stair and landed hard.
stairway	A spiral stairway leads from the base of this pedestal to the torch.
staining	She could feel the color staining her cheeks again.
stairwell	He walked down the hallway to the stairwell and down.
stalactite	The Mitchelstown limestone caves, exhibiting beautiful stalactite formations, are 6 m.
stakeholder	A stakeholder is any person or group of people that affects or is affected by an organization.
staircase	As she rounded the curve in the staircase, the room became silent.
stalemate	The two were well-matched opponents and their last game ended in stalemate.
stake	There is more at stake here than your brother's life.
stale	The room smelled of stale air and mold.
stalked	He stalked away from the Springs.
stalker	He traced her all the way out here, like some love-sick stalker.
stalagmite	The Empress Column is a stalagmite 35 ft.
stall	She paused at the last stall and smiled.
stalk	Sandy uplands produce a short stalk which bears fairly well.
stallage	No charter has been found, but a judgment given under a writ of quo warranto in 1578 confirms to the burgesses freedom from toll, passage and pontage, the tolls and stallage of the quay and the right to hold two fairs - privileges which they claimed under charters of Baldwin de Redvers and Isabel de Fortibus, countess of Albemarle, in the 13th century, and Edward Courtenay, earl of Devon, in 1405.
stallion	She moved too quickly and the stallion snorted.
stamina	He states that the germ is never to be seen in the seed till the apices (anthers) shed their dust; and that if the stamina be cut out before the apices open, the seed will either not ripen, or be barren if it ripens.
stalwart	I prayed our stalwart group of five wasn't down to only me.
stalling	She was stalling and it would do no good.
stainless	She tossed the chopped lettuce into a large stainless steel bowl.
staminate	The plant is monoecious, producing the staminate (male) flowers in a large feathery panicle at the summit, and the (female) dense spikes of flowers, or cobs, in the axils of the leaves below, the long pink styles hanging out like a silken tassel.
stamen	A stamen is opposite each sepal, and in the centre of the flower is the rudiment of a pistil.
staminal	In the staminal whorl especially it is common to find additional rows.
stammer	Does the person stammer over words or seem to lose track of the flow of the conversation?
stammerer	He was succeeded by his son Louis the Stammerer, the child of Ermentrude, daughter of a count of Orleans,whom he had married in 842, and who had died in 869.
stampede	Nome was the scene of a great gold mining stampede in 1900.
standard	The standard day is longer than ours, about thirty hours instead of twenty-four, with that divided evenly between day and night.
stanch	Lloyd was a stanch supporter of the revolution.
stance	It was in his relaxed stance, the steadiness of his gaze.
stamped	Adrena stamped a letter.
stamper	The apparatus was then gradually improved, and thus were evolved the modern forms of the screw press, next the Dutch or stamper press, and finally the hydraulic press.
stanchion	He stepped off the stanchion and moved toward her.
standby	A standby generator was provided in the event of a power failure.
standing	I was standing there!
standardize	There is a movement to standardize web design.
standardization	As an officer of engineers he presented to the National Assembly in 1790 a Memoire on the standardization of weights and measures.
standish	She did get permission to turn a human once, Peter Standish.
standpipe	Water is not led into the houses, but is supplied by the usual standpipe in the street.
stand	Don't just stand there.
stamp	You got his stamp of approval, you know.
standstill	The little car slowed to a standstill, but Katie continued spinning the tires.
stang	To the east of the Hohe Tauern stretches the group of the primitive Alps of Carinthia and Styria, namely the PÃ¶llauer Alps with the glacier-covered peak of the Hafner Eck (10,041 ft.); the Stang Alps with the highest peak the Eisenhut (8007 ft.); the Saualpe with the highest peak the Grosse Saualpe (6825 ft.); and finally the Koralpen chain or the Stainzer Alps (7023 ft.) separated from the preceding group by the Lavant valley.
stanhope	See Lord Stanhope, History of the War of Succession in Spain (London, 1832).
stannary	Ashburton (Essebretona, Asperton, Ashperton) is a borough by prescription and an ancient stannary town.
stank	The man in the executioner uniform dumped her onto a familiar surgical table in a room that stank of blood.
standpoint	It is from a similar standpoint that Aaron is condemned for the manufacture of the golden calf, and a compiler (not the original writer) finds its sequel in the election of the faithful Levites.'
stannic	It crystallizes in octahedra isomorphous with stannic oxide.
stanza	This last was written immediately before his death, and the last stanza added on the fatal morning.
stannous	The precipitate formed by sulphuretted hydrogen may contain the black mercuric, lead, and copper sulphides, dark-brown bismuth sulphide, yellow cadmium and arsenious sulphides, orange-red antimony sulphide, brown stannous sulphide, dull-yellow stannic sulphide, and whitish sulphur, the last resulting from the oxidation of sulphuretted hydrogen by ferric salts, chromates, &c. Warming with ammonium sulphide dissolves out the arsenic, antimony and tin salts, which are reprecipitated by the addition of hydrochloric acid to the ammonium sulphide solution.
stapes	The three middle ear bones Ã¢ the ossicles Ã¢ are called the malleus, the incus and the stapes.
staphylococcal	For example, a common cause of tear lipid deficiency is meibomian gland dysfunction secondary to staphylococcal blepharitis.
staph	Staph bacteria can also contaminate bedclothes, catheters, and other objects.
stapler	Use the stapler to secure the flag to the pole.
staphylococci	Staphylococci - impetigo, ecthyma, boils, carbuncles and staphylococcal scalded skin syndrome.
stare	The girl continued to stare at her.
starboard	Two shells struck the ship on the starboard side.
staphylococcus	Staphylococcus aureus is a very common type of bacteria.
starched	Great care was taken in the laundering and tying of his stiffly starched cravat.
staring	Bianca was staring at him.
stargazing	Stargazing is a romantic hobby and a wonderful way to spend time together.
starchy	This bundle is continued down into the cortex of the stem as a leaf-trace, and passing very slowly through the sclernchymatous external cortex and the parenchymatous, starchy internal cortex to join the central cylinder.
starch	Maltose, malt-sugar, maltobiose, C12H22011, is formed, together with dextrine, by the action of malt diastase on starch, and as an intermediate product in the decomposition of starch by sulphuric acid, and of glycogen by ferments.
stardom	She headed for New York City with dreams of music stardom.
starfish	Patrick the starfish is SpongeBob's best friend.
stargazer	The site describes current achievements in planet finding and encourages the reader to become a stargazer.
star	The man with the star regarded her with his calm, expressionless eyes.
starkers	In a good mood, he would have done his impressions of the Starkers discussing it in their rough west Country burr.
starkly	The white rump contrasts starkly with the black tail.
starless	Farther back beyond the dark trees a roof glittered with dew, to the right was a leafy tree with brilliantly white trunk and branches, and above it shone the moon, nearly at its full, in a pale, almost starless, spring sky.
starlight	His magic danced around him, bending starlight and night into a subtle light show.
stark	Her blood was a slash of stark red against a white marble floor.
staple	The staple crop is rice, which is grown on 77 per cent.
starstruck	Her second book, Starstruck, was released in 2005.
starred	Schreiber, 39, starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Omen, among other films.
start	It would start all over again.
starlet	Now comes a new starlet hoping to tread a similar path.
starlit	The flight out on Friday night had been a comfortable few hours spent at thirty-odd thousand feet, sandwiched between a cloud-covered countryside and a starlit sky.
starling	They include, however, the snipe and military starling, which on account of its scarlet breast is locally known as the robin.
startle	Selyn wrenched the door open fast enough to startle Deidre.
startlingly	Our whole life is startlingly moral.
starry	The dark starry night was followed by a bright cheerful morning.
starve	She'd just have to starve to death.
starwort	Particular favorites for breeding amphibians include water crowfoot, water starwort, water forget-me-not and water mint.
startup	An overseas bank account in the company name contained a balance of one million dollars as startup funds for us to secure quarters for the enterprise.
startling	A startling surprise was at hand.
starvation	Many of them fell into the slough of pauperism, and were saved from starvation by public doles.
stasis	She's in a stasis right now, caught between life and death.
statecraft	In the East all such traits are exaggerated, a result perhaps rather of the statecraft than of the religions of Egypt and Persia.
starting	Her heart was starting to flutter.
stash	We got info on a stash house on Broad Street.
statehood	Agitation for statehood became prominent in territorial politics for some years.
starter	A self starter An ideas person, who delivers.
stateless	Being in China at the time, Stanislav missed the deadline and became stateless.
stateliness	The same old stateliness, the same cleanliness, the same stillness reigned there, and inside there was the same furniture, the same walls, sounds, and smell, and the same timid faces, only somewhat older.
statement	His statement did nothing to slow Fred down.
stater	A quarter stater of this kind was found at St. John's Wood.
stateside	It really matters that our stateside counterparts, and perhaps we British, have fewer confidantes.
stately	He built a stately house in the city, and adorned it with a multitude of paintings.
statesmanlike	The statesmanlike qualities displayed on this occasion were unavailing to avert the storm of indignation conjured up by Crispi's opponents in connexion with a charge of bigamy not susceptible of legal proof.
stateroom	Whether you are looking to cruise in a luxurious suite or you prefer a simple inside stateroom, you are guaranteed living space that's accessorized with fun Disney details and practical amenities.
state	Oh, what a terrible state he is in!
stated	Len colored and glanced at Connie, who dimpled and firmly stated, Yes.
statewide	At low risk redo the entire statewide parity after if you make.
statical	If V be the potential, p the density of free electricity at a point in the atmosphere, at a distance r from the earth's centre, then assuming statical conditions and neglecting variation of V in horizontal directions, we have r2 (d/dr) (r 2 dV/dr) - - 4.rp = o.
statesmanship	Lowe was a rather cut-anddry economist, who prided himself that during his four years of office he took twelve millions off taxation; but later opinion has hardly accepted his removal of the shilling registration duty on corn (1869) as good statesmanship, and his failures are remembered rather than his successes.
statesmen	The statesmen of Europe still continued their efforts to avert a conflict, but to no purpose.
statically	Such was medicine, statically ordered in pathology, statically ordered in its clinical concepts, when, on the 24th of November 1859 the Origin of Species was published.
static	The book contains an intellectualist, static, determinist, abstractive trend.
stationery	The chief industry is stationery, particularly the printing of business cards.
statistic	Do your homework before you adopt to make sure your Rottie isn't another statistic, and you will be rewarded with love and loyalty for many years.
statics	The literature of graphical statics and its technical applications is very extensive.
statesman	Consalvi, besides being a statesman, was a man of wide and varied interests.
stationmaster	On the 7th inst., at Amotherby, Eliza, wife of Mr John SMITH, railroad stationmaster, aged 27.
statistically	Both statistically and experimentally we find that a damp soil favours its life and development, while prolonged submersion and drought kill it.
stationer	There, a few doors away from the mosque, was a small stationer 's shop which sold European papers.
stationary	If there's a stationary point you could tie on to, all the better.
statistician	Eventually he consulted a statistician who helped to bring an appeal.
station	I left the station, not sure what to do next.
statocyst	Again in Pennaria, the male medusae are set free st.c, Statocyst containing the minute cyst.
statue	His gaze went to the statue of him.
statistical	In general theory special studies by other men cannot play the same part as they do in historical and statistical work.
stator	If you have no luck by now, you are most likely to have a failed alternator stator.
stature	Their stature is estimated to be about 5 ft.
status	His status is shown by his wergild.
statuesque	If you're tall, and plan on wearing heels, a long pink and zebra gown can make you look fashion forward and statuesque.
statuary	Two heroic groups of statuary for the building were designed by George Grey Barnard.
statistics	The most recent statistics show the disease to be diminishing.
statute	It may be created by contract, by statute or by judgment.
statuette	This statuette is apparently' a work of the 1st century.
statutorily	In Scotland, ministers are statutorily obliged to give effect to the Parole Board's directions.
staunchly	The result of this evolution is that Belgium is to-day the most staunchly Catholic land north of the Alps.
stay	They wanted to stay at the party.
statutory	The council sits for a statutory period of three years.
staurolite	Those rocks which contain andalusite and staurolite are sometimes found in such associations as show that they are due to contact action by intrusive igneous masses.
stave	Well, that's one way to stave off passion.
staunch	He was a staunch supporter of the co-operative movement.
staying	Are you staying in my house?
steadfast	The Lord grant that we may be steadfast in the faith.
staves	Trundles having only six staves will work with large wheels.
staysail	There I decide to swap the staysail for the cruising chute.
steady	He closed his eyes and took a deep breath to steady himself.
steadfastly	She agreed, but steadfastly refused to adopt on that issue.
stead	He was in the place, or stead, of the sovereign.
steal	Your goal is to steal a necklace with a red gem on it.
std	Some symptoms of sexually transmitted diseases (STD) such as trichomas or 'trich' mimic yeast infections, but if left untreated they can cause fertility problems.
steadfastness	After preliminary negotiations, in which Bernard was roused by Abelard's steadfastness to put forth all his strength, a council met at Sens (1141), before which Abelard, formally arraigned upon a number of heretical charges, was prepared to plead his cause.
stealthily	Stealthily, she moved the cup over the edge and spilled it on the floor beneath the table.
steadiness	For the great plan of conquering Canada, Pitt chose young and ardent officers, with Amherst, distinguished for steadiness and self-control, as their commander-in-chief.
stealer	Faith Stealer begins with some terrifying moments for C'Rizz, but we soon settle into what promises to be a fairly lighthearted story.
stealthy	The rest was accomplished by stealthy observation.
stealth	Her talent is the ability to move in stealth mode.
stealing	The Indians were stealing the mules left outside the wagons.
steamy	As if bent on assisting her, the weather turned steamy when it entered the second week of June.
stearic	The so-called stearin of candles is a mixture of stearic and palmitic acids.
stearate	Soft or green soap (potassium oleate), made by acting on olive oil with caustic potash, is also used; its preparation (Linamentum saponis) is known as opodeldoc. Curd soap is also used, and is chiefly a stearate of sodium.
steamboat	In this same year the first steamboat reached New Orleans.
steadily	Instead of improving, Destiny got steadily worse.
steamer	It has facilities for boating and bathing as well as for trips by steamer up and down the river Meuse.
stearin	Cottolene (with beef stearin, cooking oil).
steatite	Steatite is extracted from the Arakan hill quarries.
steamship	The foreign steamship companies making it a regular port of call are the Pacific Steam Navigation Co.
steam	Father took us to see steam boat it is like house.
steed	I spurred my panting steed and waved my sword.
steelwork	The steelwork for a building of any considerable size is almost invariably rolled to order.
steely	Verdant forests stretched to the steely sky, a swath of green, brown, and grey.
steel	He emerged from the thick steel walls into the sunlight.
steak	That's a long way to drive for steak and potatoes.
steep	She screamed again as she tumbled down a steep hill.
steeplechase	Village on the Park is an independent living community in Houston's Steeplechase area.
steelyard	It consists of a steelyard mounted on a fulcrum; one arm carries at its extremity a heavy bob and pointer, the latter moving along a scale affixed to the stand and serving to indicate when the beam is in its standard position.
steeper	When an engineer has to construct a railway up a hill having a still steeper slope, he must secure practicable gradients by laying out the line in ascending spirals, if necessary tunnelling into the hill, as on the St Gothard railway, or in a series of zigzags, or he must resort to a rack or a cable railway.
steeping	The larvae are killed and hardened by steeping some hours in strong acetic acid; the silk glands are then separated from the bodies, and the vis cous fluid drawn out to the condition of a fine uniform line, which is stretched between pins at the extremity of a board.
steer	He'd watched Sean subtly steer people away from it.
steepness	Its great length (460 ft.) and the height and steepness of its vaulted cedar-wood roof (1538) are very impressive.
steeple	A nearby steeple had been broken off short and the fragments lay heaped beside it.
steeply	Many of the spurs or broken segments of ranges thus formed abut steeply upon the Black Sea, so that this littoral region is on the whole very rugged and not readily accessible, especially as the general elevations are considerable.
steerage	Whether they traveled first-class or crossed the Atlantic in steerage, all new immigrants to the Port of New York were required to go through Customs at Ellis Island.
steinkirk	He was present with his pupil at the battle of Steinkirk, and faced fire, says Marshal Luxembourg, like a grenadier.
stela	The bowl is inscribed round the outside, the stela on the back.
steinbock	The Ungulata are represented by the chamois (Rupicapra tragus) and the bouquetin or steinbock (Capra ibex).
steering	She desperately fought the steering wheel for control, but the car weaved all over the road.
stelae	Especially noteworthy are the stelae (reliefs) representing scenes of leave-taking, which, though often of simple workmanship, are characterized by a touching dignity and restraint of feeling.
stein	In connexion with the Monumenta Pertz also began the publication of a selection of sources in octavo form, the Scriptores rerum germanicarum in usum scholarum; among his other literary labours may be mentioned an edition of the Gesammelte Werke of Leibnitz, and a life of Stein.
stele	In both stem and root early walli separate the cortex from the stele.
stellated	The small stellated dodecahedron is formed by stellating the Platonic dodecahedron (by stellating is meant developing the faces contiguous to a specified base so as to form a regular pyramid).
stellate	The flowers are stellate, cymose, on stems rising from the heart of the leafy rosettes.
stem	She twisted the stem of her glass.
stellenbosch	Stellenbosch is the headquarters of the Cape branch of the Dutch Reformed Church, and is also an important educational centre.
stellar	As early as 1573, Thomas Digges had suggested that this theory should necessitate a parallactic shifting of the stars, and, consequently, if such stellar parallaxes existed, then the Copernican theory would receive additional confirmation.
stemless	Hesperochiron - H. pumilus, a pretty Californian rock plant, is stemless, dwarf in growth, with leaves borne on slender stalks, forming a rosulate tuft.
stemmed	More likely it stemmed from the fact that she had not gone to the house yet.
stemming	Stemming from two crusty old turntables, the first remix tapes of his musical ideas were created.
stench	There was an overwhelming stench in the room.
sten	Royal Design Studio and Sten Source both offer stone paint stencils for home use.
stemware	Stand or store crystal stemware right side up to avoid damage to stemware rims.
stenographer	The even younger stenographer sat to his rear, ready to take down everything verbatim.
steno	Successive observers in Italy, notably Fracastoro (1483-1553), Fabio Colonna (1567-1640 or 1650) and Nicolaus Steno (1638 - c. 1687), a Danish anatomist, professor in Padua, advanced the still embryonic science and set forth the principle of comparison of fossil with living forms. Near the end of the 17th century Martin Lister (1638-1712), examining the Mesozoic shell types of England, recognized the great similarity as well as the differences between these and modern species, and insisted on the need of close comparison of fossil and living shells, yet he clung to the old view that fossils were sports of nature.
stencil	On the back of the chairs, stencil each child's name.
stenosis	Aortic valve calcification occurs in up to 55% of patients, with aortic stenosis being present in 13% .
stenotic	Diseases mentioned include, stenotic nares, brachycephalic airway syndrome, elongated soft palet and laryngeal collapse.
step	She took a quick step back.
stepchild	This newest bastard stepchild from the unholy matrimony of Daimler Benz and Chrysler just plain looks like ass.
stepbrother	Her stepbrother, Brody Jenner, was not in attendance, as he was apparently too busy promoting The Hills.
stepdaughter	Wrapped up in her decadent world, she is excited to have her 20 year old stepdaughter Natalie home from boarding school.
stepparent	The individual who is not the biological parent of the child or children is referred to as the stepparent.
stepmother	He mustn't be without a stepmother either!
stepfather	I guess his stepfather thought more of him than her.
stepsister	Distraught, Himeno finds comfort with her stepsister Mawata and solace in the arms of the knight Hayate.
steppe	They were called steppe peasants.
stereo	A stereo headset can also be used with the phone.
stepson	He turned to his stepson, a smile brightening his face.
stepping	This other guy keeps stepping on my toes.
stepney	The Metropolitan police courts are fourteen in number, namely - Bow Street, Covent Garden; Clerkenwell; Great Marlborough Street (Westminster); Greenwich and Woolwich; Lambeth; Marylebone; North London, Stoke Newington Road; Southwark; South Western, Lavender Hill (Battersea); Thames, Arbour Street East (Stepney); West Ham; West London, Vernon Street (Fulham); Westminster, Vincent Square; Worship Street (Shoreditch).
stereogram	Well, two actually; I decided to have another go at making a stereogram.
stereochemical	It is seen that aldoses and ketoses which differ stereochemically in only the two final carbon atoms must yield the same osazone; and since d-mannose, d-glucose, and d-fructose do form the same osazone (d-glucosazone) differences either structural or stereochemical must be placed in the two final carbon atoms.3 It may here be noticed that in the sugars there are asymmetric carbon atoms, and consequently optical isomers are to be expected.
stereochemistry	Even in such simple systems, controlling the stereochemistry at the benzylic position (crucial to materials properties) is problematic.
stereographic	Having entered the Society of Jesus in 1586, he was successively professor of philosophy at Douai and rector of the Jesuit College at Antwerp. He wrote a treatise on optics in six books (Antwerp, 1613), notable for containing the principles of stereographic projection.
stereophonic	Consequently there is a visual record in stereophonic sound of what I attempted to do for the next 40 minutes !
stereoscope	In light there are a series of papers on the eye, on the physiology of vision, on binocular vision, including the invention of one of the popular scientific instruments, the stereoscope, and on colour.
stereoscopic	When the recognition of the arrangement in space of small objects is desired a stereoscopic lens can be used.
stereotype	I try not to immediately stereotype and judge people based on their outward appearances.
stepped	He stepped back and raised his hands.
stereotyping	The cause of the stereotyping of the systems, apart from political conditions, seems to have been the barrenness of science.
stereotypical	His stereotypical adolescent attitude earned him a week of dish-washing duty.
steric	Decker (Ber., 9 5, 38, p. 1144) has found that many ortho substituted quinolines will not combine with methyl iodide owing to steric hindrance, but the difficulty can be overcome in most cases by using methyl sulphate and heating the reaction components to ioo C. for half an hour.
stereotyped	Celebrities are usually stereotyped to be people full of conceit.
stern	Alex shot her a stern look and she made a face.
sterilizer	These materials can be run through an autoclave sterilizer and are not porous, which means that they do not harbor bacteria and can be worn in a fresh piercing or for extended periods of time.
sterilization	Chemical methods of sterilization have also been suggested, depending on the use of iodine, chlorine, bromine, ozone, potassium permanganate, copper sulphate or chloride and ()their substances.
sterility	Nothing could add to the sterility and the monotony of these mallee scrubs.
sterilize	A solution of I in 20 is used to sterilize instruments before an operation, and towels or lint to be used for the patient.
sterile	The sterile scent tickled Brady's nostrils.
sterlet	Polypodium hydriforme Ussow is a fresh-water form parasitic on the eggs of the sterlet.
sternly	She let her gaze fall sternly on Dulce's face.
sternum	The last I to 5 of these vertebrae have movable ribs which do not reach the sternum, and are called cervico-dorsals.
sternite	The glands occur in groups, and lead into common ducts which open usually so much reduced that the foremost apparent ventral sclerite of the abdomen represents the third sternite.
sternness	To be just with sternness was in his eyes a duty.
sterna	Lameere's classification is founded on the number of abdominal sterna, the nervuration of the wings, the number of malpighian tubules (whether four or six) and other structural characters.
sternal	Eventually, when the right and left feet of the coracoids overlap each other, the anterior sternal spine contains a foramen.
steroidal	This study revealed that the action of Hoodia's steroidal glycoside was directly on the hypothalamus, the part of the brain controlling appetite.
sterol	For example, precursors of SREBP (sterol response element binding protein) transcription factors are integral proteins embedded in endoplasmic reticulum membranes.
steroid	In rare cases, steroid injection or surgery may be needed.
sterling	A sum of 20 millions sterling was voted as compensation to the planters.
stethoscope	During the physical exam, the child's blood pressure is measured, and a stethoscope is used to listen to sounds made by the heart and blood flowing through the arteries.
stetson	Her western ensemble was complete with boots and a black Stetson hat.
steward	The cafe manager knew how to steward the staff to give good service.
sth	The adult worm, which is of extremely minute size, the male being only Fi l sth and the female s of an inch in length inhabits the alimentary canal of man and many other carnivorous mammalia; the young bore their way into the tissues and become encysted in the muscles - within the muscle-bundles according to Leuckart, but in the connective tissue between them according to Chatin and others.
stew	Let him stew on that for a while.
stewed	Fruit makes a great, filling dessert try stewed apples or poached pears at this time of year.
stewardship	Meanwhile the stewardship had increased in importance.
stewardess	In all this the princess was assisted by the king's stewardess Dinazad.
stick	I'll stick to biking.
stewing	Our stewing steak (sliced or diced) can be used with this method.
stibnite	Good lodes of stibnite (sulphide of antimony) have been found near Roebourne in Western Australia, but no attempt has yet been made to work them.
stich	Fungal and phanerogamic parasites can make no use of stich substances as carbon dioxide, but draw elaborated products from the bodies of their hosts.
stibine	It is precipitated as the metal from solutions of its salts by the metals of the alkalis and alkaline earths, zinc, iron, copper, &c. In its chemical affinities it resembles arsenic and antimony; an important distinction is that it forms no hydrogen compound analogous to arsine and stibine.
stickleback	Of the species known not one has so wide a geographical range, and has so well been studied, as the common British threespined stickleback (Gastrosteus aculeatus).
stickler	Jeff is never sick and is a real stickler for that sort of thing.
stickiness	Katie pushed herself up, startled by the stickiness on her hand.
sticky	He dropped the sticky pouch in her hand.
stiff	Sunday morning she was stiff and tired.
sticker	The hologram identity sticker should be fixed securely to the bike.
stiffen	The roots of this plant were collected in Elizabethan times for their high starch content, which was used to stiffen fashionable linen ruffs.
sticking	I planned on sticking close anyway.
stifled	She stifled a laugh, and he gave her a sidelong glance.
stiffish	It is suitable for stiffish soils where the subsoil is fairly open, but is less successful in sand.
stiffly	He turned and walked stiffly to his car.
stigma	The pistil consists of a single carpel with its ovary, style, stigma and solitary ovule or twin ovules.
stifling	They had to break this stifling relationship off before it smothered all reason from them.
stifle	Brady's comment made her stifle a laugh.
stiffness	In spite of the lateness of the hour, he turned and stretched the stiffness from his limbs.
stiffening	In the long run, however, even this palliative ceased to work; and accordingly on June 5 1917 a new stiffening of the standing orders was voted, which sufficed in effect during the later period of the Parliament.
stiffened	Alex stiffened and stopped translating.
stigmatic	In place of the six stamens we commonly find but one (two in Cypripedium), and that one is raised together with the stigmatic surfaces on an elongation of the floral axis known as the column.
stigmata	If for no other reason than the prominent place they hold in art, it would not be right to pass by the Stigmata without a special mention.
stile	At the top, cross a stile, keeping to the path, which is fenced on both sides.
still	It is still a famous school.
stigmatize	We need to stigmatize war in the same fashion.
stillbirth	A child's father or mother has a duty to register the stillbirth.
stiletto	The stiletto heel was a top fashion item teamed with a classic pointed toe pump.
stillness	In the deathlike stillness only the tramp of horses was heard.
stilling	She drew a deep breath, stilling her nerves, and crossed to the paddock.
stilt	Stilt walking is best practiced on either carpet or grass.
stimulant	Ergot is the most powerful known stimulant of the pregnant uterus.
stillborn	This project was stillborn and pleased no one.
stilted	First of all you've got your movement, which initially seems a little stilted on the ground.
stilton	Yes that is correct stilton cheese is now a perfume.
sting	I felt a sharp sting as the blade cut.
stimulator	Thus his significance in intellectual history remains that of a great stimulator.
stimulating	The ridiculous subject was both mind stimulating and enjoyable.
stimulation	The conduction of such stimulation to parts removed some distance from the sense organ suggests paths of transmission comparable to those which transmit nervous impulses in animals.
stinger	Stinger is a recumbent bicycle made in the Netherlands.
stimuli	In point of fact, many stimuli are beneath the threshold of a man's consciousness.
stinginess	A stinginess with ingredients also marked a rough-textured duck terrine with a tiny nugget of foie gras at its core.
stingy	Her father is very rich and stingy.
stink	But he's absent minded 'cause he forgets he's got a full refrigerator of stuff that's going to rot and stink up the place.
stinker	This is an absolute stinker that is best avoided.
stimulus	The statistics of the killed usually afford all necessary stimulus to improvement.
stinging	She blinked to relieve the stinging in her eyes.
stinking	Finally the larva of one of the Bornean Mantidae, which is a floral simulator in its pupal and adult stages, closely resembles in its black and red coloration the larva of the stinking and warningly coloured bug Eulyes amoena.
stimulate	Maybe a good walk would stimulate her mind.
stipe	While the laminated portion of the thallus is being gradually worn off in our latitudes during the autumnal storms, a vigorous new growth appears at the junction of the stipe and the blade, as the result of which a new piece is added to the stipe and the lamina entirely renovated.
stipes	The internal tissue of the body of the solid higher Fungi, particularly the elongated stalks (stipes) of the fructifications of the Agarics, consists of hyphae running in a longitudinal direction, which no doubt serve for the conduction of organic food substances, just as do the trumpet-hyphae, similar in appearance, though not in origin, of the higher Brown Seaweeds.
stipendiary	There are 66 resident (stipendiary) magistrates, and four police magistrates in Dublin.
stipend	A stipend, ranging from 5000 francs a year to 250 francs, was attached to each grade of the institution.
stint	Driven to move a two-year stint we can't get.
stippling	After you have applied the white cream makeup, add a green tinge by stippling on some green greasepaint with a soft sponge.
stipular	In Ceratozamia the broad petiole-base is characterized by the presence of two lateral spinous processes, suggesting stipular appendages, comparable, on a reduced scale, with the large stipules of the Marattiaceae among Ferns.
stipple	After application, you can then stipple the paint, which will even out the textures.
stipulation	The stipulation on the passage of the money was fine with her.
stipulated	He stipulated that his liberty to preach the truth should be respected.
stirrer	It can also be used as a scraper or as a stirrer.
stir	She felt panic stir again.
stirrup	They used no stirrup, but had both bridle and bit.
stirring	Rhyn looked up, anger stirring again.
stitchery	Loose, sporadic stitchery may indicate less-than-quality craftsmanship.
stitcher	The bags have a storied history as the perfect tote for a serious quilter, stitcher or knitter.
stipulate	His previous experience made him stipulate for full powers and a sufficient revenue.
stock	Guess we should start stock piling bottles.
stitched	Any logo stitched leather biker jackets or D&O footy shirts?
stockbroker	Her husband is stockbroker Tom Mahoney, whom she recently married.
stockade	A stockade fort was erected on the site of the city in 1808, but was burned in 1813.
stitch	She learned the stitch this week, and is very proud of the achievement.
stoat	In cold regions the weasel turns white in winter, but less regularly and only at a lower temperature than the stoat or ermine, from which it is distinguished by its smaller size and the absence of the black tail-tip. The length of the head and.
stockholder	Every stockholder in a bank is made individually liable to the amount of his stock at its par value in addition to the said stock.
stoa	The remains of two temples of Dionysus have been found adjoining the stoa of the theatre, and an altar of the same god adorned with masks and festoons; the smaller and earlier temple probably dates from the 6th century B.C., the larger from the end of the 5th or the beginning of the 4th century.
stitching	Make sure that the materials are good quality, and the stitching is top-notch.
stockist	Tokai Carbon Europe is a stockist of premium grade graphites for EDM electrode, high temperature and mechanical applications.
stockman	Stockman, a Scottish physician who was sent for, thought it was only weakness, and that rest would restore the patient.
stocking	A red fox was stocking a cottontail.
stockpile	Downloading karaoke songs for free is a great way to start your collection and have a stockpile of fun songs to sing alone or with friends.
stockpiling	Figure 6. Stockpiling area of variegated jasper in clay pits or ' bins ' Click to enlarge.
stockroom	Stockroom assistant Sylvia Ruston said the mischievous ghost had been particularly active in the last few weeks, revealing itself more than ever before.
stockyard	Externally the story had to do with a family of stockyard workers, but internally it was the story of my own family.
stoic	Elisabeth was stoic, always holding her feelings close; and Emily was the effervescent, impulsive optimist.
stocky	The stocky man was hooded, wore a mask and was already in the room!
stodgy	Family reunion games for adults don't have to be mature or stodgy.
stoical	The Stoical categories, too, have an historical significance.
stoically	I intend to make some adverts encouraging people to look on the bright side and stoically endure misfortune.
stoke	Stoke is on the North Staffordshire railway, 146 m.
stoichiometric	Neumann, who, in 1831, deduced from observations on many carbonates (calcium, magnesium, ferrous, zinc, barium and lead) that stoichiometric quantities (equimolecular weights) of compounds possess the same heat capacity.
stoking	Except he hadn't planned on stoking the fire with Kisolm for what would certainly end in another war.
stoicism	Stoicism is a much more important system, but harder to classify.
stolen	Those ideas were stolen from me.
stoker	Next came my training partner Dickie Bird and a fit young stoker going through for clearance diver.
stol	But he calculated that this position, too, must be carried in the first rush, so that he could reach without delay the great ridge of the Stol (6,467 ft.), which stood athwart a further direct advance.
stomach	True, but her answer left Carmen's stomach tied in a knot.
stolid	His facial features suggested a stolid character.
stomachache	If you eat too many of them, you may get a stomachache, but that's about it.
stolon	Zooecia either arising from a stolon, without lateral connexion with one another, or laterally united to form sheets.
stomachal	Cephalic shield short, truncated posteriorly; eyes deeply embedded; three calcareous stomachal plates; shell external, with reduced spire.
stoma	Above each cavity is situated a so-called water-sloma, no doubt derived phylogenetically from an ordinary stoma, and enclosed by guard-cells which have nearly or entirely lost the power of movement.
stomachic	Iron and quinine citrate is used as a bitter stomachic and tonic. In the blood citrates are oxidized into carbonates; they therefore act as remote alkalis, increasing the alkalinity of the blood and thereby the general rate of chemical change within the body.
stomata	Stomata are often situated at the bottom of pits in the surface of the leaf.
stole	If she stole something from you, I'll return it.
stonechat	Also in the valley were two cetti's warbler, a stonechat and more chiffchaff.
stomodaeum	One end of the blastopore becomes nearly closed, and an ingrowth of ectoderm takes place around it to form the stomodaeum or fore-gut and mouth.
stomatitis	Medical treatment is usually not necessary for aphthous stomatitis, unless the ulcers are severe (larger than one centimeter or lasting longer than two weeks).
stonecrop	This number is, however, very variable, and often not Stonecrop (Sedum acre) slightly reduced.
stoneless	Cilicia Pedias included the rugged spurs of Taurus and a large plain, which consists, in great part, of a rich stoneless loam.
stomp	She used to stomp around, knocking bowls flying, splashing through the water bowls making an almighty mess !
stonewall	When McClellan entered upon his Peninsular Campaign in 1862 the important duty of defending Washington from the army of Stonewall Jackson fell to the corps commanded by Banks.
stood	He stood and stretched.
stoned	So he prayed - and the wicked Jews stoned him.
stonemason	A stonemason carved the Roman letters H IIII into this stone pilaster.
stool	He sat on the bar stool next to her.
stoop	The sun was beating down on me as I sat on the stoop waiting for Mrs. Armstrong to pick me up.
stoneware	This Bizen-yaki was red stoneware, with this diaphanous glaze.
stop	If everyone would stop talking about it...
stony	Its waters are lost in the arid stony plateau of the Sorl.
stonework	Much damage was done to the tower, and the nave roof perished, for the fire reached practically every part of the building, though the stonework of the nave suffered comparatively little.
stooge	I played the stooge as well as I could.
stopover	Many international flights will include a stopover in Singapore of several hours, which is enough time to get out and shop.
stopping	And why are you stopping here?
stopcock	He then took a globe of copper fitted with pump and stopcock, and discovered that he could pump out air as well as water.
storage	She'd been in the large storage room once while playing hide and seek long ago.
stoping	In this the stoping contracts run vertically, the roof in the working-places, and later to control the fall of the roof while the pillars are mined.
store	She caught sight of herself in a store window.
stone	Dusty shouted as a chunk of stone crushed a stainless steel cabinet.
stopgap	Despite all the stopgap measures, the BRC was unable to develop to meet the changing requirements of its users.
stope	The main haulage tracks are laid at the bottom of the stope, which thus forms the level.
storey	The houses are often of one storey only.
stopper	A wooden stopper closes the mouth of the jar, and through lon.
storefront	Lana walked back to the town and to the storefront that was her temporary home.
storehouse	But his work remains a storehouse of learning and is increasingly.
stoppage	No unnecessary force is permitted, and no stoppage must occur during the operation.
storeroom	It looks like a storeroom for HP.
storekeeper	In 1767 he obtained a situation as translator in the excise office, and ten years later a post as storekeeper in a mercantile house.
storm	The storm continued most of the night.
storied	A Mississippi River boat cruise is ideal for anyone who wants to learn about America's storied past while enjoying regional cuisine and local music on a historic steamboat.
stormy	In stormy weather they are sometimes of a dark slate-color.
storming	You expected him to come storming after you.
story	That's an incredible story, Martha.
stork	The birds are more West African than the mammals, and include the grey parrot, all the genera of the splendidly-coloured turacoes, the unique whale-headed stork, and the ostrich.
stoss	It has the interesting Evangelical church of St John, built in the 15th century, with carvings by Veit Stoss, paintings by Wohlgemut, Martin Sch6n and others, and a ciborium by Adam Krafft; a fountain, the Schone Brunnen, and several schools.
storing	It sucked her magic out of her, storing it in the black cuff.
stoup	They could then have a stoup of wine or beer, before going to the final service, Compline.
stour	With a more direct course, and in a widening, fertile valley it continues past Downton, Fordingbridge and Ringwood, skirting the New Forest on the west, to Christchurch, where it receives the Stour from the west, and 2 z m.
stowaway	Karen and Frosty stowaway on a refrigerated train car.
stoutness	The men are taller and more muscular than the Siamese and Annamese, while the women are small and inclined to stoutness.
stoutish	This grows to a height of about 3 ft., the lower part of the stoutish stem being furnished with leaves, while near the top is developed a crown of large pendant flowers surmounted by a tuft of bright green leaves like those of the lower part of the stem, only smaller.
stow	All right, I'll throw a few things together and stow them in your car before I leave.
str	A drive, the Corso Vittorio Emmanuele, winds along the slopes behind the city from the Str.
stoutly	They are comparatively small and stoutly built animals, with short, rounded ears and no tail.
stowing	You may want to keep the can opener in place, but consider stowing small appliances you don't use every day.
strabismus	Examination of fixation using vertical prisms is useful in diagnosing amblyopia in the absence of strabismus.
stout	At the time, owner Weaver called her store Catherines Stout Shoppe.
stowage	Bring soft bags as we do not have stowage for rigid bags or suit cases.
stove	He opened the door of the stove to peek.
straddle	An example will make the nature of the straddle clear.
strafe	Also try using the left and right strafe key to guide yourself in the air.
straggler	It also occurs in Britain as an occasional straggler.
straight	She looked him straight in the eye.
straightaway	If you have been attacked call the police straightaway.
straggly	Bright red, glossy, Bittersweet berries have ripened on a straggly plant growing by a broken wall at the roadside.
straggling	The whine of a straggling hound could be heard.
straggle	The town and its fine gardens and orchards straggle some 6 m.
stored	There's no energy stored in it right now.
straightway	Straightway, then, he saw himself exposed to a double peril.
straightness	Other areas that are usually examined include your baby's spine and hips, as your doctor checks for spine straightness and hip joint stability.
strain	Darian nodded, hearing the strain in her voice.
straightening	Straightening in the saddle, he winked.
strainer	Do you need a strainer or a frying pan?
strained	Jule frowned and strained to sit.
straighten	I was trying to straighten that picture on the wall.
straightforwardness	But he cannot be reproached with undue bias; he writes with the straightforwardness of a soldier, and is not ashamed on occasion to confess his ignorance.
straightener	The secret to Aniston's super shiny locks is not just the investment of a quality hair straightener.
straitened	At the beginning of his married life Luther must have been in straitened circumstances.
strand	He smiled, brushing a strand of hair from her cheek.
straitjacket	It should never be allowed to become a straitjacket.
straining	She waited breathlessly, straining to hear the least noise.
strangely	The voice was strangely timid.
strange	Howard gave him a strange look.
strait	Bali is separated from Lombok by a strait not more than 15 m.
stramonium	Various other adulterants are sometimes used, such as the inspissated juice of the prickly pear, extracts from tobacco, stramonium and hemp, pulp of the tamarind and bael fruit, mahwah flowers and gums of different kinds.
stranger	The hidden stranger lashed out at him.
stranded	I'm worried sick about my wife stranded who knows where.
stranding	The reason for the stranding is not known but the topography of the bay and the large tidal range were probably contributory.
strangle	Darian wanted to strangle the Other.
straightforward	It moves straightforward upon a well-defined path.
strangler	A blue haired old lady with a walker and her mate hauling an oxygen tank looked at me as If I was the Boston strangler.
strap	She watched him tighten a strap around the horse's belly.
stranglehold	The midfield stranglehold went and the game was destined to finish equal.
strangeness	The chief of these is strangeness or difficulty in the matter to be copied.
strangulation	The crib mattress should fit snugly within the crib frame, with no more than two fingers' distance between the mattress and the crib railing, to avoid strangulation.
strapped	He strapped it on eagerly.
strapping	The only alternatives were sedation or strapping her down.
strapper	Unless, of course, you opt for their special Swaroski crystal Strapper.
stratagem	The stratagem was successful, and Henry cast off all disguise.
strategical	Its strategical importance was one of the causes which led to the occupation of Tunisia by the French in 1881.
strategi	In internal government the cleruchs adopted the Boule and Assembly system of Athens itself; so we read of Polemarchs, Archons Eponymi, Agoranomi, Strategi, in various places.
strategy	This strategy was at first triumphant.
strategist	As a strategist, though of great ability, he cannot be compared to Richard.
strath	This name, however, has also been applied to wide tracts of lowland which embrace portions of several valleys, but are defined by lines of heights on each side; the best example is afforded by Strathmore - the Great Strath - between the southern margin of the Highlands and the line of the Sidlaw Hills.
strategus	A slightly idealized portrait of Pericles as strategus is preserved to us in the British Museum bust, No.
strategic	Its importance to France is, nevertheless, chiefly strategic and political.
strata	Marsh, who, after 1870, discovered a great number of bird remains in the Cretaceous strata of North America.
strategically	The drawing room had crystal cylinder vases strategically placed all around, filled with large parrot tulips of every shade.
stratification	The rocks are largely volcanic, the stratification being complex.
strapless	A basque with removable straps will also provide more support than just a strapless bra.
stratified	Well-worn pebbles of amorphous quartz (agate, chalcedony, jasper, &c.) are found in the stratified drift along the western side of the Tertiary region of the state, and from Columbus northward.
stratiform	Most of the UK, except East Anglia and N and E Scotland, was covered with low stratiform frontal cloud.
stratigraphic	The subject will be treated in its biological aspects, because the relations of palaeontology to historical and stratigraphic geology are more appropriately considered under the article Geology.
stratigraphical	As a stratigraphical geologist he rendered much assistance on the Geological Survey of France, but in the course of time he gave his special attention to the study of volcanic phenomena and earthquakes, to minerals and rocks; and he was the first to introduce modern petrographical methods into France.
stratigraphy	Recent peat stratigraphy shows evidence of a history of wooded bog on this site.
stratospheric	Where the sounds are stratospheric and almost celestial, then the intimate introspective fragility roots them earthbound.
stratosphere	The Earth is protected from the sun's harmful ultraviolet rays by a layer of ozone in the stratosphere section of the atmosphere.
stratocumulus	The stratocumulus cloud obscured vision for day flying migrants and migrant watchers alike.
strawberry	Make new strawberry beds if required.
stray	Megan pushed a stray curl away from her forehead and smiled.
stratus	Trish starred in Trish Stratus - 100% Stratusfaction in 2003.
stream	I switched boats mid stream and expected you to follow me.
streaming	Tears were streaming down her cheeks.
stratum	The stratum of ashes was from 50 cm.
streak	The streak is greyish or brownish-black.
streaking	He could see tears streaking down her face in the glow of his light.
streamline	Streamline your appearance with the contouring shadow.
streamer	Explain that you will use the silk streamer to color the drawing!
streamlined	Furniture should be simple and streamlined.
streaky	This labour was followed in 1877 by observations of the surface of Mars, whereon he detected, among other peculiar characters, certain streaky markings or canals, the nature and origin of which is still controversial (see MARS).
streamlet	The Crati, which flows from Cosenza northwards, and then turns abruptly eastward to enter the same gulf, is the only stream worthy of notice in the rugged peninsula of Calabria; while the arid limestone hills projecting eastwards to Capo di Leuca do not give rise to anything more than a mere streamlet, from the mouth of the Ofanto to the south-eastern extremity of Italy.
street	He walked up the street to the next block.
strengthen	The singing lessons were to strengthen her voice.
strength	She'd need her strength for what she planned.
streetcar	It's in a terrific location, close to the Castro and Mission Districts, and a streetcar ride from downtown.
straw	The seniors tried to collect straw and potatoes and, in general, food for the men.
strenuously	As a lawgiver also Birger laboured strenuously in the interests of civilization.
streptococcal	Rheumatic fever-An illness that arises as a complication of an untreated or inadequately treated streptococcal infection of the throat.
streptococci	These organisms include non-hemolytic and alpha-hemolytic streptococci, some Neisseria species, staphylococci, diphtheria and hemophilus organisms, pneumococci, yeasts, and Gram-negative rods.
streptococcus	Other common causative organisms include other Gram-negative aerobes, Streptococcus spp. and anaerobes.
streptokinase	Essentially the action of streptokinase is to boost the fibrinolytic system and remove thrombi which are potentially life-threatening.
strengthened	They are strengthened by numerous square towers.
strep	After a week I recieved a call telling me that no group b strep was present.
strengthening	She forced her hurt deep inside and drew a strengthening breath.
strenuous	Strenuous fighting thereupon ceased.
stretchiness	In addition, it may offer you a perfect fit because of the stretchiness and flexibility of the fabric.
stretcher	This, the stretcher of the cubital quills, is a very interesting muscle.
strew	At the start of each level this grid contains a certain number of colored cubes strew about, and every so often a couple of unmovable cement cubes as well.
strewn	All of the luggage was still strewn about the room.
stressful	Life might get stressful at times with you Carmen, but I'll never be bored.
stress	But I stress the word reasonably.
stretchy	They're made using stretchy, soft Neoprene with soft Lycra binding for maximum comfort, giving you a happier, warmer toddler.
striate	Those such as the former wheat American striate mosaic virus will become Wheat American striate mosaic virus will become Wheat American striate mosaic virus .
stretch	That's a stretch and a tug.
striae	The corolla is generally funnelshaped, more rarely bell-shaped or tubular; the outer face is often marked out in longitudinal areas, five well-defined areas tapering from base to apex, and marked with longitudinal striae corresponding to the middle of the petals, and alternating with five non-striated weaker triangular areas; in the bud the latter are folded inwards, the stronger areas being exposed and showing a twist to the right.
striation	The tracheae are minute tubes exhibiting a faint transverse striation which is probably the indication of a spiral fibre.
strict	I'm under strict orders to keep you safe.
striatum	Sometimes the stamens in the early state of the flower project beyond the petals, and in the progress of growth become included, as in Geranium striatum.
striated	The muscular tissue consists primarily of processes from the bases of the epithelial cells, processes which are contractile in nature and may be distinctly striated.
stride	He paid no attention and continued to stride down the corridor.
stricture	Even where they undergo healing they may cause such a stricture of the calibre of the intestinal canal as to give rise to the symptoms of obstruction which ultimately prove fatal.
stricken	Stricken, she wrapped her arms around her knees and began to cry.
strictness	In a monarchy, despotic or constitutional, there cannot in strictness be an aristocracy, because the whole political power cannot be vested in the noble Venice class.
stretched	There he stretched out his long legs and sipped at the cup of coffee.
stretching	She came to her feet, stretching her body to its maximum height.
strife	But the centre of strife was not to be Arabia.
strident	Its strident voice is heard most loudly at times of great heat, when the song of the birds is hushed.
stridor	Breathing gets increasingly noisy, and a condition known as stridor may occur.
strictly	It has no military and is strictly neutral.
stridulation	It has been suggested that the power of stridulation would be advantageous to wood-boring grubs, the sound warning each of the position of its neighbour, so that adjacent burrowers may not get in each other's way.
striking	He made a striking figure, so tall and lean.
striker	The striker relishedthe thought of bringing New York to a halt.
stringency	Neither Louis Bonaparte nor German douaniers could be trusted to carry out in all their stringency the decrees for the entire exclusion of British commerce from those important regions.
stringed	He was one of the earliest composers for stringed instruments, and Kircher has given one specimen of this class of his works in the Musurgia.
strikingly	The length of her body was strikingly out of proportion to her short legs.
stringently	Assessment Tough laws on migration and asylum stringently enforced.
stringent	He must furnish the proofs, which are collected according to very stringent rules.
strike	He heard the clock strike ten.
stringer	In 1748 a British fleet arrived under Admiral Boscawen and attempted the siege of Pondicherry, while a land force co-operated under Major Stringer Lawrence, whose name afterwards became associated with that of Clive.
stringy	He brushed a mop of stringy hair back from his face.
stringing	Oh, you were stringing me along.
stripling	There I was, a mere stripling of a lad, doing one of his first cameras.
string	Someone tried to string him up.
stripe	The ribbon is red with a central stripe of blue.
strive	I will strive to achieve individuality in every project we do.
stripper	The pins of the stripper and cylinder point in the same direction, but since the surface speed of the cylinder is much greater than the surface speed of the stripper, it follows that the fibre is combed between the two, and that part is carried forward by the cylinder to be reworked.
striven	Private institutions and working-class associations have striven to improve the intellectual conditions of the working classes.
stripping	It scares me, like I'm stripping naked in front of strangers.
strobe	Rotating and fixed gobos, strobe, and image morphing.
stripy	Gasp at his bloated belly, bald head, hunched back and stripy trousers!
stripped	She stripped out of her vest and hid her bag under the sink.
striped	The striped hyena is scattered over the country sparsely.
striptease	Raunchy styles are hard to pull off under your everyday clothes, so it's difficult to wear them all day and reveal them only when you're ready for them to make an appearance later in a striptease or passionate moment.
strip	You've managed to strip all the life out of this place.
strobila	The body, or strobila, consists of a usually minute organ of attachment (scolex or its representative) which is imbedded in the intestinal membrane, and of a series of segments that arise from the base of the scolex and increase in size distally.
strobilus	C, Fertile shoot showing two leaf-sheaths and the terminal strobilus.
stroll	It's a nice morning for a stroll.
stroganoff	Mains might be beef stroganoff with wild rice or sea bass with warm basil & tomato vinaigrette.
strolling	Will I see you playing in your yard or strolling to school?
strode	She strode to the door.
stroma	The fundamental substance or stroma is colorless and homogeneous.
stromata	The ten books of Stromata (in which Origen compared the teaching of the Christians with that of the philosophers, and corroborated all the Christian dogmas from Plato, Aristotle, Numenius and Cornutus) have all perished, with the exception of small fragments; so have the tractates on the resurrection and on freewill.2 6.
strong	He was strong and ready for every duty.
strongyle	Helicon, while Diodorus represents them as historical personages, princes of Thessaly, who defeated the Thracians in Strongyle, i.e.
stroller	There are so many stroller styles to choose from.
strophic	These strophic poems were set to music, and sung by alternating choirs of girls.
strop	She throws a strop saying What's the bloody point, eh?
stroke	With one stroke he lopped the wood in half.
stronghold	Sikukuni's stronghold was captured and his forces disbanded.
strontium	The next group may contain the white calcium, barium and strontium carbonates.
stroppy	A loose collective of unpaid, unloved contributors led by stroppy social misfit Lester Haines.
structuralism	Since them we've had semiotics and structuralism and poststructuralism and God knows what else ism, and the disease seems to have spread.
structuralist	Structuralist semiotics seeks to look behind or beneath the surface of the observed in order to discover the underlying organization of phenomena.
strove	She has finally reached the goal for which she strove so bravely.
struggle	Every struggle is a victory.
struggling	I looked and saw this little fellow struggling in the water.
strudel	The restaurant is known for its strudel, so definitely save room for some dessert.
structurally	No matter how well designed, fishnets are always going to be structurally weak.
strum	For example, with an acoustic guitar, I'll just strum a chord mostly.
struma	Owing to the distribution of the mountain-chains, the principal rivers flow in an easterly or southeasterly direction; the Danube falls into the Black Sea; the Maritza, Mesta, Struma (Strymon), Vardar and Salambria into the Aegean.
struck	I struck out on that.
strut	She told him not to strut around because it made him look silly.
strung	In the Sandwich Islands the nuts are strung upon strips of wood and used as torches.
struthio	Reduction of the number of toes (the fifth shows no traces whatever, not even in Archaeopteryx) begins with the hallux, which is completely or partly absent in many birds; the second toe is absent in Struthio only.
struthious	But it was now made to appear that the struthious birds in this respect resembled, not only the duck, but a great many other groups - waders, birds-of-prey, pigeons, passerines and perhaps all birds not gallinaceous - so that, according to Cuvier's view, the five points of ossification observed in the Gallinae, instead of exhibiting the normal process, exhibited one quite exceptional, and that in all other birds, so far as he had been enabled to investigate the matter, ossification of the sternum began at two points only, situated near the anterior upper margin of the side of the sternum, and gradually crept towards the keel, into which it presently extended; and, though he allowed the appearance of detached portions of calcareous matter at the base of the still cartilaginous keel in ducks at a certain age, he seemed to consider this an individual peculiarity.
strychnine	Alcohol, strychnine and warmth must also be employed.
stubble	He rubbed the stubble on his chin.
structural	Whilst the chances are in favour of some one homoplastic coincidence or structural agreement occurring between some member or other of a large group a and some member or other of a large group b, the matter is very different 2 a o FIG.
stub	If you do not have a payment stub or preaddressed envelope, contact Citibank directly to find out the proper mailing address.
student	The exchange student was growling at her.
stubby	Fritz pointed a stubby finger at her.
stubbornness	His leg was hurt, and only his stubbornness kept him from surrendering to shock.
studding	The position of the detector can be adjusted within the tube by the slots and the brass studding.
stubbornly	No, she retorted stubbornly.
structure	A small door in the stone structure opened.
stucco	Modelling in stucco was extensively used.
studio	They ignored her studio and its contents.
stud	Even if he were a gorgeous stud, I wouldn't become romantically involved with my boss.
stubborn	Your body is stubborn, but you will heal.
stuff	He refused to do stuff like that.
study	I guess I should stay here and study as well, but...
studious	His father was a tradesman of limited means, but of studious character and active mind.
studentship	After four years' schooling at Rugby, Dodgson matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford, in May 1850; and from 1852 till 1870 held a studentship there.
stuffiness	The stuffiness and by the book approach no longer applied, and fashion instead became more about the individual himself.
studiously	For the next four years he kept studiously in the background, waiting his time.
stuffer	The fully trained envelope stuffer sneaks off for expensive lunches, trips to the golf course, learning to fly aeroplanes etc.
stumble	There was no way to know where Lana was; he had to hope to stumble upon her.
studied	He studied her for a moment over the rim of his cup.
stuffy	The room was stuffy and the smell of cigarette smoke still lingered.
stump	Aloe, stump of a tree, as forming the original plough.
stuffing	Just then, Edith returned to the room, holding out three crisp one hundred dollar bills, which she thrust toward Claire who reached out and snatched them, without so much as a thank-you, stuffing them in her purse.
stuck	He'll be stuck to that TV for hours.
stun	Stun guns can offer excellent protection.
stunted	The island is covered with stunted trees.
stunt	I hear they stunt your growth.
stumpy	It was a stumpy figure with a round face and a hat like a black halo.
stunk	A quick perusal of the titles and descriptions might make you realize that they probably didn't sell very well not because of the AO rating, but because they simply stunk.
stung	A bee settling on a flower has stung a child.
stunner	A lovely heavy weight cob who is a proper stunner to look at with the sweetest nature going.
stuntman	He was a stuntman; but, he held a contempt of danger.
stupa	The stupa was circular, 70 ft.
stunningly	He had not been gone long when a stunningly handsome woman appeared.
stupendous	This stupendous task was reserved for a general congress, and it was agreed to meet at Vienna.
stupid	I did a stupid thing last night.
stupor	Rhyn blinked himself out of his stupor enough to steady himself.
stupidity	I asked, immediately realizing the stupidity of the question.
stunning	He was the most stunning man she'd ever seen despite his crooked nose.
stupidly	While the autopsy questioned the day-old curious knife wound in his backside, it was assumed he'd stupidly sat on a very sharp object.
sturdy	He looked it over and commented on the sturdy quality and length.
stutter	People who stutter can get better through therapy.
sturdiness	What you do need to look for is sturdiness.
sturdily	The miller sturdily refused to sell it.
sty	The animals lived in anything from a proper brick sty, to a rough back yard shelter.
stutterer	The caller was a stutterer who wanted information on summer rates and a detailed description of the area.
sturgeon	There is important sturgeon fishing.
stuttering	I backed it up, stuttering it back and forward until I heard Howie's voice.
stylet	Protonemertini, in which there are two layers of dermal muscles, external circular and internal longitudinal; the nervous system lies external to the circular muscles; the mouth lies behind the level of the brain; the proboscis has no stylet; there is no caecum to the intestine.
stylish	But then, he didn't say her taste was stylish - he said it had style.
stylishly	Each episode of this unique show features several small homes under 1,000 square feet that are stylishly decorated.
stylistics	It will use computational stylistics for a formalist discrimination of patterns of language in the texts and will thus begin with a descriptive base.
stylistic	Despite the occasional stylistic infelicity and the overuse of the first person singular, Nettle writes well.
stylistically	The dialog does not sound stylistically like either the Jesus in various Gospels nor Buddha in various sutras.
stylo	Revard (Paris, 1816); Delambre, Traite de l'astronomie theorique et pratique, tome iii.; Histoire de l'astronomie moderne; Methodus technica brevis, perfacilis, ac perpetua construendi Calendarium Ecclesiasticum, Stylo tam novo quam vetere, pro cunctis Christianis Europae populis, F&c., auctore Paulo Tittel (GÃ¶ttingen, 1816); Formole analitsche pel 1 If Saturday, substitute Sunday immediately following.
stylite	Of this second division of John's History, in which he had probably incorporated the socalled Chronicle of Joshua the Stylite, considerable portions are found in the British Museum MSS.
stylobate	The temple is entirely of Pentelic marble, except the foundations and lowest step of the stylobate, which are of Peiraic stone, and the zophoros of the cella, which is in Parian marble.
style	He's got a great sense of style, Linda said with a laugh.
stylist	Definitely some advice from someone who understood make-up better and a real hair stylist who could figure out how to un-pink hair.
stymie	The two-tier system is likely to cause confusion and may stymie development.
stylized	Famous for their Stylized Bees logo our wine decanter & drying stand is perfect for red wine.
styptic	Styptic powder is important to have on hand while clipping your dog's nails.
styrax	It contains about 20% of cinnamic acid in addition to 18 or even more of benzoic. (3) Palembang benzoin, an inferior variety, said to be obtained from Styrax benzoin in Sumatra, consists of greyish translucent resinous masses, containing small white opaque tears.
suasion	The tone of the passage when compared with the disciplinary methods of the synagogue indicates that its purpose was to introduce elements of reason and moral suasion in place of sterner methods.
styx	A bed of Agaricus was found by the writer near the river Styx; and upon this hint an attempt has been made to propagate edible fungi in this locality.
suave	Normally, he looks pretty suave, slightly sophisticated.
stylus	Children use a pointed bone or metal stylus to make marks on the wax.
styrene	The motor mount is again a simple box from 2mm styrene.
styling	If you start styling, you see the falsity in it.
suavity	The decorative sculpture of this epoch, whether combined with architecture or isolated in monumental statuary, ranks for grace and suavity with the best of Sansovino's.
sub	The thought did cross her mind that, although the suits were sub par for Jackson, they were much nicer than any Connor owned.
subacute	Subacute form In subacute form In subacute grass sickness, the signs are similar to those of acute cases but are usually less severe.
subaerial	In the Bryophytes water is still absorbed, not only from the soil but also largely from rain, dew, &c., through the general surface of the subaerial body (thallus), or in the more differentiated forms through the leaves.
subalpine	The larger villages are mostly in the mountain region, but in many parts of the Alps the villages stand in the subalpine region at heights varying from 4000 ft.
subaltern	Its strength is 60 mounted policemen and 190 foot, with II superior and 40 subaltern officers.
subaqueous	A gnat pupa swims through the water by powerful strokes of its abdomen, while the caddis-fly pupa, in preparation for its final ecdysis, bites its way out of its subaqueous protective case and rises through the water, so that the fly may emerge into the air.
subarctic	In the subarctic regions, changes are obvious as large areas of permafrost begin to melt and ice-free sea passages increase.
subatomic	Randi only takes on soft targets who have never read subatomic physics.
subcategory	These are a subcategory within the other types of bikes.
subcaudal	Their body is cylindrical, flexible in every part, covered with smooth or keeled scales, and provided with broad ventral and subcaudal scutes.
subclass	Marsh states that he had fully satisfied himself that Archaeopteryx belonged to the Odontornithes, which he thought it advisable for the present to regard as a subclass, separated into three orders - Odontolcae, Odontotormae and Saururae - all well marked, but evidently not of equal rank, the last being clearly much more widely distinguished from the first two than they are from one another.
subclavian	Each brachiocephalic soon sends off its subclavian, while in the normal or more usual cases the rest proceeds as the carotid trunk, inclusive of the vertebral artery.
subcommittee	Planning subcommittee is now set to take a final decision on June 8.
subclinical	The concept of subclinical anorexia was first examined by researchers in the 1970s.
subcontract	The manufacturer may then subcontract work out to smaller factories below them.
subcontinent	Most of the remaining virus can be found on the Indian subcontinent and Nigeria.
subconsciously	People subconsciously realize this.
subconscious	There are conscious thoughts that you're aware of and subconscious ones that you're not.
subcortical	This large family of diseases overlaps with other conditions including ' double cortex syndrome ' or subcortical band heterotopia.
subcontractor	Generally, a subcontractor will have their own tools and will purchase any required supplies as part of a particular assignment.
subcritical	The first bifurcation of the vertically upward position is a reverse subcritical pitchfork bifurcation denoted by PF2.
subculture	A youth may adopt a subculture only as a result of a media report.
subcutaneous	The collapse must be treated with hot blankets and bottles, and subcutaneous injections of brandy, ether or strychnine.
subcutaneously	In some of those birds which have a peculiarly harsh or trumpeting voice, the trachea is lengthened, forming loops which lie subcutaneously (capercally, curassow), or it enters and dilates the symphysis of the furcula (crested guineafowl); or, e.g.
subcylindrical	The black horns, which are ringed in their basal portion, are comparatively short and not unlike those of the Asiatic serows in general characters, being subcylindrical, and curving slightly backwards.
subdeacon	On the 27th of October 1457 he took part in the trial and condemnation for heresy of Reginald Pecock, bishop of Chichester, who had been ordained subdeacon and deacon on the same day and by the same bishop as Waynflete himself.
subdivide	In India, as in many other countries, employers frequently subdivide their units.
subdivision	It is no more than an interesting subdivision in a general theory.
subdomain	Frequently the subdomain matches the linked phrase, with spaces replaced by underscores or hyphens.
subduction	These areas of volcanic activity are caused by subduction of tectonic plates.
subdue	Ali was obliged to subdue him, a task which he effected not without difficulty.
subdued	The beast inside her was subdued, waiting.
subentry	Each subschema subentry holds an operational attribute called governing subentry, whose value is its own distinguished name.
subequal	The short and broad teeth terminate in four subequal toes, protected by short rounded hoofs, and all reaching the ground.
suberization	The cell-membrane may become modified by the process of lignification, suberization, cuticularization or gelatinization.
subfamily	There is one peculiar subfamily, Todinae, represented by only four species of Todus.
subgenus	Next we have the living African species, representing the subgenus Diceros, in which there are two horns but no front teeth.
subglacial	In certain districts the subglacial till was not spread out in a smooth plain, but accumulated in elliptical mounds, 100 or 200 ft.
subgroup	A subgroup of the 1960 culture was the hippies.
subhuman	For what it's worth, I apologize for treating you like you were subhuman.
subjective	In the notion of a teleological connexion and in that which for spirit is its subjective expression, viz.
subjectively	Specifically, S is subjectively justified in believing pecifically, S is subjectively justified in believing p insofar as S is epistemically virtuous in believing p.
subjacent	Salicyclic acid is not absorbed by the skin, but it rapidly kills the cells of the epidermis, without affecting the immediately subjacent cells of the dermis.
subjectivism	Feuerbach labours under the same difficulty as Fichte; both thinkers strive in vain to reconcile the religious consciousness with subjectivism.
subjectivity	This subjectivity, however, does not make value arbitrary or trivial.
subjugation	Monk completed the subjugation of Scotland by 1654.
subject	She forced the subject from her mind.
subjugate	Charles determined to subjugate the island and sailed with his fleet for Messina.
subjection	Here they had their headquarters and held Russia in subjection for nearly three centuries.
subjunctive	As a reward, I finally understand the subjunctive!
sublimation	The salt, it appeared, was obtained by simple sublimation from soot.
sublime	Demetrius calls his statues sublime, and at the same time precise.
sublet	It should be mentioned that the Bagdad Railway Company has sublet the working of the line to the Anatolian Railway Company at the rate of £148 per kilometre, as against the £180 per kilometre guaranteed by the Turkish government The line from Mustafa-Pasha to Vakarel now lies in the kingdom of Bulgaria.
subliminal	These open offices where people were constantly moving and passing behind stationary workers created a situation known as Subliminal Distraction.
sublimate	Note whether any moisture condenses on the cooler parts of the tube, a gas is evolved, a sublimate formed, or the substance changes colour.
sublimely	A classic comfort in a contemporary design, our exclusive chaise is a sublimely indulgent and highly stylish addition to your home.
sublimity	They are written in the Doric dialect, with epic licences; the metre is dactylico-trochaic. Brief as they are, they show us what Longinus meant by calling Stesichorus most like Homer; they are full of epic grandeur, and have a stately sublimity that reminds us of Pindar.
sublittoral	No sublittoral populations became bleached and there was often a clear disjunction between littoral bleached and sublittoral unbleached plants.
sublingual	In these cases, you can purchase a sublingual form of the vitamin for better absorption.
sublunary	Has there been anything immortal in it, which will survive the speedy wreck of all sublunary things?
submariner	Dalton was the only Bond to wear a date submariner.
submarine	A submarine cable connects the town with Zanzibar.
submaxillary	Salivary glands, of which the most constant are the parotid and the submaxillary, are always present in terrestrial mammals.
submerge	The purpose was to decrease the floods which sometimes threaten to entirely submerge the city.
submergence	The subjection of the core to a hydraulic pressure of four tons to the square inch and an electric pressure of 5000 volts from an alternating-current transformer has been adopted, by one manufacturer at least, to secure the detection of masked faults which might develop themselves after submergence.
submerged	The submerged stems are slender or hollow.
submersed	Surf Safe Surf Safe keeps small valuables clean and dry, even when submersed in water.
submersion	Lung problems can develop 12 or more hours after submersion.
submerse	Remember, it's not a good idea to submerse your bare skin in deck cleaning solutions.
submersible	We hook a few submersible containers to the back of the sub.
submissive	Natasha went back to her father in the other box, now quite submissive to the world she found herself in.
submicron	The high temperatures also burn off submicron organic particles.
submissively	Shah Rukh submissively followed in his train.
submontane	It still exists in places along the tarsi or submontane fringe of the Himalayas.
submucosa	The walls of the GI tract have four layers of tissue, called mucosa, submucosa, muscularis externa, and serosa.
submission	Simplicity is submission to God.
submultiple	The relation of submultiple is the converse of that of multiple; thus if a is I of b, then b is 5 times a.
submit	He gave us access to a web site on which to submit our information.
subnormal	The postoperative briefing to all patients on discharge ensured that those with any problem or subnormal vision reported back to the hospital.
suborbital	In the meantime, Blue Origin is working on another suborbital craft.
subordinate	He put on the air of a subordinate who obeys without reasoning.
suborder	In ordinary language the name is used for any species of Siphonaptera (otherwise known as Aphaniptera), which, though formerly regarded as a suborder of Diptera, are now considered to be a separate order of insects.
subordination	When Arius asserted the subordination of the Son to the Father, and denied the eternal generation, Athanasius and his party asserted the Homoousia, the cosubstantiality of the Father and the Son.
suboxide	However, in 1833, Berzelius reverted to his earlier opinion that oxygenated radicals were incompatible with his electrochemical theory; he regarded benzoyl as an oxide of the radical C 14 H 1Q, which he named picramyl (from 7rucp6s, bitter, and &uvyalk, almond), the peroxide being anhydrous benzoic acid; and he dismissed the views of Gay Lussac and Dumas that ethylene was the radical of ether, alcohol and ethyl chloride, setting up in their place the idea that ether was a suboxide of ethyl, (C2H5)20, which was analogous to K 2 0, while alcohol was an oxide of a radical C 2 H 6; thus annihilating any relation between these two compounds.
subplot	The other subplot is the pursuit of the diamonds distributed by Gustav Graves, which goes back to the opening sequence.
subpoena	However, Brennan thought a subpoena might force them to respond.
subprefecture	In 1814 it became the chief town of a district, in 1831 of a province, and in 1860 with Umbria became part of the kingdom of Italy, and became a subprefecture.
subprefect	Fontainebleau is the seat of a subprefect and has a tribunal of first instance and a communal college.
subregion	The natural division of the subregion is that into an African and a Madagascar province.
subroutine	Determining the Context As mentioned above, you can determine the context of the currently executing subroutine in Perl with wantarray.
subsample	Fifty-nine children and a subsample of 10 children of the same age who attended specialist regional schools participated in further investigations.
subscript	A vector with a nonlinear subscript is processed as a list vector.
subsection	A subsection of the resulting tree of mouse phenotypes can be seen in the tool interface example.
subscriber	It is not practicable to connect each subscriber directly to all the others, hence a system of exchanges has been adopted.
subsequent	Almost nothing is known of the subsequent history of the poet.
subsequence	If one sequence is an initial subsequence of the other, the shorted sequence is the smaller one.
subsequently	He subsequently wrote an account of his experiences.
subservient	Should I be fearful or subservient?
subserviency	Thanks to the blind complaisance of its democrats and the timid subserviency of its once haughty oligarchs, he became master of its fleet and arsenal (16th of May 1797).
subserve	The corky layers which take so prominent a share in the formation of the bark are similarly modified and subserve the same purpose.
subservience	Labor, Miliband showed, maintained an unremitting subservience to crown, imperialism and property.
subscription	The subscription remained open.
subsidiary	The question of subsidiary councils remained to be settled.
subset	The search system uses a subset of the administrative data.
subside	The flood of nations begins to subside into its normal channels.
subscribe	Long ago she had learned that many people didn't subscribe to her morals.
subsidence	After the subsidence came another period of uplift, possibly still in progress.
subsist	It marks the relations which subsist between all members of the plant world, including those between existing groups and those which are known only from their fossilized remains preserved in the rocks.
subsistence	A life-renter can only grant a lease that is effectual during the subsistence of the life-rent.
subsidize	This vast domain has been utilized to provide homes for settlers, to encourage education, to subsidize railways, and to build the state capitol.
subsidy	The company receives a heavy subsidy from the national government.
subsonic	The barrel was short and the bullet emerged at subsonic speed.
subsoil	It rests on a subsoil of clay and marl.
subspace	The critical angles between the blocks subspace and the treatments subspace of the data space give the canonical efficiency factors.
subsoiling	Many planters question the wisdom of deepbreaking and subsoiling.
subspecies	But it will free this account of them from embarrassments if they be looked upon as a distinct subspecies of Homo sapiens.
substandard	I have heard that the stuff from Asia is often substandard.
substantial	The check was for a substantial amount.
substantiality	The doctrine of indifference as it appears in later writers certainly tends, as Prantl points out, towards Nominalism, inasmuch as it gives up the substantiality of the universals.
substantiate	There is not one shred of evidence to substantiate the allegations made.
substance	The future system I foresee will not be different in substance, but only in degree.
substantially	In the cold weather the temperature in Nagpur and the other hot districts is about the same as in Calcutta and substantially higher than that of northern India.
substation	Painter Brothers supplied tower steelwork Raynesway Construction Services worked on substation civil works.
substitute	I was positive all she did was substitute a different one for each letter in the alphabet.
substitutional	Bubble raft sequence 3 A vacancy, dislocation, substitutional solute and interstitial solute identified.
substitutionary	It was from the Moravians that Schleiermacher learnt his religion, and they even made a passing impression on Goethe; but both these men were repelled by their doctrine of the substitutionary sufferings of Christ.
substrata	It is apparent that in many cases lichens are quite indifferent to the substrata on which they occur, whence we infer that the preference of several for certain substrata depends upon the temperature of the locality or that of the special habitat.
substrate	Any laminate floor can be installed as a floating floor, meaning that it isn't glued to the substrate.
substitution	The conversation turned back to the substitution of the skeleton and the theft of the small bone from their room.
substruction	Some portions of the ancient town walls - of two enceintes, an inner and an outer, the former attributed to the original Umbrian inhabitants, the latter to the Romans - are preserved, and also remains of baths, amphitheatre, theatre, and a substruction wall of massive masonry, with four niches.
substratum	In the first place, buds may be produced only from the hydrorhiza, which grows out and branches to form a basal stolon, typically net-like, spreading over the substratum to which the founderpolyp attached itself.
subsumption	A general scheme of principles of conduct is possible, but the subsumption of special cases under these must remain matter of tact.
substructure	The Temple of Zeus, south of the Pelopium, stood on a high substructure with three steps.
subsurface	Physical properties provide critical interpretive links between geophysical measurements and evaluation of subsurface geology and state conditions.
subsystem	Each non-market subsystem of our mixed economy operates under constraints of its own.
subtenant	But as between the subtenant and his immediate lessor the subtenancy will be good, and should the interest of the lessor become greater than it was when the subtenancy was created the subtenant will have the benefit of it.
subterfuge	The lack of labeling may give an impression of subterfuge.
subtend	Note that the relative poses of the vehicles in Figure 5 are stable even tho the vehicles subtend only a few pixels.
subterminal	Genital opening subterminal behind the last pair of legs; oviduct with receptaculum seminis, without receptaculum ovorum; unpaired part of vas deferens very short; accessory glands two, opening medianly and dorsally.
subterranean	Many of the lakes are connected by subterranean channels, and a change in the surface of one lake is often accompanied by a change in the surface of another.
subterraneous	The Hindus assert that the stream joins the other two rivers underground, and in a subterraneous temple below the fort a little moisture trickling from the rocky walls is pointed out as the waters of the Saraswati.
subtle	It was a subtle shade of gray.
subtitle	The subtitle of the article appears to contain a slight misprint.
subtlety	It is, in fact, important rather as a rhetorcial subtlety than as a serious argu ment.
subtly	He'd watched Sean subtly steer people away from it.
subtotal	A subtotal hysterectomy removes the uterus leaving the cervix in place.
subtraction	As an illustration, we may take the elementary processes of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division.
subtract	To subtract, we may proceed in either of two ways.
subtractive	Our reproduction of subtractive synthesis with TAE® guarantees the sound quality of the instrument.
subtriangular	The first of the series (which appears to have no predecessor) single-lobed; the other four composed of two lobes, each subtriangular in section.
subtropical	The climate is subtropical, cool and bracing in winter but insufferably hot in summer.
subtype	Adult-onset primary dystonia This is a rare subtype of focal dystonia.
subungual	The nail is thickened and opaque, with subungual hyperkeratosis and onycholysis.
suburban	The suburban cities and towns have each a town hall.
subumbrella	The umbrella-like body bears a circle of tentacles at the edge, whereby the body can be divided into a convex exumbrella or exumbral surface and a concave subumbrella or subumbral surface.
suburb	There is a suburb on the right bank of the stream.
suburbia	The hills and farmlands gradually turned to inner suburbia and then to the harshness of urban streets, choked tightly with the crush, smells and sounds of the city.
subvention	The government paid the company a subvention of f3935 monthly.
subversion	The most fearful scenes were the result of this high-handed subversion of all existing order.
subversive	He became a journalist, and at an early stage of his career had the first of his many experiences of imprisonment for the subversive tendency of his writings.
subway	Then you'd get on the bus or subway and go to the polling place and vote.
subvert	Buffy the Vampire Slayer characters subvert the traditional roles from horror films.
succeed	If I succeed, I want my powers back.
successful	He was successful, in varying degrees in locating ninety-six.
successfully	Culture yeasts have also been successfully employed in the manufacture of wine and cider.
successional	Sow carrots, turnips, early celery, also aubergines or egg-plants, capsicums, tomatoes and successional crops of kidney-beans; cauliflower and Brussels sprouts, in gentle heat, to be afterwards planted out.
success	Each success has some failure along the way.
successive	His great work appeared in successive parts - e.g.
succinctly	Dean explained, as succinctly as possible, their concern for this child who'd spent six months in their care.
succession	The next turn found her on a narrow two lane highway that was a succession of curves.
successively	Eight supplements were successively published between 1805 and 1817, and in 1822 a new edition was required.
succinct	Realworterbuch gives a succinct account of the older views.
successor	She is the Ruler destined to be my successor, for she is a Royal Princess.
succinic	Prominent among these are glycerin and succinic acid.
succinite	Succinite has a hardness between 2 and 3,.
succor	In their mortal peril the Greeks turned to us for succor.
succour	Sheltered by him they could await foreign succour or a reaction at home.
succubi	Another class of nocturnal demons are the incubi and succubi, who are said to consort with human beings in their sleep; in the Antilles these were the ghosts of the dead; in New Zealand likewise ancestral deities formed liaisons with females; in the Samoan Islands the inferior gods were regarded as the fathers of children otherwise unaccounted for; the Hindus have rites prescribed by which a companion nymph may be secured.
succubus	The incubus and succubus of the middle ages are sometimes regarded as spiritual beings; but they were held to give very real proof of their bodily existence.
succumb	Even good leaders eventually succumb to the pressure of the ruling class.
succulent	The meal ends with a succulent dessert and cocktails.
suck	Deidre tried to suck in deep breaths.
suchlike	The flowers and turf, a wild strawberry, a rare butterfly, and suchlike little intimate things had become more interesting than mountains.
sucker	The body is composed of a small and limited number of segments (not more than fourteen), and there is a sucker at each end of the body.
suckling	Gradually Matthew's suckling slowed and he fell asleep.
such	I never saw such small pigs before.
suckle	Calves suckle with their mouths and not with their trunks.
sucrose	There are no published EMs of material banding in sucrose density gradients.
suction	In most insects that feed by suction the mandibles are modified.
sucking	The thumb went to her mouth and she started sucking it vigorously as she eyed the newcomer suspiciously.
sudanese	He brought away with him 8000 Sudanese men, women, children and slaves, under Selim Bey (an Egyptian officer).
suctorial	They have a well-developed proboscis which is used as a suctorial organ; some are abyssal, but the majority are either commensals or parasites of Echinoderms.
sudden	She smiled up at him, feeling a sudden need for levity.
sudd	This lake is the home of many sudd plants of the swimming variety - papyrus and ambach are absent.
suddenness	The remarkable suddenness with which such changes are brought about is not to be wondered at when the true cause is considered.
sudra	The serf, the Sudra, was not to worship the gods of the Aryan freemen.
sudsy	Everwood television show producers had hoped that the sudsy serial would be renewed for a fifth season when The WB and UPN merged to form The CW Television Network.
suds	You may not get the suds you're used to when you make your own shampoo.
suddenly	Why would she suddenly remember that phrase?
suet	A suet lid seals the pudding, which is then steamed.
sue	I'm good at spotting trends, so sue me.
sufferance	There is no tenancy by sufferance against the crown.
suffer	Don't let him suffer because of me.'
suffering	He isn't suffering now.
sufferer	During these wanderings, Pierre noticed that he was spoken of now as the Seeker, now as the Sufferer, and now as the Postulant, to the accompaniment of various knockings with mallets and swords.
suede	The walls were covered in suede, she realized as she placed a hand against one.
suffice	These will suffice to give a general idea of the mean values met with.
sufficient	There is commonly sufficient space about us.
sufficiency	These researches led to a wide discussion of the sufficiency of the law of uniformly varying stress when applied to horizontal joints as a test of the stability of dams. Professor Karl Pearson showed that the results are dependent upon the assumption that the distribution of the vertical stresses on the base of the structure also followed the law of uniformly varying stress.
suffix	It is remarkable in how many marshy places this -co- or -ca- suffix is used.
sufficing	North of this region the surface of the province is of most fertile soil, the ordinary rainfall sufficing for agriculture.
suffocate	The air of the chamber stilled and grew heavy, as if it meant to suffocate him.
sufficiently	I cannot sufficiently commend that view.
suffocating	She entered the forest, and the darkness was crushing, suffocating her.
suffocation	You never want to create a suffocation risk for your child.
suffragan	At the head of the Argentine hierarchy are one archbishop and five suffragan bishops, who have five seminaries for the education of the priesthood.
suffragette	It is said that underneath her jacket was found a suffragette flag tied round her body.
suffragist	She was one of the first British female doctors (1892) and an active suffragist.
suffrage	The right of suffrage is confined by the constitution to adult male citizens who have resided in the state for one year.
sufi	The origin of the way of the Sufi thus lies in the prophetic Sunna.
sufism	Sufism (q.v.) appears in the 9th century among the Mahommedans of Persia as a kind of reaction against the rigid monotheism and formalism of Islam.
sugar	I always bring Diablo a sugar cube.
sugared	Each favor consists of five sugared almonds wrapped in a layer of fabric or placed in a special box.
sugary	All the men save a small crew rowed to the beach of sugary sands.
sugarless	Sorbitol is an artificial sweetener found in many sugar-free products, such as sugarless gum or diet foods.
suggest	I suggest you take the advice.
suggestion	The boy smiled at the suggestion, but Shipton shook his head no.
suggestible	Now here's the trouble; we humans are very suggestible.
suggestively	The dark eyes twinkled suggestively.
suggestive	His voice was soft and suggestive.
sui	Yet while, in its application to history, Hegel's theory of evolution has points of resemblance with those doctrines which seek to explain the worldprocess as one unbroken progress occurring in time, it constitutes on the whole a theory apart and sui generis.
suggestiveness	Perles' essays are rich in suggestiveness, and have been the starting-point of much fruitful research.
suicide	The suicide note cut off any reason for investigation.
suicidal	Ashley was suicidal for two years after their deaths.
suitable	This would be suitable with you?
suitability	All pushchair reviews submitted wil be reviewed for suitability.
suitcase	The suitcase didn't seem that heavy at the time.
suitably	We are suitably impressed that Da Vinci sketched a design for a submarine and a flying machine.
suit	He always looked nice, but normally he would have worn a suit for the occasion.
suiting	The great man, resplendent in the best suiting that Saville Row can provide is truly the Master of Wine.
suitor	If a suitor changed his mind, he forfeited the presents.
suite	She was in the living area of his suite again.
sulfa	Littre, however, takes the word to be Old Celtic, and meaning genius, and states that it occurs in such forms as sulfa, sylfi, &c., in inscriptions, or latinized as sulevae or suleviae.
sulcus	In these the tentacles are stunted or suppressed and the mesenteries are ill-developed, but the sulcus is unusually large and has long cilia.
sulfide	Humans can smell hydrogen sulfide gas, the smell of rotten cabbage, in the parts per trillion range.
sulfite	Another important reaction of sulfur dioxide is with the base calcium oxide to form calcium sulfite (calcium sulphate(IV) ).
sulfate	He currently works on how different tropospheric aerosols such as sea-salt, sulfate aerosol, biomass aerosol interact with clouds.
suited	The Grand Duke was there because it suited him to be.
sulfurous	Scientists have identified the sulfurous gas as dimethylsulfide (DMS).
sulk	He appeared to sulk for a moment then grew thoughtful.
sulfur	The air was tinged with the scent of burning wood and melted metals, sulfur, and the facility's damp mustiness.
sulfuric	Acid rain is produced when sulfuric acid particles enter the atmosphere and adhere to water droplets in the air.
sulky	The controlling levers and draught arrangements are similar to those in the sulky plough.
sullenly	She sullenly glanced back at the group of men.
sullen	Vinnie was as sullen as a three-year-old.
sullied	Ashes and dirt sullied his uniform and made him sneeze.
sully	The terms in which it is drawn up do not sully God's holiness by suffering sin to abound in His own.
sulphonic	This compound is readily oxidized to benzoic acid, C 6 H 5 000H, the aromatic residue being unattacked; nitric and sulphuric acids produce nitro-toluenes, C6H4 CH3 N02j and toluene sulphonic acids, C 6 H 4 CH 3 SO 3 H; chlorination may result in the formation of derivatives substituted either in the aromatic nucleus or in the side chain; the former substitution occurs most readily, chlor-toluenes, C 6 H 4 CH 3 Cl, being formed, while the latter, which needs an elevation in temperature or other auxiliary, yields benzyl chloride, C 6 H 5 CH 2 C1, and benzal chloride, C 6 11 5 CHC1 2.
sulphite	This salt may be prepared by digesting flowers of sulphur with sodium sulphite solution or by boiling sulphur with milk of lime.
sulphide	They are precipitated from their alkaline solutions as cobalt sulphide by sulphuretted hydrogen, but this precipitation is prevented by the presence of citric and tartaric acids; similarly the presence of ammonium salts hinders their precipitation by caustic alkalis.
sulphonate	A thiophenol, C 6 H 5 SH, is known, and is prepared by the action of phosphorus pentasulphide on phenol, or by distilling a mixture of sodium benzene sulphonate and potassium sulphydrate.
sulphate	This outlet having been closed by small stones and sulphate of lime cement, the pit is filled with sulphur ore, which is heaped up considerably beyond the edge of the pit and covered with a layer of burnt-out ore.
sulphureous	The waters are chalybeate, sulphureous and saline, and some of the springs possess all these qualities to a greater or less extent.
sulphurous	The solution of the gas in water is used under the name of sulphurous acid.
sulphur	This is the sulphur showers we hear of.
sultana	The rule went to the sultana, and her trusted agent Ibn AbI Amir Mahommed ben Abdallahan Arab of noble descent, who in his early life was a scribe, and who rose by making himself useful first to the ministers and to the favorite wife.
sultanate	For a long period it was included in the sultanate of Tlemcen, and in the 16th century fell to the Turks.
sultriness	The sultriness was present, along with the calm steadiness of her blue gaze.
sulu	Leaving Hampton Roads on the 18th of August 1838, it Mopped at Madeira and Rio de Janeiro; visited Tierra del Fuego, Chile, Peru, the Paumotu group of the Low Archipelago, the Samoan islands and New South Wales; from Sydney sailed into the Antarctic Ocean in December 1839 and reported the discovery of an Antarctic continent west of the Balleny islands; visited the Fiji and the Hawaiian islands in 1840, explored the west coast of the United States, including the Columbia river, San Francisco Bay and the Sacramento river, in 1841, and returned by way of the Philippine islands, the Sulu archipelago, Borneo, Singapore, Polynesia and the Cape of Good Hope, reaching New York on the 10th of June 1842.
sultry	The weather had turned sultry but there was a cool breeze out on the patio by the barbecue.
sulphuric	Sulphuric acid dissolves it, forming a deepred solution.
sultan	The whole district is the private property of the sultan of Turkey.
sumerian	The so-called Sumerian Family Laws are thus preserved.
sumac	Those are sumac bushes.
sumach	Wild ginger, elder and sumach are common, and in the mountain areas, rhododendrons, mountain laurel and azaleas.
sum	The score against him reached the fateful sum of forty-three thousand.
summarily	Any suggestion of an open window shade or even a night-light was summarily dismissed.
summarize	Here we can only summarize the points of the investigation.
summary	When I finished they turned to me for a summary.
summer	It was warm and sweet, like a summer rain.
summation	In such cases the immediate damage done may be slight; but the effects of prolonged action and the summation of numerous attacks at numerous points are often enormotis, certain of these leafdiseases costing millions sterling annually to some planting and agricultural communities.
summertime	We can only hope that the great British summertime does it justice.
summery	I want to dress in lighter colors in order to feel more summery.
summing	No effective unity can follow from it, because you can only find out the right and wrong of a given course by summing up the advantages and disadvantages, and striking a balance, and there is nothing in the Religion of Humanity to force two men to find the balance onthesame side.
summoner	As such, the beadle goes back to early Teutonic times; he was probably attached to the moot as its messenger or summoner, being under the direction of the reeve or constable of the leet.
summon	Kris attempted to summon a portal.
sumo	Fair play also to the chap donning the sumo suit, much amusement provided all-round.
summit	There was a rest area at the summit already crowded with rid­ers.
summons	The soft summons made her pause.
sump	Drainage channels are provided, usually along the main haulage roads, by which the water flows to a sump excavated at the pump shaft.
sumptuous	A sumptuous banquet took place, followed by a distribution of doles and garlands.
sumptuary	He passed many sumptuary laws, and issued an edict forbidding the over-cultivation of vines to the neglect of corn-growing.
sun	The sun was warm.
sumptuousness	A new standard of sumptuousness and splendour was set up in the richest stratum of society.
sumptuously	The town is on the whole sumptuously built, with broad and regular streets.
sunbathe	Check out the huge sun terrace where you can sunbathe all day long in summer.
sunbeam	Sunbeam makes three types of lids and covers.
sunblock	How can I afford to buy so much sunblock?
sunburn	The effects of frost and of sunburn are frequently quite local.
sunburnt	They are a white race, though often sunburnt and bronzed for generations, and both their children and those who have lived in the cities might pass anywhere as Europeans.
sunburned	Fair-skinned, pale, freckled individuals are more likely to get sunburned than individuals with darker skin.
sunburst	In addition it is faced with flamed maple veneer finished in a cherry sunburst.
sundae	In spite of the fact that you're as nutty as a full course sundae, you're a nice guy.
sundew	The hollows, rich in S. cuspidatum, are occasionally fringed by great sundew Drosera anglica.
sundown	Of his later books of verse may be mentioned The Tent on the Beach (1867), The Pennsylvania Pilgrim (1872), The Vision of Echard (1878), The King's Missive (1881), At Sundown, his last poems (1890).
sundial	He constructed a sundial on a buttress of the Chapel.
sundry	Sundry experiments have been made to adapt esparto for use in the coarser textile fabrics.
sundowner	The question is, where will you have that sundowner?
sunday	Sunday dawned a sunny hot July day.
sunfish	We saw a group of bull rays, the biggest barracuda I have ever seen and 4 sunfish.
sundries	The shops now sell pet sundries - but not live animals - after threats were made to some people in the trade.
sunken	There is profound collapse, the features are sunken, the skin moist and cyanosed.
sung	A little bird had already sung the good news in my ear; but it was doubly pleasant to have it straight from you.
sunflower	The Sunflower genus, of which there are several.
sunless	With declining prices for farm produce came that year of unhappy memory, 1879, when persistent rains and an almost sunless summer ruined the crops and reduced many farmers to a state of destitution.
sunlit	She looked again at the sunlit courtyard beyond her window.
sunk	The stones were sunk in the sand now, covered by a couple inches of water.
sunna	He studied the Koran and its traditions (hadith, sunna) there and on a student journey through Mesopotamia, Arabia and Syria.
sunlight	Sunlight streamed in through the propped door.
sunni	The Malays to-day are Sunni Mahommedans of the school of Shafi`i, and the y habitually use the terms Orang Malayu, i.e.
sunny	The day was sunny and mild – a perfect day for riding.
sunnite	The Caucasian races (except the Gregorians), together with the Turks and Tatars, are Mussulmans of the Sunnite sect (2,021,300), and the Iranian races mostly Mussulmans of the Shiite sect (884, too).
sunrise	Next morning at sunrise, the battle was renewed.
sunset	After sunset the wind had dropped.
sunray	One style that is popular choice for both boys and girls is the Sunray Sandal.
sunshade	The styles all have matching magnetic polarized sunshade clip-ons.
sunspot	In both cases the rise to a maximum is more rapid than the decline to a minimum, and in fact some of the minor peculiarities of the sunspot curve are closely imitated by the light-curves of variable stars.
sunstroke	It is also used to treat sunstroke and painful menstruation.
suntan	He had a lean athletic body, like a surf lifesaver, but without the suntan.
sunshine	I am very glad because I love the warm sunshine and the fragrant flowers.
suomi	Perhaps the etymology ought to be sought in quite another direction, namely, in the likeness to Suomi.
sup	Mr. Finney and his wife Both sat down to sup; And they ate, and they ate, They ate the turnip up.
super	We all have super powers.
superabundance	In a world of economic superabundance, people will no longer tolerate poverty.
superabundant	On the other hand, yellows are superabundant in autumn, and therefore reds and blues should then be sought for.
substantive	In other cases the pronunciation can be ascertained only from the context, as in use, unvoiced for the substantive, voiced for the verb.
superannuated	I think its safe to assume that we'll both be rather superannuated by the time our number is up.
superannuation	Next year he was appointed captain of the steam reserve at Portsmouth; and after serving three years in that capacity, he remained at Portsmouth as flag-captain to the commander-in-chief until 1886, when he was retired by superannuation before he had attained flag rank.
superblock	Only devices which have an md superblock which contains the right identity will be considered for any array.
supercargo	As clerk (1795) and then as supercargo (1796, 1798, 1799) he made four long voyages; and, being an excellent navigator, he afterwards (1802) commanded a vessel, instructing his crews in lunar and other observations.
superbus	When Tarquinius Superbus desired to build a temple to Jupiter, the auguries forbade its removal, and it was enclosed within the walls of the new sanctuary, an indication of the immovability of such stones and of the permanence of the Roman territory.
superb	He thought Josh was a superb farmer.
supercilious	It is better to be humble and succeed than to be supercilious and fail.
supercharger	Plus having the supercharger at the front will mean the weight will be lower.
superclass	This is implemented to return null if the layout is invalid, otherwise the superclass behavior is executed.
superconducting	Often the magnet is a superconducting solenoid coil which requires cooling to the temperature of liquid helium.
supercomputer	The bill also gives the NSF a separate $ 45 million to build a supercomputer.
supercooled	Special emphasis will be laid on the diagnostic of hail and supercooled water and on the discrimination between rain and snow.
superconductor	The superconductor was then incinerated in a furnace... A moving electron is flying compared to the motion of the heavier ions.
superconductivity	The Princess saw a range of practical demonstrations on topics which included superconductivity and crystal patterns seen with lasers.
supercritical	These groundbreaking studies could see supercritical fluids spearheading a truly green alternative for the global chemical industry.
superego	In psychoanalysis, this voice is called the superego, which Freud conceived as the infantile internalizing of parental authority.
superelevation	If therefore the outer rail is laid at a level above that of the inner rail at the curve, overturning will be resisted more than would be the case if both rails were in the same horizontal plane, since the tilting of the vehicle due to this superelevation diminishes the overturning moment, and also increases the restoring moment, by shortening in the one case and lengthening in the other the lever arms at which the respective forces act.
supererogatory	But all these mythological explanations are supererogatory, since the actual legend in question can be definitely traced to the pamphlet of 1602.
superfamily	It is proposed that each core gene might represent a unique superfamily.
superficiality	He hoped by these means to give a certain stability to his projected institution, and to avoid the superficiality of mere enthusiasm.
superficially	He did this fully and carefully in the gospels, but somewhat superficially in the epistles.
superfluity	It is unusual to find a superfluity allowance in respect of a single item of plant.
superfluous	Superfluous wealth can buy superfluities only.
superficial	The sentences are much longer and less vivacious, as any one can see by a superficial examination.
superfine	It is also known as superfine sugar in the US.
superficies	But these seemed very great difficulties, and I have almost thought them insuperable, when I further considered, that every irregularity in a reflecting superficies makes the rays stray 5 or 6 times more out of their due course, than the like irregularities in a refracting one; so that a much greater curiosity would be here requisite, than in figuring glasses for Refraction.
supergiant	Thus the star expends energy at a very high rate and may well become a red supergiant.
supergroup	All the Swedish supergroup 's greatest hits are performed live with on-screen lyrics so everyone can join in.
superheater	The mixture of hydrochloric acid and air is taken directly from the decomposing-pan of an ordinary salt-cake furnace, is first cooled down in pipes sufficiently to condense most of the moisture present 1 ?i; \\'\\` (together with about 8% of the hydrochloric acid), and then passed through a cast-iron superheater and from this into the decomposer.
superheating	Steam at high pressure exhausting into the atmosphere is still commonly used, but the great power required for raising heavy loads from deep pits at high speeds has brought the question of fuel economy into prominence, and more economical types of the two-cylinder tandem compound class with high initial steam pressure, superheating and condensing, have come in to some extent where the amount of work to be done is sufficient to justify their high initial cost.
superhighway	You can enjoy them only at the electronic superhighway .
superhuman	Such authority must be superhuman, otherwise it can have no claim on our respect; it must, therefore, be divine.
superimpose	Using Photoshop you can edit a picture's brightness or contrast, superimpose someone into a photo, adjust the color and hue, as well as change the output mode and format.
superincumbent	But no care in construction can prevent the compression of the mass as the superincumbent weight comes upon it.
superintend	American experts are frequently employed to superintend the estates and factories.
superintendence	The question of road superintendence received early attention from the government of the restoration.
superintendency	He was against the Leipzig Interim (1548) with its compromise on some Catholic usages, and was involved in controversies and quarrels; with Georgius Merula, against whom he maintained the need of exorcism in baptism; with Osiander's adherents in the matter of justification; with his colleague, Nicholas von Amsdorf, to whom he had resigned the Eisenach superintendency; with Flacius Illyricus, and others.
superiority	The moral superiority of Christianity to paganism was speedily obvious.
superior	As a horsemaster he was far superior to Murat.
superlative	The judges found it difficult to pick the person with the superlative performance in the talent show.
superintendent	The state supervision is vested in a state superintendent, who is elected for a term of four years.
superman	She didn't know what Damian was, but he was beyond Superman powerful.
supermarket	You went to a supermarket to buy a toothbrush.
supernatant	The liquid is now run into neutralizing tanks containing sodium carbonate, and, after settling, the supernatant liquid, termed light liquor, is run through bag filters and then on to bone-char filters, which have been previously used for the heavy liquor.
supernatural	Some humans are born with unique, supernatural talents.
supernaturalist	Hugh James Rose had published in England (1825) a volume of sermons on the rationalist movement (The State of the Protestant Religion in Germany), in which he classed Bretschneider with the rationalists; and Bretschneider contended that he himself was not a rationalist in the ordinary sense of the term, but a rational supernaturalist.
supernaturalism	Among these were to be found the most sordid opportunism and the most heroic self-effacement, the crassest supernaturalism and - the loftiest conceptions of practical morality.
supernaturally	Thomas Wilson, in the epistle prefixed to his translation of the Olynthiacs of Demosthenes (1570), has a long and most interesting eulogy of Cheke; and Thomas Nash, in To the Gentlemen Students, prefixed to Robert Greene's Menaphon (1589), calls him the Exchequer of eloquence, Sir Ihon Cheke, a man of men, supernaturally traded in all tongues.
supernormal	Firstly, it suggests the supernormal level to which the Apostolic consciousness was raised at a bound by the direct influence of the Founder of Christianity, and justifies the marking-off of the Apostolic writings as a Canon, or body of Christian classics of unique religious authority.
supernova	Lukas Rossi is the newest rockstar, but he won't be a SuperNova.
supernumerary	We know this from the three widely spaced colored supernumerary bows.
superoxide	The superoxide anion radical can also result in the formation of the dangerous hydroxyl radical.
superphosphate	The exhaustion of the soil induced by both barley and wheat is, however, characteristically that of available nitrogen; and when, under the ordinary conditions of manuring and cropping, artificial manure is still required, nitrogenous manures are, as a rule, necessary for both crops, and, for the spring-sown barley, superphosphate also.
superpower	I'd have the superpower to make all traffic lights in my direction green.
superpose	When there are more luminous points than one, we have only to draw separately the geometrical shadows due to each of the sources, and then superpose them.
superposition	It is a case of the principle of superposition of small disturbances.
supersaturated	From supersaturated solutions the form unstable at the temperature of the experiment is, as a rule, separated, especially on the introduction of a crystal of the unstable form; and, in some cases, similar inoculation of the fused substance is attended by the same result.
supersede	In the latter sense, modern usage tends to supersede officinal by official.
superscript	If the character set of your project lacks special symbols and superscript characters, use the following substitute trademark notices.
supersaturation	This solution is stirred continuously and the temperature falls slowly below the freezing point, till the supersaturation point is reached, or until a crystal of ice is introduced.
superscription	The superscription, if original, compels us to treat the whole writing as not only late but pseudonymous.
supersensible	In the latest stage of his speculation Biran distinguishes the animal existence from the human, under which the three forms above noted are classed, and both from the life of the spirit, in which human thought is brought into relation with the supersensible, divine system of things.
supersensitive	The haunting memories of these horrors played havoc with the nerves of a supersensitive child.
supersession	The same method is finding increased favour in Great Britain, to the supersession of the old hot-water footwarmers.
supersensuous	While denying all knowledge of the supersensuous, Mansel deviated from Kant in contending that cognition of the ego as it really is is itself a fact of experience.
supersonic	Technology has advanced at supersonic speeds, and bullying has adapted to the changing times.
superstar	Just as in the more recent Guitar Hero and Rock Band games where you can make your own unique rocker, the titles in the Smackdown vs. Raw franchise allow you to customize the appearance of your unique wrestling superstar.
superstition	This superstition dominated Scotland.
superstitious	He was extremely superstitious, and believed in invocations of the dead.
superstratum	Arcadia, on the other hand, in the heart of Peloponnese, retained till a late date a quite different dialect, akin to the ancient dialect of Cyprus, and more remotely to Aeolic. This distribution makes it clear (r) that the Doric dialects of Peloponnese represent a superstratum, more recent than the speech of Arcadia; (2) that Laconia and its colonies preserve features alike, -n and -w which are common to southern Doric and Aeolic; (3) that those parts of Dorian Greece in which tradition makes the pre-Dorian population Ionic, and in which the political structure shows that the conquered were less completely subjugated, exhibit the Ionic -a and -ov; (4) that as we go north, similar though more barbaric dialects extend far up the western side of central-northern Greece, and survive also locally in the highlands of south Thessaly; (5) that east of the watershed Aeolic has prevailed over the area which has legends of a Boeotian and Thessalian migration, and replaces Doric in the northern Doris.
superstore	There is a need for a second modern food superstore in the District.
superstructure	The superstructure had been destroyed by fire.
supervene	It has also been claimed that modal truths supervene on non-modal ones, and that general truths supervene on non-modal ones, and that general truths supervene on particular truths.
supervision	Taxation is assessed under British supervision and paid into the native treasury.
supervisor	William Speer was supervisor and chief assayer of spirits in the port of Dublin.
supervise	La Marmora was appointed royal commissioner to supervise the transformation to the new regime.
supervisory	In 1892-1893 text-books and supplies were first furnished free to pupils in the grades; and in the same year supervisory work was introduced.
supine	However, not all abdominal exercises need to be performed in the supine position.
supination	Often times a salesperson will be able to tell you which running shoes you should buy based on the wear and tear of your old shoes (think pronation and supination).
supineness	In place of the earlier supineness, the battle was now joined all along the line.
supplant	Both these works (now rare) are manifestly framed on the Linnaean method, so far as it had then reached; but in their arrangement of the various forms of birds they differed greatly from that which they designed to supplant, and they deservedly obtained little success.
supple	The man was much more supple than his age would suggest.
supplement	That would supplement her meager savings, and she could be with the twins.
supplanter	The successful rivalry of his supplanter, Andrei Osterman, prevented Shafirov from holding any high office during the last fourteen years of his life.
supplementary	Helen Keller's letters are important, not only as a supplementary story of her life, but as a demonstration of her growth in thought and expression--the growth which in itself has made her distinguished.
supper	I'd better get supper on the table.
suppleness	The skin will retain the oil's moisturizing properties and achieve greater suppleness as a result.
supplemental	In 1865 a new and more satisfactory law was passed, which with supplemental legislation is still in force.
supplementation	Fish oil supplementation versus evening primrose oil supplementation Trial B compared fish oil against evening primrose oil supplementation Trial B compared fish oil against evening primrose oil in 29 patients.
suppliant	They guaranteed absolute security to the suppliant within their limits.
supplicate	I do not supplicate charity at your doors Nor do I belittle myself at the footsteps of your chamber So will you be angry?
supplication	Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God.
supply	Jackson stopped by the art supply store on the way home to purchase supplies for Elisabeth.
support	You know I always support you.
supplier	A supplier had a large order book of fixed price contracts.
supporter	When Pippin died, Willibrord found a supporter in his son Charles Martel.
suppose	I suppose they're both a little artificial.
supposedly	Incidentally, he supposedly came on the radar as a result of a tip from this man or woman everyone's read about; the so-called psychic tipster person.
supportive	Alex had always been supportive of her ideas.
supporting	No one we're supporting did.
supposed	What was that supposed to mean?
supposition	This is a pure supposition inconsistent with chronology, and based only on a misinterpretation of a passage in an old book.
supposing	That same day he had learned that Prince Andrew, after surviving the battle of Borodino for more than a month had recently died in the Rostovs' house at Yaroslavl, and Denisov who told him this news also mentioned Helene's death, supposing that Pierre had heard of it long before.
suppress	Angry as she was, she couldn't suppress a smile.
supposititious	The legend that he was a supposititious child, really the son of an Italian police constable named Chiapponi, is dealt with elsewhere (see Maria Stella, countess of Newborough).
suppository	Some sufferers from constipation find that they get greater relief from salts dissolved in water, or from natural aperient water taken on rising in the morning, and others again find that the best way of opening the bowels is to inject one or two drachms of glycerine into the rectum, or use it as a suppository.
suppressant	The comfrey is covered with a weed suppressant fabric which will also help to warm the soil.
suppressive	For individuals who have frequent outbreaks, a suppressive treatment may work better.
supra	Section 47 of the act gives the tenant the same rights to compensation as if his holding had been a holding under the Agricultural Holdings Act 1908 (vide supra).
suppurative	There are several other clinical research projects ongoing at present eg suppurative keratitis, ocular trauma, effect of cataract surgery on diabetic retinopathy.
suppuration	Acute inflammation of various types, suppuration, granulation-tissue formation, &c., represent some of the complex resulting processes.
suppressor	Genes such as tumor suppressor genes tightly regulate this growth cycle.
suppression	In some places the number has even been diminished by the suppression of private educational institutes.
supramolecular	The new director of the Melville Lab, Wilhelm Huck, has made a gentle transition from supramolecular chemistry to nanochemistry in recent years.
supranational	The result was a powerful supranational institution, supervising stable exchange rates.
supremacist	To fish for much excitement in supremacist ideology bishop you 'd better.
suprarenal	Both present the appearance of diminutive clusters of grapes, at the anterior end of the kidneys, close to the suprarenal bodies, separated from each other by the descending aorta and by the vena cava where this is formed by the right and left vena iliaca communis.
supremo	Indeed, it seems incredible that German supremo Gerhard Schroeder polled a mere 19 votes.
supremely	James Bradley chose the most appropriate tasks, and executed them supremely well, with the indispensable aid of John Bradley.
supreme	It was a moment of supreme happiness.
sura	The earliest existing codification of the prayerbook is the Siddur (order) drawn up by Amram Gaon of Sura about 850.
supremacy	The early history of the country is the story of a struggle for supremacy between the cities.
sural	Sural nerve biopsies from six affected individuals and the post-mortem findings in 1 case showed mainly axonal loss.
surah	One day I was sitting in the mosque when a man entered and recited the same surah in a different style.
surat	As this species has been obtained in Surat and the Punjab, it is believed to be the northern type.
surcharge	An additional area surcharge is added to certain areas.
surcoat	Hagen, seizing the spear, thrust it through the spot marked by Kriemhild on Siegfried's surcoat.
sure	He sure is a nice guy.
surd	Since the fraction is infinite it cannot be commensurable and therefore its value is a quadratic surd number.
surely	Surely she would understand.
sureness	Now the translator proceeds in Egyptian with some of the sureness with which he would deal with Latin or Greek.
surefire	Job design Continuous VDU work throughout the working day is a surefire recipe for RSI.
surf	Dinner includes surf and turf, chicken and salmon.
surface	The last time he went to the surface, it had rained huge raindrops.
surety	In 1748, however, the company broke up, and Lessing, who had allowed himself to become surety for some of the actors' debts, was obliged to leave Leipzig too, in order to escape their creditors.
surfacing	Yet it kept surfacing in arguments.
surfaced	Yet another problem surfaced later the same day.
surfactant	The absence of surfactant, which normally reduces the surface tension in the lungs, leads to collapse.
surfeit	A surfeit of mushrooms or the fumes of a charcoal fire have been assigned as the cause of death.
surfing	I spent days surfing the net.
surfboard	Oragnize.com sells a colorful palm tree and surfboard earring tree.
surge	She swallowed down a surge of excitement.
surgeon	He's my surgeon and the best there is.
surficial	This survey provides insights into the local variability of the surficial geology that cannot be obtained from the regional studies.
surgically	A diabetic patient with an open wound in his neck as a result of a surgically drained tooth abscess.
surgery	Alex came through the surgery fine.
surliness	He went far out of his way and lost much time, all on account of his surliness.
surgical	It was in the management of pleurisies that the aid of surgical means first became eminent in inward disease.
surly	But his surly guest said scarcely a word.
surmount	But those who have the will and the patience to surmount them will find their trouble well repaid.
surmise	His surmise was correct.
surmounted	The New Mosque (Jamaa-el-Jedid), dating from the 17th century, is in the form of a Greek cross, surmounted by a large white cupola, with four small cupolas at the corners.
surnamed	During the domination of this man (who, like Lorenzo de' Medici, was surnamed the Magnificent) Siena enjoyed many years of splendour and prosperity.
surpass	In the Northern Alps the pine forests rarely surpass the limit of 6000 ft.
surname	His success in conquering Sicily earned him the surname of the Great.
surpassing	Considering the accuracy of these measures (an accuracy far surpassing that of any other contemporary observations), it is somewhat surprising that this form of micrometer was never systematically used in any sustained or important astronomical researches, although a number of instruments of the kind were made by Dollond.
surplus	The surplus for the year amounted to 65,000,000 lire.
surplice	In all probability the surplice is no more than an expansion of the ordinary liturgical alb, due to the necessity for wearing it over thick furs.
surprise	He likes to surprise people.
surprised	I was a little surprised at the invitation.
surrealism	Counterpoint the surrealism of the underlying metaphor of the, er...
surprisingly	Surprisingly, he wasn't satisfied by it.
surprising	That was certainly a surprising turn of events!
surreal	He studied the surreal imagery of the situation.
surreptitiously	Alex was also known to surreptitiously take a little sip himself now and then.
surreptitious	He made a surreptitious recording with a concealed hand-held machine.
surrealist	But he is really better known as a surrealist painter, and has had numerous exhibitions.
surrogate	In 1877 he was elected surrogate of Ulster co., and was reelected in 1883.
surroundings	In the immediate surroundings of the temple there is an open space.
surrey	She grabbed more hay and stepped around the buggy Alex was restoring for her - a surrey with a fringe on top? exactly like she had always wanted.
surrender	She'd never felt a surrender like his.
surround	Scattered olive groves surround the place.
surrounding	Talon booked up all the surrounding hotels.
surveillance	This order was to the surveillance team.
survey	A general was sent to survey the position.
sus	Moldavia proper was divided into the upper country or T'erra de sus, and the lower country, or T'erra de josu.
surtax	Since April 1905 a surtax of 7% has been imposed on all goods of other than French origin.
survivorship	Some of the systems founded on the civil law, as the French code, have adopted certain rules of survivorship.
survival	His own survival was more important.
surveying	The stranger stepped next to her, surveying the damage.
survive	None of us are gonna survive this!
surveyor	A surveyor general is attached to the department of the interior, at Ottawa.
survivor	He's a survivor, and now he's the hero of the neighborhood.
suspect	So they did suspect her.
susceptibility	It has been experimentally shown that conditions such as fatigue, starvation, exposure to cold, &c., lower the general resisting powers and increase the susceptibility to bacterial infection.
suspended	He was suspended in the air by the straps of his harness.
suspense	Finally she could bear the suspense no longer.
susceptible	Children are much more susceptible than adults.
suspension	It lies on the Eger, which is spanned here by a suspension bridge, 210 ft.
suspend	The burgomaster has the power to suspend any of the council's decrees for 30 days.
suspender	The suspender should be fairly strong and ideally should have metal clips to hold the stockings.
suspensive	On the great question of the veto he took a practical view, and seeing that the royal power was already sufficiently weakened, declared for the king's absolute veto and against the compromise of the suspensive veto.
suspicious	I know it looks suspicious, but you've got to learn to trust me.
suspensor	In Dicotyledons the shoot of the embryo is wholly derived from the terminal cell of the pro-embryo, from the next cell the root arises, and the remaining ones form the suspensor.
suspensory	The Ancients had a suspensory veto, but no initiative in legislation.
suspiciousness	But his great qualities were overbalanced by an incurable suspiciousness, which made it impossible for him to act cordially with those about him.
suspiciously	Alex eyed the man suspiciously as he said goodbye and walked away.
suss	As a prelude to the match we went to Lodge Farm on Saturday to suss things out (see Stuart's match report).
sustainable	However, to be sustainable, agriculture must provide the farmer with a living.
suspicion	Suspicion touched his voice and eyes.
sustain	She sighed, no longer able to sustain her hope.
sustained	It formed a part of the original home of the Incas and once sustained a large population.
sustaining	They can be made, too, to cover in any extent of area without sustaining walls.
sustentation	The ministers are supported by a sustentation fund formed of voluntary contributions, the rents of seats and pews, and the proceeds of the commutation of the Regium Donum made by the commissioners under the Irish Church Act 1869.
sustenance	Katie watched her go, feeling better with the otherworldly sustenance in her system.
susu	There are many Christian converts (chiefly Anglicans and Wesleyans) and Muslims. In the Northern areas are some Muslim tribes, as for instance the Susu.
sutler	We have a new sutler and he has such capital things.
sutra	The lotus Sutra speaks of the pure white lotus rising from the waters of a muddy pond.
suttee	Suttee was also customary.
sutural	Along the sutural border of the elytron, the chitinous lamella forms a tubular space within which are numerous glands.
suzerain	Thus conceived as the holder of a great fief, the king had only the rights of suzerain over the four great baronies and the twelve minor fiefs of his kingdom.
suture	Mantle has a posterior suture.
sutured	The best solution to all these problems is to convert to a standard sutured extracapsular extraction.
svelte	The idea that celebrities are just normal people doesn't seem to hold up in view of the svelte figures that appear on the red carpet.
sw	The Pomeranian Seenplatte, between the Vistula and the Oder, extends from SW.
suzerainty	By this arrangement the king and his nobles, clerical and lay, undertook to do homage to Henry and his son; this and other provisions placing both the church and state of Scotland thoroughly under the suzerainty of England.
swab	I'll chase him out of jail tomorrow, after I have him swab down the cells and clean the toilets.
swaddle	The award winning, patented swaddleaze is the only sleeping bag and swaddle combo, offering excellent value for money.
swag	I need help looping the draperies over the swag hooks.
swagger	This one had that old money, all-American boy swagger that begged for something cute.
swahili	The surrounding region has been overrun by Arabs and Swahili from the East African coast.
swain	In effect, they create a personality for the uncouth swain.
swam	He swam deeper into the lake.
swale	On the south, narrow branches of the Swale, formerly wider, divide the isles of Harty and Elmley from the main island, of which, however, they now practically form part.
swallow	She tried to swallow the lump that insisted on staying in her throat.
swamp	Easing to the edge of the swamp cooler, she eyed the distance and drew a deep breath.
swami	Look it up on a map, Swami.
swampland	This time she's working in Georgia's steaming coastal swampland.
swan	A swan dive off the roof sounds good right about now.
swampy	Some are found in more or less open plains, while others inhabit swampy districts.
swank	In Turin he was part-owner of a swank downtown restaurant; he lost money on it.
swanky	Whether you're going to the hottest nightclub, dinner at a swanky restaurant, bowling or an intimate house party, embrace 80s fashion in a big way.
swap	Do you want to swap jobs?
sward	The one defect is lack of green sward.
swarf	Try and get a modem motorcycle to perform like that and you would soon have a crankcase full of swarf.
swarm	Game is plentiful and the rivers swarm with fish.
swash	A strong swash occurs and this transports material up the beach forming a berm at the spring high tide mark.
swarthy	His complexion was swarthy, his hair dark, and his eye bright and piercing.
swashbuckling	From alien sightings to terrifying Skeleton Ghost Pirates, spooks and scares lurk around every corner creating high seas hilarity and swashbuckling excitement.
swastika	The more classical German pavilion was topped simply with an eagle and a swastika.
swat	Maybe I gave him a swat on his diaper when he was a toddler, but I never really hit him.
swath	Grass tickled her feet, and she glanced down at the swath of green beneath her.
swathe	The other units give a broad swathe of ages.
swatch	Far, far, away, beyond the stone and shale, she thought she saw a swatch of green.
sway	The horses' croups began to sway in the front line.
swayed	Can he be swayed in our favor?
swazi	After that event Basuto entered the country from the south, Bechuana from the west and Swazi, Zulu, Shangaan and other tribes from the east and south-east.
sweat	Sweat and tears ran down her face.
swear	I swear I would have seen anyone who was nearby.
sweated	This brings out the garlic flavor but tempers it with the sweetness of the sweated onion.
sweating	Jule was sweating and shaking.
sweater	I just came over to pick up a sweater for her.
sweep	I dust and sweep but a stern lady looks after the madam whose care is beyond my responsibilities.
swedish	The Dutch trade was closed In 1814; the Swedish had been abolished in 1813.
sweeping	We.re sweeping the castle now.
swede	And guitars like the Swede were just darned good.
sweaty	Her palms were sweaty, her nerves fried.
sweepstakes	We don't require payment to enter a sweepstakes or claim a prize.
sweeper	As a road sweeper you should look less slovenly.
sweeten	To sweeten the deal, offer to write for free.
sweet	It had a sweet smell.
sweetening	Its taste is somewhat sweet, its sweetening power being estimated at from a to -*- that of cane sugar.
sweetie	Maybe you snuck up here and helped hustle along your sweetie on her trip to never-never land.
sweepings	All crucibles and other materials which might contain precious metal are ground up and washed in a pan, and the pannings together with a selection from the floor sweepings are remelted.
sweetener	Could eating fake sweetener turn her into something like this?
sweetheart	I love you too, sweetheart.
sweetmeat	A common Persian sweetmeat consists of wheat-flour kneaded with manna into a thick paste.
sweetness	It seemed to show spontaneity and great sweetness of character.
swell	Don't let your head swell up that way.
swelling	It is a massive swelling of the earth's crust,.
swelter	What do you care about Christmas as you swelter in the summer sun?
sweltering	It's raining outside and I'm still sweltering.
swept	His multi-colored eyes swept over her.
swerve	Drivers swerve or brace for the impact, but never hit the dog.
swerving	Mayer continued to press forward and had a dipping, swerving, effort well saved by Lawrie.
swift	Her answer came swift and certain.
swiftly	His expression went swiftly from surprise to concern.
swiftness	He was surnamed Cursor from his swiftness of foot.
swill	Expensive wines can be swill and inexpensive wines can overachieve.
swig	She downed her painkillers with a swig of alcohol.
swimmer	She was a confident swimmer.
swim	She glanced down at her swim suit.
swimming	I'll show you the swimming hole.
swimsuit	I wo n't wear a swimsuit that rides up my ass.
swindle	It was a swindle, and not at all like the conduct of a great man!
swindler	He lived at the foot of Mount Parnassus, and was famous as a thief and swindler.
swindling	He has no financial means, and resorts to swindling the other clients to meet his need for cash.
swine	Swine are extensively reared in many provinces.
swineherd	Due to his illness, Bladud had been expelled from his father's court and had become a swineherd.
swing	Cousin Arthur made me a swing in the ash tree.
swingeing	If the price condition ca n't be imposed lawfully then compliance is effectively by agreement and the swingeing penalties come into play.
swinger	The album takes on greater heights in the track that follows - a Latin infused horn led swinger that brings proceedings closer to resolution.
swinging	The swinging arm or boom is from 4 to 8 in.
swipe	And when could she swipe 'em?
swipes	After a few hefty swipes Pete woke up suddenly.
swirl	She threw her leg over the horse and dropped to the ground in a swirl of skirts.
swirling	He laughed, swirling her around.
swirly	The lines radiating from the circumference are generally swirly and may have additional, secondary swirly lines coming off of them.
swish	She could hear the swish of Jamie's skis behind her.
switch	You'll have to switch schools again.
swiss	British, Swiss and Germans are comparatively few.
switchback	He was re-zipping his front bag when he glanced down at a biker a switchback below him pulling off a jersey and donning a bright yellow jacket.
switchboard	Thousands and thousands of women were switchboard operators before direct dial phones were in use.
switching	This makes DaRT networks fully extensible with no wiring or central switching facility.
sweetish	The fruit-stalk is very short, bearing a subglobose fruit an inch or rather more in diameter, of an orange-yellow colour, and with a sweetish astringent pulp. It is surrounded at the base by the persistent calyxlobes, which increase in size as the fruit ripens.
swivel	There is a swivel railway bridge.
sweetly	She smiled sweetly at Mr. Marsh.
swizzle	Some purists claim it 's tacky to garnish a Bloody Mary with a stalk of celery instead of the traditional swizzle stick.
swollen	Her feet felt swollen and fiery.
swoon	He pretends to fall into a swoon and says senseless things that should have ruined him.
swoop	If she knew where he kept it, she could swoop in and snatch it.
swoosh	Swoosh, fizz, pop, I can't get those noises out of my head, I feel a bit woozy.
swop	The proposed swapping of the two pitches in a straight swop is unlikely to happen.
sword	He placed the sword in a rack with others and exited into the night.
swordsman	The swordsman lifted a sword off the ground and raised it, charging her.
swordsmanship	An example of this is a diploma given to a master of swordsmanship.
swore	I swore to myself I'd never, ever mention it!
sworn	He's sworn to protect our world.
swot	I tried to talk the little swot out of his love of poetry and pressed flowers, but to no avail.
swung	Suddenly he stopped and swung around.
sybarite	It owed its origin to an attempt made in 452 B.C. by Sybarite exiles and their descendants to repeople their old home.
sybil	In 1529 he brought out his Oeconomia christiana (a treatise in German, on the right ordering of a Christian household) with a dedication to the duchess Sybil of Saxony and a preface by Luther.
sycamore	A huge white sycamore skeleton sprawled on the gravel beach, its bark long gone.
sycophancy	Lastly, we need not speak of mere sycophancy.
sycophant	Such gesture, directed towards an inoffensive person, became an insult, and the word sycophant might imply one who insulted another by bringing a frivolous or malicious accusation against him.
syenite	The olive green syenite found on Mount Ascutney, near the Connecticut river, in Windsor county, is a hornblendeaugite.
syllabary	Women as well as men learned to read and write, and in Semitic times this involved a knowledge of the extinct Sumerian as well as of a most complicated and extensive syllabary.
syllabi	Typical contents include syllabi, readings, homework, and lecture notes.
syllabic	Cambodian writing is syllabic and complicated.
syllable	Every syllable is open, ending in a vowel sound, and short sentences may be constructed wholly of vocalic sounds.
syllabus	A revised syllabus in Archeology offers a wider range of courses.
syllogism	When Aristotle called syllogism X6yos, he meant that it is a combination of premises involving a conclusion of necessity.
syllogistic	Deductive or Syllogistic Inference, from universal to particular, e.g.
sylva	There are many fine trees in Scotland; one near Roseneath, figured by Strutt in his Sylva Britannica, then measured more than 22 ft.
sylvan	The forest contains valuable sylvan products, and there are great possibilities for the cultivation of rubber.
sylvine	These potassium minerals are not confined to Stassfurt; larger quantities of sylvine and kainite are met with in the salt mines of Kalusz in the eastern Carpathian Mountains.
symbiosis	This interesting case of symbiosis is equalled by yet another case.
symbiotic	Symbiotic association with other animals, in varying degrees of interdependence, is frequent.
symbiotically	This result is doubtless largely dependent on the existence, the distribution and the condition of the appropriate microbes for the due infection of the different descriptions of plant, for the micro-organism that dwells symbiotically with one species is not identical with that which similarly dwells with another.
symbolism	The butterfly is often chosen for its symbolism of beauty and change.
symbolist	He was by turns naturalist, lyrist and symbolist; and it has been claimed that the germs of all the later developments in Belgian letters may be traced in his work.
symbolics	Symbolics is to be a branch of statistics.
symbolically	The contents of such a circular group are symbolically (or analogically) represented by the contents of all other circles in the animal kingdom.
symbolical	Ostensibly a solemn revenge for the burning of Greek temples by Xerxes, it has been justified as a symbolical act calculated to impress usefully the imagination of the East, and condemned as a senseless and vainglorious work of destruction.
symbolic	There are several symbolic acts descriptive of the siege.
symbology	There are a lot of other subject matters that are part of the Chinese symbology.
symmetrically	His hands were symmetrically placed on the green silk quilt, the palms downward.
symbol	Her hand went to the symbol around her neck.
symmetric	The general monomial symmetric function is a P1 a P2 a P3.
sympathetic	I'm afraid I wasn't very sympathetic, though.
symmetrical	When, as in the application to rectangular or circular apertures, the form is symmetrical with respect to the axes both of x and y, S = o, and C reduces to C = ff cos px cos gy dx dy,.
symbolize	The ceiling was made to symbolize the firmament.
sympathetically	Sarah looked sympathetically at her, assuming she was imagining things.
symmetry	There is symmetry about the initial line and a cusp at the origin.
sympathize	Look, I can sympathize with you, but there's nothing I can do, at least not yet.
sympathizer	Abu Sayyaf, who is a sympathizer of Osama bin Laden, escaped after a shootout with police late last month.
symphonic	This brings us to the latest radical change effected in instrumentation, the change from symphonic to dramatic principles.
sympatric	The graph shows observed parasitoid success after sympatric parasitism plotted against parasitoid success as predicted by the model.
symphysis	Mastodons, like elephants, always have a pair of upper tusks, while the earlier ones likewise have a short pair in the lower jaw, which is prolonged into a snout-like symphysis for their support.
symphony	A symphony of chuckles was the only response.
sympathy	I've received too much sympathy in the last few weeks.
symposia	Old and young, of both sexes, pass days and nights in these symposia, at which special customs and rules prevail.
sympodial	Solitary polyps are unknown in this sub-order; the colony may be creeping or arborescent in form; if the latter, the budding of the polyps, as already stated, is of the sympodial type, and either biserial, forming stems capable of further branching, or uniserial, forming pinnules not capable of further branching.
symposium	The term has been applied in modern usage, due to Plato's Symposium, to a collection of opinions of different writers on a given subject.
symptomatic	The cure which is sought for may either be symptomatic or radical.
synaesthesia	In Mondays are Red, Luke wakes from a coma to find that he has developed an extraordinary condition called synaesthesia.
symptom	This revolt was a symptom of Ethiopianism.
synagogal	This element of public confession for sin became more prominent in the days when synagogal worship developed, and prayer took the place of the sacrificial offerings which could only be offered in the Jerusalem temple.
symptomatology	Individuals whose symptomatology is confined to kidneys or skin (as opposed to having multiple behavioral symptoms) may do very well.
synapse	The synapse, therefore, as the place of meeting of one neuron with the next is called, is said to valve the nerve circuits.
synagogue	There is a fine example in the synagogue at Great St Helens, London.
synapses	Transmitters activate the synapses, electrical junctions in the body that stimulate the brain, nerves, and muscle cells to become active and communicate.
synaptic	Instead, there is a tiny gap called the synaptic cleft.
synapsis	It has been suggested that synapsis may be connected with the early longitudinal splitting of the thread or with the pairing of the chromosomes, but it is possible that it may be connected with the transference of nucleolar substance to the nuclear thread.
sync	It was good to be back in sync again.
synchro	A master/slave repeater can be used to minimize system cost on platforms which have synchro heading data.
synchronic	He notes that we need not regard such frameworks from a purely synchronic perspective.
synchromesh	A 5-speed synchromesh overdrive gearbox is standard with vacuum fitted brakes.
synchronization	The alternative is to download the appropriate files to your computer and then to transfer them to your BlackBerry during the synchronization process.
synchronism	These currents are furnished by an alternator which transmits sine currents over the line and operates a motor at the distant end of the line, both machines running in synchronism.
synchronize	Several computers synchronize the lights, canons and pumps.
synchronous	The population of India is the largest aggregate yet brought within the scope of a synchronous and uniform enumeration.
synchronizing	The only technical problem was synchronizing three 35mm projectors with the SMPTE on the multi-track tape recorders.
synchronized	They were so synchronized and fluid that Carmen asked Alex if they danced often.
synchrony	Mutual attraction is signified by an intense focus and synchrony of movement.
syncline	Hence the anticline noses out to the north and the syncline to the south.
synclinal	These valleys are not synclinal foldings of rocks; they seem to be erosion-valleys.
synchrotron	Synchrotron A type of circular accelerator in which the particles travel in synchronized bunches at fixed radius.
syncope	Syncope is associated with low blood pressure, heart problems, and disorders in the autonomic nervous system, the system of involuntary functions such as breathing.
syncretic	The earliest may be called the syncretic; it is the fusion of Jewish or pagan with Christian elements.
syncopation	To the offbeat syncopation Snyder is dancing like an indian around a totem pole.
syncretism	The syncretism of the Babylonian and the Persian religion was also the nursing-ground of Gnosticism.
syncytial	Viruses cause the majority of pneumonias in young children, especially respiratory syncytial virus, parainfluenza and influenza viruses, and adenovirus.
syncytium	From such beginnings the evolution of the Turbellaria leads first through the Acoelous forms in which the central syncytium is partly differentiated into digestive, muscular and skeletotrophic tissue, then to the more specialized Rhabdocoela, and so through the Alloeocoela to the Triclads and finally to the Polyclads.
syndesmosis	Often it reaches the keel of the sternum, with subsequent syndesmosis or even synostosis, e.g.
syndactyly	Polydactyly and syndactyly are congenital malformations of the fingers and/or toes.
syndicalism	His old manner of working alone did not consort with the needs of this huge syndicalism, modern war.
syndic	The syndic of each commune is elected by ballot by the communal council from among its own members.
syndicate	The fleet was bought by a syndicate and sold to the Victoria Steamboat Association.
syndication	The administrator may have enabled RSS syndication, this allows you to view newly created threads in guest viewable forums without visiting the board.
syne	He wad hae written A better poem syne - like thie, by gum?
synergistic	The results obtained so far clearly indicate a synergistic effect between oxidation and alkali salt induced corrosion (the so-called hot corrosion ).
synergism	The BHR, with an integral porous surface, eliminates that element of possible adverse synergism between titanium and cobalt-chrome.
synergy	The agreement exploits the natural synergybetween the two companies.
synodal	The name of Jacobites is first found in a synodal decree of Nicaea A.D.
synodical	The resolutions of the Lambeth Conferences have never been regarded as synodical decrees, but their weight has increased with each conference.
synodic	On The Other Hand, The Exact Time Of A Synodic Revolution Of The Moon Is 29'530588 Days; 235 Lunations, Therefore, Contain 2 35 X 29 530588 = 6 939'6 8818 Days, Or 6 939 Days 16 Hours 31 Minutes, So That The Period Exceeds 235 Lunations By Only Seven And A Half Hours.
syndrome	Prader-Willi syndrome is also referred to as cryptochidism-dwarfism-subnormal mentality syndrome, Willi-Prader syndrome, Labhart-Willi syndrome, Prader-Labhart-Will Fancone syndrome, and hypotoniahypomentia-hypogonadism-obesity syndrome.
synonym	Actually, only some foreign counts could be said to be equivalent to English earls; but earl is always translated by foreigners by words (comte, Graf) which in English are represented by count, itself never used as the synonym of earl.
synonymously	The terms rave and hip are often used synonymously.
synonymy	If we adopt a conception of meaning where truth-conditional equivalence is sufficient for synonymy, we have an apparent counterexample to compositionality.
synod	The acts of the synod of Pistoia were published in Italian and Latin at Pavia in 1788.
synopses	The changes may be appreciated by comparing the systematic synopses at the end of this article with the classification adopted in 1877 in the 9th edition of the Ency.
synonymous	Eating out does not have to be synonymous with unhealthy food.
synopsis	A synopsis of the leading formula connected with the circle will now be given.
synovial	Figure 4. Synovial fluid CPPD crystals (compensated polarized light microscopy x400 ); scant numbers of rhomboid crystals showing weak positive birefringence.
synoptical	Yet the two epistles do not follow the same course of thought, and their contents cannot be successfully exhibited in a common synoptical abstract.
synoptic	The Inquisition, by its decree Lamentabili sane (2nd of July 1907), condemned sixty-five propositions concerning the Church's magisterium; biblical inspiration and interpretation; the synoptic and fourth Gospels; revelation and dogma; Christ's divinity, human knowledge and resurrection; and the historical origin and growth of the Sacraments, the Church and the Creed.
syntactical	They are agglutinative in nature, show hardly any signs of syntactical growth though every indication of long etymological growth, give expression to only the most direct and the simplest thought, and are purely colloquial and wanting in the modifications always necessary for communication by writing.
syntactic	The goal of algebraic semantics is to capture the semantics of behavior by a set of axioms with purely syntactic properties.
synovitis	Dr. Karim Raza, Clinical lecturer in Rheumatology, University of Birmingham how quickly is rheumatoid synovitis established?
syntactically	On encountering a syntactically incorrect clause then an error message will be printed.
syntheses	We now proceed to consider the properties, syntheses, decompositions and constitution of the benzene complex.
syntax	They therefore, when the corrector of the press had improved the syntax and the spelling, were well received.
synthetic	Various synthetic processes have been used for the preparation of anthraquinone.
synthesis	Inevitably the question forces itself upon the mind, is not some fuller synthesis possible?
synthesize	Doing science experiments helps kids learn to analyze and synthesize information better.
synthesizer	The author outlines some ideas for a voice synthesizer.
synthetical	His reputation mainly rests on his Introduzione ad una teoria geometrica delle curve piane, which proclaims him as a follower of the Steinerian or synthetical school of geometricians.
syphilitic	Syphilitic lesion of the arteries, and likewise of other fibrous tissues, often involves grave consequential damage to nervous structures fed or supported by such parts.
syphilis	He's had syphilis of the central nervous system.
syphon	It is possible that this represents the syphon or supplementary intestine of Capitellidae, which has been shown to develop as a groving of the intestine ultimately cut off from it.
syringe	When the, fruit begins to ripen, syringing must be discontinued till the crop is gathered, after which the syringe must be again occasionally used.
syringes	Such wastes include used hypodermic syringes frequently with a needle still attached and small vessels or vials that contained medicines (drugs ).
syringomyelia	Clinical signs of syringomyelia secondary to occipital hypoplasia are usually recognized between 6 months and 3 years of age.
syrinx	The syrinx was in use during the middle ages, and was known in France as frestel or fretiau, in medieval Latin as fistula panis, and in Germany as PansflÃ¶te or Hirtenpfeife (now PapagenoflÃ¶te).
syrupy	The olefines may be synthetically prepared by eliminating water from the alcohols of the general formula CnH2n+1 OH, using sulphuric acid or zinc chloride generally as the dehydrating agent, although phosphorus pentoxide, syrupy phosphoric acid and anhydrous oxalic acid may frequently be substituted.
syriac	Syriac and Armenian versions were made in the 5th century.
syrup	Sofi made herself a milkshake consisting of frozen blood from Damian, chocolate syrup, pickles, and a scoop of ice cream.
syrian	But in the Syrian mythology foreign influences frequently betray themselves.
systematics	Phylogenetic systematics is a set of rules for analyzing this pattern of resemblance developed by the entomologist Willi Hennig.
systematically	Few attempts, however, have been made to prospect systematically for this valuable mineral.
systematist	It is quite possible that the characters of the nematocysts might afford data as useful to the systematist in this group as do the spicules of sponges, for instance.
systematization	To trace the gradual elaboration of the symbolism and use of ceremonial lights in the Church, until its full development and systematization in the middle ages, would be impossible here.
systematic	In consequence the army organized a systematic opposition, and elected representatives styled Agitators or Agents to urge their claims.
systematize	He thus admits that to philosophize is to systematize, but holds that every systematization is narrowly circumscribed, and is therefore to be solved and completed with ever new systematization.
systole	The first sound is the simultaneous closure of the A/V valves, which is at the start of the ventricular systole.
systolic	During the procedure his systolic blood pressure remained below 90 mmHg.
system	The whole distribution system broke down.
syzygy	The God of light, with his syzygy, the spirit of his right hand, now begot the primal man, and sent him, equipped with the five pure elements, to fight against Satan.
tab	This is found with the article tab at the top of the page.
systemic	In addition, high dose systemic leucovorin or alkaline diuresis may be required.
t	That's Roman wormwood--that's pigweed--that's sorrel--that's piper-grass--have at him, chop him up, turn his roots upward to the sun, don't let him have a fibre in the shade, if you do he'll turn himself t' other side up and be as green as a leek in two days.
ta	I've gotta clean up.
tabard	Be that as it may, Bruce had now no place of repentance for a sacrilegious homicide; he could not turn his tabard again; he was outlawed, forfeited and excommunicated.
tabasco	Add the seasoned salt and Tabasco sauce, if desired.
tabby	The orange tabby was twice the size of every other cat he'd seen.
tabernacle	They are richly carved, and are frequently surmounted by canopies of tabernacle work.
tabes	Again, to the naturalist the symptoms of tabes dorsalis were distinctive enough, had he noted them.
table	He was sitting at a table across and down from them.
tabla	The very first Monday Mr Russell and a man from India called Vishnu played the tabla and it sounded great.
tableau	Dean gave the tableau a wide berth as he continued back to Bird Song, whistling the entire trip.
tableaux	If you play that third card on your tableaux, you can proceed to the second one.
tablet	She grabbed her tablet and several pencils.
tableware	In France, Germany and the United States it is rare to find a piece of tableware which has not received its shape in a mould.
tableland	Passing from the coast to the tableland, a distinct climatic region is entered.
tabloid	While she was never exactly tabloid fodder, focus inevitably shifted to her personal life.
taboo	The word holiness (qodesh) in primitive Hebrew usage partook of the nature of taboo, and came to be applied to whatever, whether thing or person, stood in close relation to deity and belonged to him, and could not, therefore, be used or treated like other objects not so related, and so was separated or stood apart.
tabor	It was maintained to be the pure and perfect essence of God Himself, that eternal light which had been manifested to the disciples on Mount Tabor at the transfiguration.
tabu	In the Micronesian Islands, while animism and tabu were strong, there was not the cannibalism of the southern islands.
tabula	Augsburg it became known as Tabula peutingeriana.
tabular	The potassium salt, after recrystallization from warm water, separates in large tabular crystals.
tabulate	In any current year, it takes a few weeks to tabulate data.
tabulating	The necessity, for administrative or other purposes, of tabulating separately the returns for so many cross-divisions of the country constitutes one of the main difficulties of the English census operations, more particularly as the boundaries of these areas are frequently altered.
tabulation	This question of direction is of importance in reference to the development of useful number-forms (§ 23); and the existence of the two methods mentioned under (iii) and (iv) above produces confusion in comparing numerical tabulation with graphical representation.
tachycardia	First of all ventricular tachycardia - tachycardia is a term used to describe a heart rate above 100 beats per minute.
tachometer	On most manual cars, there is a gauge on the dashboard called the tachometer.
tacit	He gave his tacit approval in letters to the media.
tachymeter	Equipped with a calendar, chronometer, and a tachymeter, it's no wonder that the Omega Speedmaster was the first watch to be worn on the moon.
taciturn	At dinner the prince usually spoke to the taciturn Michael Ivanovich more often than to anyone else.
taciturnity	The paucity and taciturnity of our sources make it impossible to give anything like an adequate picture of Old Poland during the first four centuries of its existence.
tackiness	Dust the backs of your stickers with a light coating of baby powder to reduce their tackiness, then use them to fill a homemade shaker box.
tackle	He launched himself at the man, only to have four guards tackle him.
tack	He ran his hand through his curly hair and closed the door to the tack room.
tacky	It appears to be the principal cause of stickiness or the tacky condition of some rubbers, which considerably depreciates their commercial value.
tactfully	He sighed but tactfully closed the panel on his side.
taco	There's an awesome taco shack an hour away.
tactic	He wasn't the first to use that tactic to intimidate her.
tactful	A tactful native minister, Sir Donald McLean, did the rest.
tactically	The British, by holding their ground with their accustomed tenacity when engaged with superior numbers, were tactically victors, but were further weakened by a loss of nearly 600 men.
tactician	He was the idol of his soldiers, a good tactician, but not a great strategist.
tactile	The only other sense-organs are the captacula, which are tactile and olfactory.
tactical	Columns (a) and (b), forming the strongest part of the army, and also column (c) soon met with strong resistance (morning 22nd), and the country, the weather (stormy since the 20th) and tactical incidents making progress uneven, the front at nightfall of the 22nd was very sinuous, the Turks holding pronounced salients at Eski Polos, and .also at Almajik, while the Bulgarians had penetrated nearly to Kadikoi in the centre and within 2 m.
tact	This miracle was achieved by tact and management.
tactless	I have tact most of the time but I can be very tactless, if need be.
tad	Julie was a tad subdued, don't you think?
tactual	He maintained that visual consciousness is merely a system of arbitrary signs which symbolize for us certain actual or possible tactual experience - in other words a purely conventional language.
tactics	She had not the training for tactics or strategies.
tadpole	The tadpole larvae are often present in plankton catches.
taenia	Taenia echinococcus has only three, Echinobothrium four, Bothriocephalus three thousand.
taffeta	The mantle of the Order is of crimson satin, lined with white taffeta and is bound by two tassels.
taffrail	The two principal American taffrail logs are the Negus and Bliss (Messrs Norie and Wilson).
taffy	For a beach wedding, for example, chocolate shells, gummy fish, and salt water taffy are popular, while candy corn and caramels are perfect for a fall wedding.
tagetes	They also seems to like tomatoes, so she plants French marigolds and tagetes among the plants.
tagliatelle	It should be ready for you to add the tagliatelle whilst you are preparing the sauce.
tail	Tail long, clothed with long hairs.
tailed	The first of these is the common shoa 1 tailed field-mouse, or field-vole, Microtus agrestis, which belongs to the typical section of the type genus, and M S is about the size of a 343 mouse, with a short stumpy body, and a Upper and Lower Molars of the Water-Rat tail about one-third the (or Water-Vole), Microtus amphibius.
tailing	If they were tailing me, they must have seen me drive out there.
taiga	Its course takes it through a taiga forest, full of evergreen trees.
tailor	Antonio could work his magic and tailor them perfectly.
tailback	One particularly expressive picture captures a tailback of oil tankers stood bumper-to-bumper in symmetry with a line of sheep led by a farmer.
tailored	The hours were perfect, nine to five, and the job sounded as if it were tailored for her.
tailings	The yield reached its lowest point in 1899, but subsequently increased through the application of improved machinery, while the tailings of the old diggings were treated by the cyanide process with profitable results.
tailpiece	There are extant similar orations by Ausonius, six or seven strings, one played by a Moor; both have the tailpiece in the form of a crescent.
tailless	Turning to the tailless or so-called Manx cats, in which the tail should be represented merely by a tuft of hair without any remnant of bone, it seems that the strain is to be met with in many parts of Russia, and there is a very general opinion that it originally came from Japan or some other far eastern country.
tailoring	I want you to liaise with clients to whatever level they wish, tailoring a performance to suit their needs.
tain	At Carlisle there was published a bull excommunicating Bruce; and Elizabeth his wife, Marjorie his daughter, and Christina his sister, were captured in a sanctuary at Tain, while three of his brothers were executed.
tailpipe	Watch for smoke coming from your tailpipe or hood, and keep an eye out for puddles under your car.
taint	It might taint Fred's open mind.
take	I can take care of myself.
tag	They were home but still playing love tag at night.
taker	Personal tithes are now rare, except of fish caught at sea, when they are payable to the church where the taker hears divine service and receives the sacraments.
talbot	But the lands belonging to these titles remained with the Crown and he had to repair his fortunes by one of those marriages which never failed his house, his wife being Alathea Talbot, who was at last the heir of Gilbert, earl of Shrewsbury.
talc	The product of talc and soapstone in 1908 was 19,616 short tons, valued at $458,252.
taken	It must have taken a long time to say good-bye.
taking	I'm supposed to be taking care of you...
tale	It is a tale of ambition and then of guilt.
talcum	Pour talcum powder onto the stain, leave overnight.
talent	His talent is for narrative and description.
talented	He was the most talented player the small Ouray school had produced in years.
talipes	In talipes calcaneus, the foot points upward, with the heel pointing down.
talismanic	The talismanic name Immanuel became the nucleus out of which the later Messianic prophecies of Isaiah grew.
talkative	He was evidently vexed and impatient for the talkative doctor to go.
talkativeness	It has been supposed by many that he lived to a great age, and argued that the never-to-be-mistaken fundamental tone of his performance is the quiet talkativeness of a highly cultivated, tolerant, intelligent, old man (Dahlmann).
tales	If they could talk, what tales these hills could tell.
talker	Jonathan wasn't much of a talker.
talking	Yes, I heard you talking on it.
talkie	The silent version of this early talkie that was released simultaneously must be a better film.
talky	The movie gets very talky from here on in, so the plot is necessarily more vague.
talisman	He wore a glowing talisman on a leather chain around his neck.
talk	She didn't come here to talk to me.
tall	The two tall peasants had their say.
tallness	Accordingly, in the seventh book of the Republic, where Plato propounds his scheme of Academic education, he directs the attention of studious youth primarily, if not exclusively, to the concurrence of inconsistent attributes; and in the Phaedo, 102 B-103 A, taking as an instance the tallness and the shortness simultaneously discoverable in Simmias, he offers his own theory of the immanent idea as the solution of the paradox.
tallow	A solitary tallow candle burned in the anteroom.
tally	The GDC will keep a tally of your yearly totals.
talmud	Even imitation of the style of the Talmud has also been accounted sacrilege.
talon	Talon would wipe out humans as fast as he could.
talus	During weight-bearing, 80 to 90% of the load is transmitted through the tibial plafond to the dome of the talus.
tamarack	Beech, black walnut, butternut, chestnut, catalpa, hemlock and tamarack trees are also common.
tambour	Of its old houses, the Tambour mansion, and a portion of that which belonged to the cardinal of Ferrara, both of the 16th century, are still preserved; apart from the palace, the public buildings are without interest.
tame	I guess they're not as tame as they look.
tambourine	Hold the tambourine so that the curling ribbon hangs down.
tamarind	The tamarind and banyan are also noteworthy.
tamely	The whole country had tamely submitted to the invader, and the leading chiefs had taken the oaths of allegiance.
tamarisk	A fine tamarisk, traces of a church (which is mentioned in the 8th century), and a large reservoir, now filled up with mud, remain.
tamp	Put the post in place and tamp the backfill carefully in layers.
tammy	Little Tammy was so shy and inquisitive.
tamper	To tamper with a constitution that had so proved its quality seemed not so much a sacrilege as a folly.
tameness	It is of the most engaging tameness, being fortunately protected by popular sentiment from injury.
tampering	That's tampering with evidence.
tamping	Now you can either remove soil or add soil as required to level the area before gently tamping the turf back into place.
tampon	Then insert the tampon in the usual way, which will push the yogurt into the top of the vagina.
tan	Her hair sparkled in the sunlight against the dark tan of his hand.
tamer	Tamer gave a salute.
tamil	Its medieval history consists of struggles between the native sovereigns and Tamil invaders.
tana	The arsenal, which was famous in Dante's day, received its first enlargement in 1304, when, on the design of Andrea Pisano, new building sheds and the rope walk or Tana were erected.
tang	The air was balmy, with a tang of the sea in it.
tandoori	Punjabi food, Tandoori chicken in particular, originated here.
tandem	They moved in tandem without looking at each other, their movements controlled and efficient.
tangerine	For an energy boost, try orange, tangerine, lemon, mint, or pine.
tangent	Don't go off on a tangent or get too verbose.
tangle	He was sure by now it was a brown tangle, ready for the trash heap.
tangential	Lord Rayleigh has shown that there is a tangential motion as well as a motion in and out.
tangible	The characters were as tangible as all of us standing in this room.
tangled	She sighed and ran fingers through her tangled hair.
tango	At the Sunday flea market, you can see the tango performed.
tank	We checked out the tank and the mileage.
tangy	The clear broth held a tangy, rich flavor, like spiced butter.
tankard	We have a tankard all ready for him when he next returns to Wales!
tanker	Everyone can remember seeing photographs of oil covered birds following an oil tanker spillage.
tanner	Tanner took a quick nap to replenish his dwindling energy.
tannin	Among other contents of the cell, fatty substances and tannin are known.
tannery	The town has rope and carriage factories, and close by is a large tannery, worked by convict labour, and supplying the army.
tansy	Tansies originally always included tansy, a bitter-sweet herb which still lends its name to many custard and omelette-type puddings.
tanta	Damanhur (38,752) lies on the railway between Tanta and Alexandria; Mansura (40,279) is on, the Damietta branch of the Nile, to the N.E.
tantamount	Both men were well aware this was tantamount to a brush-off.
tannoy	It's the little things too tannoy announcer, booking fees, ticket office in general.
tantalize	We offer excellent cuisine, with a great selection of authentic dishes to tantalize the taste buds.
tannic	As early as 1866, tannic acid, gallic acid, wood spirit, acetic acid, essential oil and eucalyptol were produced from various species of eucalyptus, and researches made by Australian chemists, notably by Messrs.
tantalus	The punishment of Tantalus in the lower world was famous.
tap	A light tap sounded at the door.
tantalum	Chemically related to vanadium are the two elements tantalum and columbium or niobium.
tantra	We discussed sexuality on our first date and made a decision to explore the sexual aspects of Tantra together before we had even touched.
tantalizing	Slowly he lowered his head and brushed her lips in a tantalizing way.
tape	I have a tape of the entire debate.
tantrum	She stomped her feet like a child in a tantrum.
taoism	In Taoism, the concepts of the Tao and chi are believed to be beyond the understanding of most people.
tao	The Chinese conception of the Shin under the name of Shin-to (Chinese tao) or spirits'-way profoundly influenced Japanese thought from the 6th century A.D.
tapestry	The interior contains tapestry of the 16th century and other works of art.
taoist	A Taoist understands that the more she or he learns the less she or he knows.
tapas	Instead we get a tapas menu which is n't.
tapeworm	In many instances the existence of a tapeworm may not cause any inconvenience to its host, and its presence may be only made.
tanning	The principal industry is the tanning and leather trade.
tapering	The tail is bushy, but tapering at the end.
tapered	A rope of this class for a pit 1200 metres deep, tapered from 15.6 in.
taper	The points should begin to taper 3 in.
tapper	Lodge arranged a mechanical tapper for the purpose which continually administered the small blow to the tube sufficient to keep the filings in a sensitive condition.
tapioca	Then followed rice pudding, tapioca, and some other farinaceous ditto, rhubarb tarts, &c.
taping	Are you taping this?
taproot	The root of the plant grows from one main taproot.
tapir	There are no large beasts of prey, and neither the elephant, the rhinoceros nor the tapir is represented.
tarantula	The tarantula spider and the scorpion are found in the south of Italy.
tappet	Perhaps the tappet clearances were a bit wide before.
tarantella	In the town of Taranto victims of the tarantula danced a frenzied tarantella to prevent death from tarantism.
taraxacum	Upon the highest summits are found Saponaria Pumilio (resembling our Silene acaulis) and varieties of Galium, Euphorbia, Astragalus, Veronica, Jurinea, Festuca, Scrophularia, Geranium, Asphodeline, Allium, Asperula; and, on the margins of the snow fields, a Taraxacum and Ranunculus demissus.
tardily	Depretis tardily recognized the need for such agreement, if only to remove the coldness and invincible diffidence which, Afflan.
tardiness	Excessive tardiness can also result in you getting fired.
tardy	Avoid being tardy for a job interview appointment.
tar	The frozen sea beneath her feet was the color of tar, the black clouds above paused mid-swirl around a pop of blue sky in the storm's center.
tarpaulin	Cover the hole with a tarpaulin or a piece of plywood.
tare	It is a labor to task the faculties of a man--such problems of profit and loss, of interest, of tare and tret, and gauging of all kinds in it, as demand a universal knowledge.
tarmac	Pick Arcade if you just want to hop into the game and tear up some tarmac.
tarn	The waters of the northwestern slope of the southern Cevennes drain into the Tarn either directly or by way of the Aveyron, which rises in the outlying chain of the Levezou, and, in the extreme south, the Agout.
tarnish	Compact zinc is bluish white; it does not tarnish much in the air.
tarred	You look like you've been tarred and feathered.
tarry	Not many small towns so I'll keep rolling and not tarry here.
tariff	The company began with a tariff of 4d.
taro	He stated that the Moorhen frequented swamps, ponds, streams and taro patches - much the same as today.
tarpon	Fish abound; among the common kinds are the bunga (a sort of herring), skate, grey mullet and tarpon.
tart	Then coughed at the tart aftertaste.
tarot	A free online tarot will be coming later at the same site.
target	It'll make a good target for your enemies.
tarsal	There are four malpighian tubes, and all five tarsal segments are usually recognizable.
tarragon	French tarragon grows well in containers - a sensible choice where the soil or climate is not suitable.
tarsi	There are three distinct and large thoracic segments, whereof the prothorax is narrower than the others; the legs are much shorter and stouter than in the winged insect, with monomerous tarsi terminated by a single claw.
tarrying	He would go from town to town, travelling up and down as a stranger in the earth, which way the Lord inclined my heart; taking a chamber to myself in the town where I came, and tarrying sometimes a month, more or less, in a place; and the reason he gives for this migratory habit is that he was afraid both of professor and profane, lest, being a tender young man, he should be hurt by conversing much with either.
tartness	Tartness will weaken as you process in canning so make sure it is a wee bit more tart than you like!
tartar	When he had finished with the Tartar, whom they covered with an overcoat, the spectacled doctor came up to Prince Andrew, wiping his hands.
tarsus	As an exegete Theodoret belongs to the Antiochene school, of which Diodorus of Tarsus and Theodore of Mopsuestia were the heads.
tartlet	Tastier was the accompanying braised leg meat in a puff pastry tartlet.
tartan	Small tartan bows also make great additions to these kinds of trees.
tartaric	It was that of two tartaric acids, deposited from wine-lees.
tarzan	Dodging a charging cheetah or causing an elephant stampede is just a typical afternoon for tiny Tarzan !
taskmaster	Miss Keller began to get the better of her old friendly taskmaster, the phrase.
tasseled	I was Wee Willie Winkie with long flannel nightgown, long tasseled night-cap and candleholder with lighted candle.
taste	That way you don't have to taste it.
tasteless	Oxygen is a colourless, odourless and tasteless gas.
tassel	Use more glue or pushpins to add fun mementos from their school days such as a tassel from a graduation cap, a copy of a locker key, a ticket from a special sporting event, or a dried flower from prom night.
tastefully	Dean entered a living room, furnished tastefully but on a limited budget.
tasteful	He paused, as if searching for a tasteful word.
taster	This was not readily apparent to this taster.
tasty	It wasn't tasty, but at least it was palatable.
tat	Etienne Marcel himself protested against councillors de petit tat.
tastelessness	I wasn't expecting an evening of poetry at this late night revue, but I became bored by the tastelessness of it.
task	It's not an easy task to learn.
tatters	Their faces were browned by the sun; their hands were hard and gnarly; their backs were bent by much heavy lifting; their clothing was in tatters.
tatar	Having thus freed themselves from Tatar control, the Moscow princes continued to carry out energetically their traditional policy of extending and consolidating their dominions at the expense of their less powerful relations.
tasting	No, no it's fine; I just can't imagine it tasting good.
tattered	Martha lugged out a tattered game of Monopoly.
tattle	Then she asked, You're not going to tattle on Claire about the real Annie, are you?
taught	All I know is what Mom and Dad taught me.
taunt	Fury flooded her at the taunt.
tatty	The stairs looked a bit tatty for a place which has been open only a day.
taunting	He suspected she was taunting him.
tau	The popular pronunciation to and tau for tab has given rise to the spellings Toris and Tauris met with in older travellers and used even now.
tautological	It may seem tautological to suggest that getting money to poor people is the solution to poverty.
tattoo	Wait, does this mean you have a tattoo, too?
taupe	These cute early 70's vinyl shoes are a light taupe color and have gently pointed toes and 2.5 heels.
taurine	Cats need more meat than dogs and they also need taurine, which is not found in dog foods.
taut	Now that the storm had passed, her taut muscles relaxed and she felt weak.
tautology	But when difference is relational, it is also an empty tautology.
tautomerism	Although the theories of Meyer and Hewitt do not explain (in their present form) the behaviour of anthranilic acid, yet Hewitt has shown that his theory goes far to explain the fluorescence of substances in which a double symmetrical tautomerism is possible.
taw	Mulk property is governed chiefly by the Sheri (sacred Taw).
tavern	About two hundred yards away there's a tavern where ours have already gathered.
taurus	In 1908 an irade sanctioned the extension across the Taurus to Adana, and so to Helif near Mardin (522 m.).
tax	Two people laughed aloud and someone growled about their federal tax dollars at work.
taxation	Nothing is permitted to escape taxation, and duplicated taxes on the same thing are frequent.
tawny	The bake lights came on briefly as he slowed down for the bridge and then the truck disappeared into a cloud of tawny dust.
tawdry	Probably these blocks formed the floor of a balcony, a tawdry marble addition.
taxidermy	This includes taxidermy, skulls, ancient artifacts, various artifacts from different cultures.
taxable	The school revenues are derived from the sale and rental of public lands granted by Congress, and of the salt and swamp lands devoted by the state to such purposes, from a uniform levy of one mill on each dollar of taxable property in the state, from local levies (averaging 7.2 mills in township districts and 10.07 mills in separate districts in 1908), from certain fines and licences, and from tuition fees paid by non-resident pupils.
taxi	If you are looking for hectic nightlife, Lloret de Mar is just a short taxi ride away.
taxing	In 1 712 he was the author of the bill taxing newspapers.
taximeter	Hackney Carriage Vehicles must be fitted with a Council-approved taximeter before testing.
taxonomy	A close encounter of the first kind, according to his taxonomy, is simply seeing a UFO.
taxon	Two taxon concepts can thus be compared by examining their specimen content.
taxonomic	Hence both polyp and medusa present characters for classification, and a given species, genus or other taxonomic category may be defined by polyp-characters or medusa-characters or by both combined.
tb	In the free imperial cities there was more manliness of tone than elsewhere, but there was little of the generous rivalry Tb among the different classes which had once raised them cHis to a high level of prosperity.
teachable	Respectful parenting is a practical, teachable, child and parent-centered approach.
tbsp	Add 1 coarsely grated apple, 1 tbsp raisins and 2 tsp maple syrup and serve.
teacher	A teacher doesn't have to be smart—just brighter than the student.
taxpayer	If the Inspector has requested an agreed apportionment the DV should seek the information from the taxpayer (or agent ).
teacup	She handed Deidre the teacup and saucer.
tc	On the pretext 01 consolidating that republic, he invited 450 of its leading men tc come to Lyons to a consulta.
teal	Geese, duck and teal are abundant.
teamster	Smith found work with the Union Pacific railroad in Wyoming before becoming a teamster at Bear City River.
tear	A tear slipped down her cheek.
teapot	Gently she lifted the lid and held the teapot to her ear.
tearaway	Horatio, or Horace to his friends, is a right little tearaway !
tea	He drank hot tea from a glass.
teak	A good deal of teak and cutch is worked out.
tearfully	Alice Burton tearfully thanked the authorities for their prompt action.
teach	You teach them to respect people.
teaching	Alex was teaching Saundra to speak Spanish.
tease	She wanted to push and tease him to see how far he'd let her.
tearful	Prince Vasili pronounced these last words in a tearful voice.
tearless	Sometime with tearless eyes we'll see, Yes, there, there we'll understand '.
teaspoonful	In order to prevent disease I also add a teaspoonful of cooking salt per gallon of water.
team	A good leader makes a good team the best, as my father says.
teaser	He hadn't even had time to do the teaser puzzles on the place mat.
tearing	Toni bellowed, tearing after her.
teat	The belly to be white but teat spots permissible.
tec	Originally a joint venture between West London TEC and the Business Link it became an independent company in 2001 after a successful management buyout.
technical	There are municipal technical schools.
technetium	Once this process is underway the reduction in technetium discharges will be possible in 2006.
techie	But as she says herself, I'm not what you would call a techie.
technicality	Immediately afterward he was tried on a charge of misdemeanour, and on a technicality was again acquitted.
teasing	She couldn't resist teasing him.
technic	On the Pacific coast of America the efflorescence of basketry in every form of technic was known.
technique	This technique is in every way closely akin to that of the modern Kabyle.
technicolor	Instead of reading words on a page and trying to imagine a concept, we can see it, as the old expression goes, in Technicolor.
technics	It also has training-colleges, a lycee, a school of art and technics, museums of antiquities, natural history and painting, and several learned societies.
tech	Vrchlicky, a master of verse and a perfect cosmopolitan, and tech, who took the material for his epics from Czech history, are the outstanding names of this epoch.
technician	Megan held Clarissa's hand while the technician took the X-rays.
technologic	Its soundboard pumps out the familiar sayings from Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger and Technologic.
technically	Technically that's true, but maybe she has an angle.
technology	The ability of science and technology to improve human life is known to us.
technological	I think the technological leap beyond the next one will take us to the stars.
technologist	A trained x-ray technologist takes the x ray.
tectonic	In the tectonic structure of Asia the Kuen-lun forms, as it were, the backbone of the continent.
techy	Nothing too techy or flash about it, just a great fun phone.
tedious	It gets tedious, but I get a kick out of doing it that way.
tectonics	The pressure of the vise is from plate movement or plate tectonics.
technologically	Your widget is now more technologically advanced.
teeming	At one time, however, Mesopotamia was teeming with life.
ted	Ted was ideally placed to make use of neutron diffraction to study the nature of the vortex state.
tedium	The tedium of that work is hard to conceive.
tedder	Tedder, librarian of the Athenaeum Club; and the work was resumed accordingly after his death, five more parts being arranged for, one of which was published in 1910.
teem	The ordinary bazar copies of the poem, repeatedly reproduced by lithography, teem with interpolations and variations from the poet's language.
tediousness	The uniform result of all experiments has only been to demonstrate the scientific soundness of the ordinary process of water-retting, and all the proposed improvements of recent times seek to obviate the tediousness, difficulties and uncertainties of the process as carried on in the open air.
tee	Jeans, sneakers and a Harvard tee shirt made up her attire.
teensy	Most teensy men's swimsuits are appropriate for private parties where your goal is to display your assets and get noticed!
teenaged	It was beginning to look more as if Jeffrey Byrne pulled a stupid stunt after a few too many drinks in a lonely motel, leaving a widow and a teenaged son to fend for themselves.
teeny	Some of the bookstores are tucked down alleys or behind teeny entrance gardens.
teething	Biting is a natural phase for all puppies, especially when they're teething.
teeth	She had teeth, fingernails and a healthy kick.
teeter	Taran saw the two struggling figures teeter dangerously close to the edge of a pit.
teetotal	Strictly teetotal, Peter doesn't need drink to get him going.
teepee	Including resort teepee ladies quot sometimes off a telephone call of the stage.
teetotaler	I did indulge in alcohol in college and for some years after, but became a teetotaler many years ago.
teenage	I wanted to ask Billy about teenage partying.
tefl	Some schools will employ teachers without a TEFL certifi cate but it's better to have it as back up.
teg	As the direct line of succession died out with Har Krishan, the guruship harked back at this point to Teg Bahadur, the second son of Har Govind and uncle of Har Rai.
tegument	An Fc receptor for human immunoglobulin G is located within the tegument of human cytomegalovirus.
teenager	The moody teenager was back.
tegumentary	No doubt the primary object of the cell-wall of even the humblest protoplast is protection, and this too is the meaning of the coarser tegumentary structures of a bulkier plant.
tel	Some recent finds have, indeed, seemed to make inferential reference to the Hebrews, and the marvellous collection of letters of the XVIIIth dynasty found at Tel el-Amarnaletters to which we shall refer later - have the utmost importance as proving a possible early date for the Mosaic accounts.
teens	The children were monitored by a few teens, who sat in one corner laughing and talking.
telecast	As Jeff watches the latest telecast on Ocean Pioneer II, Thunderbird 2 lands.
tele	I knew I shouldn't have touched them, but I did, they looked just like the ballet shoe on the tele.
teen	The teen took her arm then nudged her to walk.
telecommunication	However the wireless telecommunication service sector was down 5% .
telecommunications	The focus of this project was security for mobile telecommunications.
teleconference	This site offers a combination of free resources, online courses, and teleconference seminars on the principles of Fibonacci Trading.
telegram	The telegram stated that the position of matters was grave, and that it was of the utmost importance that the colony should secure the services of someone of proved ability, firmness and energy.
telecommuting	All Freelance Freelance jobs and resources for telecommuting professionals.
telegraphy	Braun also gave an interesting solution of the problem of directive telegraphy.'
telegraphic	There is an extensive telegraphic system linking the towns of the province to one another, and, through the surrounding countries, with Europe and the rest of the world.
telekinesis	Three months Later... John used telekinesis to switch off the small screen that floated across the room from him.
telemarketing	By signing up for this list, you are blocking cell phone numbers from being displayed on the usual telemarketing phone lists.
telemetry	A variety of options to reduce the data rates to within the RGS telemetry bandwidth limits are available.
teleology	The challenge for any mechanistic theory, then, is to explain the teleology of the human world in non-teleological terms.
teleological	Hegel gives a place in his metaphysical system to the mechanical and the teleological views; yet in his treatment of the world as an evolution the idea of end or purpose is the predominant one.
telepath	For the telepath that had to work to keep the voices out, he was a pleasant change.
telephone	The voice on the telephone became urgent.
telepathy	The final type of psychic information received is telepathy.
telephonic	Heaviside in 1887 succeeded in communicating by telephonic speech between the surface of the earth and the subterranean galleries of the Broomhill collieries, 350 feet deep, by laying above and below ground two complete metallic circuits, each about 24 m.
telepathic	His telepathic gift allows him insight into everyone except Bella.
telepathically	Professor X's first student was 11-year-old Jean Gray, traumatized when she telepathically experienced the emotions of a dying friend.
telephony	The principles of telegraphy (land, submarine and wireless) and of telephony are discussed in the articles Telegraph and Telephone, and various electrical instruments are treated in separate articles such as Amperemeter; Electrometer; Galvanometer; Voltmeter; Wheatstone'S Bridge; Potentiometer; Meter, Electric; Electrophorus; Leyden Jar; &C.
telegraph	Telegraph operators used to have to send every message by hand.
telephotographic	He also demonstrates how enlarged images can be produced and projected on paper by using a concave lens at a suitable distance behind the convex, as in modern telephotographic lenses.
telephonist	I have done telephonist work for eight years with the GPO.
telesales	Hiring telesales reps at will makes the most sense.
teleprinter	The teleprinters produced a punched tape, which could be resent via another teleprinter link.
telescopic	The telescopic mast consists of 8 tubes.
telethon	Queen 's established the Alumni Fund in May 1999 with the launch of the first telethon.
teletext	You can also receive analog teletext on your PC screen!
tell	Then there will be no one to tell tales.
telescope	A telescope is like a very strong eye.
telex	There is an old telex machine in one of the offices, sitting dusty in the corner, making you think it's 1976.
teller	By this lexicon Teller had put himself amongst the most advanced rationalists, and his opponents charged him with the design of overthrowing positive Christianity altogether.
telluric	This iron is considered by several of the first authoritieson the subject to be of meteoric origin,' but no evidence hitherto given seems to prove decisively that it cannot be telluric. That the nodules found were lying on gneissic rock, with no basaltic rocks in the neighbourhood, does not prove that the iron may not originate from basalt, for the nodules may have been transported by the glaciers, like other erratic blocks, and will stand erosion much longer than the basalt, which may long ago have disappeared.
telltale	Dean tried to isolate the sound, looking frantically in all downward directions, trying to see a trace, a telltale puff of smoke in the gathering dusk.
telnet	In particular, do not run a telnet daemon; use the secure shell daemon instead.
telly	There is a pool table and telly for the sports.
tellurium	The presence of tellurium in native sulphur is rare, but is known in certain specimens from Japan.
temerity	He now bitterly regretted his temerity in braving the danger.
television	He had been spending too much time with the television lately.
tem	This page gives an overview of all articles in the 1911 Brittanica which are alphabetized under Tas to Tem.
tempera	It was painted in tempera about 1495, in commemoration of the battle of Fornovo, which Ginfrancesco Gonzaga found it convenient to represent to his lieges as an Italian victory, though in fact it had been a French victory; the church which originally housed the picture was built from Mantegna's own design.
temperamental	All I know is that he's temperamental, and you'd better stay away from him.
telling	If Alex knew that, he gave no indication - and she had no intention of telling him.
temp	The average temp from May to Oct is 20 to 30 degrees.
temperately	It pointed out distinctly and temperately the grounds of the right of punishment, and from these principles deduced certain propositions as to the nature and amount of punishment which should be inflicted for any crime.
temperance	This creature succeeded by other means than temperance and purity.
tempering	The peculiarity of these steels is that no quenching or tempering is required.
tempestuous	The tempestuous politics of the war and reconstruction period suited his aggressive nature and constructive talent.
temperament	He had a gentle temperament, though.
tempi	The standard modern work on Savonarola is Pasquale Villari's, La Storia di Fra Girolamo Savonarola e de' suoi tempi (Florence, 1887) based on an exhaustive study of the original authorities and containing a number of new documents (English translation by Linda Villari, London, 1889).
temperate	The climate is cool and bracing, and the products of the vicinity include many of the temperate zone.
tempest	Instantly the tempest subsided, and we went upstairs together.
tempo	The lyrics are masterfully crafted around a funky beat and a tempo that is entirely apt.
temper	Her temper rose with her voice.
templar	On the 13th of October 1307 came the arrest of all the Knights Templar in France, the breaking of a storm conjured up by royal jealousy and greed.
temporality	In the interval, Douglas's rights in Aberbrothock had been transferred to James Beaton, archbishop of Glasgow, and he was now without title or temporality.
temperature	They can't keep her temperature down.
temporize	Henrys lieutenants were compelled to temporize and make concessions.
tempt	He'll be too sleepy to tempt me.
temple	The feel of his warm fingers on her temple was comforting.
tempting	Only his idea of tempting her with a fine house hadn't worked.
temporal	The Bible gives me a deep, comforting sense that things seen are temporal, and things unseen are eternal.
template	A new skin or template would be worth looking into.
tempter	At his appearing all nature rejoices (Yasht, 13, 93); he enters into conflict with the demons and rids the earth of their presence (Yasht, 17,19); Satan approaches him as tempter to make him renounce his faith (Vendidad, 19, 6).
tempura	Other options, ranging from confit of duck leg to tiger prawns in tempura batter, are more cosmopolitan.
tenacity	She fought with tenacity born of desperation.
tenable	This award is not tenable by students of Natural Sciences.
tenacious	Still alive... tenacious... serves him right!
tenaciously	The young attorney was always well pre­pared, and the police appreciated how tenaciously he pursued his cases.
temporary	The artificial breeze from the fan provided only temporary relief.
tenantry	Leases for a term of years, however, were not uncommon; but the want of capital rendered it impossible for the tenantry to attempt any spirited improvements.
tenancy	There is no tenancy by sufferance against the crown.
temptation	I've been able to push temptation away.
temptress	In his letters to his friend Mathilde Wesendonck, it appears that while he was composing Tristan he already had the inspiration of working out the identification of Kundry, the messenger of the Grail, with the temptress who, under the spell of Klingsor, seduces the knights of the Grail; and he had, moreover, thought out the impressively obscure suggestion that she was Herodias, condemned like the wandering Jew to live till the Saviour's second coming.
tenant	If the tenant paid his rent, the landlord could not forbid subletting.
ten	What she knew was that her father and his lies had skewed her outlook on her world for ten years.
tendency	I didn't particularly want to but I've always had a tendency to please.
tend	We tend to never forget.
tench	Albinos seem to be rather common; and as in other fishes (for instance, the tench, carp, eel, flounder), the colour of most of these albinos is a bright orange or golden yellow; occasionally even this shade of colour is lost, the fish being more or less pure white or silvery.
tender	His eyes were so tender — so sweet.
tendentious	Of course, all of this is tendentious nonsense.
tenderize	One is to increase the flow of adrenalin and the other is to tenderize the meat.
tenderly	They kissed tenderly and Jackson began to relax.
tenderness	In fact, they held a tenderness she had never seen.
tenet	Yet, in striking contrast to this orthodox tenet is his vivid conception of the weakness and misery of men, the hopelessness of the struggle with evil, whether in society or in the individual.
tenderloin	Oh yeah, tenderloin will work.
tennis	They like their iPods, their laptops, their cars, their tennis shoes, and so on.
tenement	The birthplace of Longfellow is now a tenement house.
tenfold	The sense of power increased tenfold as she entered the mansion.
tendril	Opposite some of these leaves springs a tendril, by aid of which the plant climbs.
tenor	This, however, does not disturb the tenor of the following arguments.
tense	Jackson felt her body tense as her face set in anger.
tenner	All takes place from 9.30pm to 5am - tickets are twelve quid, or a tenner for Fabric First members and NUS card holders.
tendon	In the midline is the central tendon, the fibrous pericardium attaches to the superior aspect of this tendon.
tenotomy	Approach to the medial aspect of the elbow using a tenotomy of the pronator teres muscle.
tensely	Josh released her and turned on Alex, who waited tensely in the kitchen doorway; hopelessly outmatched, but obviously determined.
tenseness	Could he feel the tenseness in her body?
tenosynovitis	A small number of children have their disease complicated by active arthritis on the affected side, including tenosynovitis.
tenon	If the cutter is exactly 6mm diameter, the tenon will be 10mm wide.
tension	The tension was paying its toll in another way.
tenser	Her small, shapely form grew tenser and closer to the computer as the levels increased.
tent	He returned to his tent, deep in thought.
tensile	Its tensile strength is higher than that of steel.
tentacle	The base of a tentacle bisected in the middle line.
tentacular	Tentacular blood-vessel arising from the cut arm-vessel in the small arm-sinus.
tentatively	She tentatively raised her hand.
tentative	Dean took a deep breath and crept a few tentative steps into the darkness.
tenter	One, the Surry Mountain Campground was near our house and a brief drive-through showed only one out of state visitor, a New Hampshire tenter.
tenure	It is impossible here to deal with the systems of land tenure in force in other countries.
tenuous	I had little doubt Quinn would tell Howie, disrupting his tenuous relationship with Julie.
tensor	Like all muscles, the tensor fascia lata has a band of connective tissue at each end which bind it to bone.
tenuity	The extreme tenuity of objects which are hammered, drawn or rolled cannot for obvious reasons be attained by casting.
tepee	Make a tepee easily with construction paper.
tepid	She lifted her canteen and allowed herself a swallow of the tepid water.
tenth	I was in tenth grade, but certainly nowhere near the top of my class.
tequila	Fred poured a full glass of Tequila for Weller but left the other two glasses empty.
tercentenary	At the tercentenary of Bishop Morgan's Bible in 1888 a national movement of appreciation was set on foot amongst Welshmen of all denominations both at home and abroad, with the result that XXVIII.
terce	Branches of palm, olive or sprouting willow (hence in England known as palm) having been placed before the altar, or at the Epistle side, after Terce and the sprinkling of holy water, the priest, either in a purple cope or an alb without chasuble, proceeds to bless them.
tergal	It is represented by a full-sized tergal plate in the Pseudo-scorpiones.
teratology	Teratology, &c.Masters, Vegetable Teratology, Ray Society (1869); Molliard, Ckcidies florales, Ann.
termagant	In incidental allusions he lets us know that he had been engaged in trade, that his wife was a termagant, and that his children were ill brought up. Various views have been held as to the identity of the author.
teredo	Jarrah timber is nearly impervious to the attacks of the teredo, and there is good evidence to show that, exposed to wear and weather, or placed under the soil, or used as submarine piles, the wood remained intact after nearly fifty years' trial.
termination	During the war the number decreased, but on its termination the trade immediately revived.
tergum	This telson may enlarge, it may possibly even become internally and sternally developed as partially separate somites, and the tergum may remain without trace of somite formation, or, as appears to be the case in Limulus, the telson gives rise to a few well-marked somites (mesosoma and two others) and then enlarges without further trace of segmentation, whilst the chitinous integument which develops in increasing thickness on the terga as growth advances welds together the unsegmented telson and the somites in front of it, which were previ ously marked by separate tergal thickenings.
terminable	Terminable 3% rentes 148,490,400
terminate	The owner could call in his land and terminate the relation at any time, for any reason, or for none at all.
terminology	In this kingdom the system of agricultural terminology was based on it.
terminally	I feared my unique relationship with Martha was terminally damaged and if so, I was heartbroken.
term	Praying she hadn't missed some term of the deal, she waited for his reaction.
termites	Termites rear sharp pointed hills, often over 20 ft.
termini	These are places where the mode of travelling or of transport is changed, such as seaports, river ports and railway termini, or natural resting-places, such as a ford, the foot of a steep ascent on a road, the entrance of a valley leading up from a plain into the mountains, or a crossing-place of roads or railways.'
termite	Now, the two cities thrive like termite nests.
terminal	The beetles have feelers with eleven segments, whereof the terminal few are thickened so as to form a club.
terminating	From the lower rim of the mitre at the back hang two bands (infulae), terminating in fringes.
terminus	The town is the terminus of railways to north and south.
tern	The Little Tern (Sterna albifrons) is one of Britain's rarest breeding seabirds.
termly	An events calendar is provided on a termly basis.
ternate	The residency shares with that of Ternate the administration of the Moluccas, the previous government of which was abolished in 1867.
terrain	The terrain was rough, covered with brush choked ravines and sharp granite bluffs.
ternary	The idea_can be generalized so as to have regard to ternary and higher forms each of the same order and of the same number of variables.
terrapin	In the salt marshes of the coast occurs the diamond-backed terrapin.
terracotta	Warm terracotta pots, either plain or with a simple pattern, are ideal.
terrarium	Check on the terrarium each day and note any changes.
terra	The volcanic region of the Terra di Lavoro is separated by the Volscian mountains from the Roman district.
terrazzo	Terrazzo marble in Venetian mosaic is used for the floors of the entrance hall and corridors, and the steps of the staircase.
terrible	It was a terrible choice for a hiding place.
terribly	He'd be terribly upset.
terrifically	Whether flying solo or matching a partner, these are terrifically stylish shorts.
territorial	No territorial association was needed.
terrier	Subsequently this terrier had pups to a black-brindled terrier.
terrace	On the lower terrace of the great plateau we find an 1 In Vega Exped.
territory	I will be in your territory for some time.
terrify	That would terrify me personally, to be the center of attention from someone like him.
terrified	You're brave, but you're terrified as well.
terrestrial	Only one terrestrial planet is known to have an active hydrosphere, Earth.
territorially	The domestic order and tranquillity of the kingdom had been restored by his painstaking father, but Poland had shrunk territorially since the age of his grandfather Boleslaus I., and it was the aim of Boleslaus II.
terrine	My guest had the crispy duck leg confit with sweet potato and thyme terrine with vanilla jus, (£ 16.00 ).
terrific	War broke out in 1665, and was marked by a series of terrific battles.
terrorism	No longer a tyrant of Ezzelinos stamp, he reigned by intelligence and terrorism masked beneath a smile.
terrorist	His indignation carried him into accord for a time with those who advocated the terrorist policy.
terms	The terms are completed.
terrorize	All this was done to terrorize the reactionaries and isolate the tsarevich.
terry	Terry, against Fort Fisher, in 1865; within sight of its parapets was fought the famous duel between the Monitor and the Merrimac (March 9, 1862).
terse	I could tell by her terse response Molly was nearby.
terseness	Yet some of his earlier productions are distinguished by classical terseness.
tertian	Three distinct parasites, corresponding with the tertian,.
test	We conducted one more test before lunch.
terror	Anger and terror were on his face.
tesla	I'll bet it was the damn buzzing of your Tesla thing.
tessera	A piece of a Roman mosaic was called a tessera.
tessellated	Colchicum tessellated hybrid The tessellated hybrid The tessellated hybrid Colchicum I showed you last week is now in its full glory and looking fabulous.
testa	Each fibre is formed by the outgrowth of a single epidermal cell of the testa or outer coat of the seed.
testamentary	This right and duty became a jurisdiction in all testamentary causes.
tertiary	The Tertiary deposits cover the whole of the central depression, where they are associated with extensive flows of lava and beds of volcanic ash.
testator	By his will he left a large sum for the building and the perpetual repair of public baths, and the interest of a still larger sum for the benefit of one hundred freedmen of the testator and, ultimately, for an annual banquet.
testament	His optimistic attitude was a testament to Nick's love of life.
tester	He held up the tester.
testicular	However, in the case of testicular tumors, a small secondary hydrocele is present in one third of cases.
testicle	However, the only way to be certain that the lump is cancer is for the surgeon to examine the testicle during an operation.
testes	Both right and left testes are functional.
testify	He agreed to come back and testify if CBI needed him, when they pinned his accident on you.
testimonial	It is not the fortune of many more brilliant statesmen to earn this testimonial to character.
testis	In C. nigrescens and in some other species a zooid may contain a pair of ovaries, a pair of testes, or an ovary and a testis, although the males, females and hermaj phrodites do not differ from one another in external characters.
testy	Prodi became more than a little testy when I raised the subject.
testimony	Bobby and Dean had reviewed the testimony the prior week.
tetanic	The patient is then seized with violent convulsions of a tetanic character; the arms are stretched out, respiration impeded, the muscles are rigid, the body is thrown into opisthotonos, i.e.
testosterone	Some Chinese sounding herbs were supposed to increase testosterone.
tetanus	Toxins may thus become so closely keyed into their corresponding atom groups, as for instance in tetanus, that they are no longer free to combine with the antitoxin; or, again, an antitoxin injected before a toxin may anticipate it and, preventing its mischievous adhesion, dismiss it for excretion.
testing	She sensed him testing his bonds.
tetrad	Most have proved to be new tetrad records and some have been new to that ten km square.
tetchy	As the match progressed it became increasingly tetchy with several personal battles carrying on all over the pitch.
tetrachord	So persistently does the human ear rebel against the division of the tetrachord into two greater tones and a leimma or hemitone, as represented by the fractions 9, 9, 26, that, centuries before the possibility of reconciling the demands of the ear with those of exact science was satisfactorily demonstrated, the Aristoxenian school advocated the use of an empirical scale, sounding pleasant to the sense, in preference to an unpleasing tonality founded upon immutable proportions.
tether	The Conservative government was then at the end of its tether, and the project fell through.
tetragonal	When precipitated from solutions it forms red tetragonal crystals, which, on careful heating, give a yellow rhombic form, also obtained by crystallization from the fused substance, or by sublimation.
tetralogy	Reference to Malory is alluded to in TH White's novel tetralogy The Once and Future King.
tetrahedral	The formula has the advantage that it may be constructed from tetrahedral models of the carbon atom; but it involves the assumption that the molecule has within it a mechanism, equivalent in a measure to a system of railway points, which can readily close up and pass into that characteristic of benzene.
tetrahedron	Related to the tetrahedron are two spheres which have received much attention.
tetrameter	Each of these hymns has eight four-line stanzas and is written in strict iambic tetrameter.
tetrastyle	Noteworthy among the buildings within the ancient citadel is a small tetrastyle temple, variously ascribed to Jupiter and Minerva, the portico supported by six monolithic columns of cippolino, four being in front.
textbook	A textbook example of this is Eli Whitney and the cotton gin.
tetravalent	In many cases it may be connected with basic oxygen, and the salt formation is assumed to involve the passage of divalent into tetravalent oxygen.
textile	Textile plants are extremely common.
teuton	Hence the connexion between Celt and Teuton as regards writing must go back to a period preceding the Viking inroads of the 8th century.
textually	In 1802 Napoleon contented himself by embodying Bossuet's declaration textually in a statute.
textual	The chief value of this very scholarly book is to be found in its textual side.
textural	Even the simplest rhythms and lead lines can become dramatic, counter rhythmical textural effects can't say fairer than that, eh?
thallophytes	In plant cells its presence has been demonstrated in the Thallophytes and Bryophytes.
than	He thinks you are better than us.
thank	Thank you for inviting us.
thalidomide	Another trial is looking at using the drug thalidomide to help slow down or stop cachexia.
thankful	I'm thankful that one of those things is me.
thai	Lao is therefore rather a political than an ethnical title, and the people cordially dislike the name, insisting on their right to be called Thai.
thallium	Rubidium, caesium, thallium, indium and gallium were first discovered by means of this instrument; the study of the rare earths is greatly facilitated, and the composition of the heavenly bodies alone determinable by it.
thallus	The Mosses and Liverworts include forms with a more or less leaf-like thallus, such as many of the liverworts, and forms in which the plant shows a differentiation into a stem bearing remarkably simple leaves, as in the true mosses.
thankfulness	It contains three divisions dealing with (1) man's sin, misery, redemption, (2) the Trinity, (3) thankfulness, under which is included all practical Christian life lived in gratitude for mercies received.
textured	Feeding soft, textured foods tends to reduce mechanical abrasion especially in the buccal surface of the caudal cheek teeth.
thanks	Thanks, but I did all this by myself until you came along.
thankfully	Thankfully, he seemed relaxed.
that	I thought that was the best way to carry her.
teutonic	It is common to Teutonic languages, cf.
thankless	On the whole they performed a thankless duty with considerable ability.
thatch	It was wood & thatch with a brick chimney.
thatched	The roofs were thatched with bark, straw, reeds or rushes.
text	I'll text you my address.
thatching	The leaves of Sabal palmetto, the thatch or palmetto palm, are used for thatching.
thanksgiving	I guess it really is Thanksgiving next week.
thaw	It was frozen, but it would soon thaw in this heat.
thatcher	Thatcher, Studies concerning Adrian IV.
the	The horse did not stir.
texture	A soil of very close texture, the gabbro, is found, most largely in the north-east.
thawing	What is man but a mass of thawing clay?
theatral	This road was flanked by magazines, some belonging to the royal armoury, and abutted on a paved area with stepped seats on two sides (theatral area).
theatrics	Their stage theatrics were quite boring, Hotel would often gyrate and bob, whilst kicking out those superb blues riffs.
theatricals	Theatricals, hunting, and heaven knows what besides!
theatricality	Not until the third act does the great Wagner arbitrate in the struggle between amateurishness and theatricality in the music, though at all points his epoch-making stagecraft asserts itself with a force that tempts us to treat the whole work as if it were on the Wagnerian plane of Tannhauser's account of his pilgrimage in the third act.
theatrically	These films, exclusive to their television networks, outdrew their theatrically released counterparts leaving Goldfinger and The Graduate.
theatrical	Theatrical costumes and appliances are also made in Milan, which is an important theatrical centre.
thee	If it be God's will to prove thee in the duties of marriage, be ready to fulfill His will.
them	We'll take care of them together.
theist	On the other hand, no Christian, and perhaps no theist, is interested in maintaining that Butler grasps the whole truth.
theistic	But he did more than interpret to his age the significance of man's ultimate theistic beliefs, he gave them vitality by reading them through the consciousness of Jesus Christ.
theirs	Now, take theirs and do the same.
theater	Where is the closest theater?
then	Then he picked up another box.
thematic	The remaining chapters of the book are thematic in nature.
theft	Surely Yancey wasn't involved in art theft as well.
theism	If the word deism emphasizes a negative element - rejection of church Christianity - theism generally emphasizes the positive element - belief in God.
theocratic	It began in the 13th century, as a protest against the theocratic pretensions of the medieval popes.
theocracy	They should persuade him that we are not running a theocracy, at least, not as yet.
their	At home, presents were under the tree, waiting for their return.
thenceforth	The peace of Tilsit (July 7, 1807) enabled Napoleon to press on his projects for securing the command of the Mediterranean, thenceforth a fundamental axiom of his policy.
theogony	The rhapsodic theogony in particular exercised great influence on Neoplatonism.
theodolite	When truly adjusted the theodolite measures the horizontal angle between any two objects, however much they may differ in altitude, as the pole star and any terrestrial object.
thenceforward	Thenceforward he withdrew from active life and devoted himself to literature.
theme	Carmen had chosen the colors pastel violet and light gray, with the theme being hearts and the flowers being forget-me-nots.
themselves	They were sitting around the fire and trying to keep themselves warm.
theatre	He waved her out of the theatre and led her toward the mansion.
theologian	The publication of his best-known work, True Religion Delineated (1750), won for him a high reputation as a theologian, and the book was several times reprinted both in England and in America.
theorem	This is the true standpoint from which the theorem should be regarded.
theorist	The great theorist of these conquistadores was Machiavelli.
theoretic	And indeed, whilst in theoretic theology Brahma has retained his traditional place and function down to our own days, his practical cult has at all times remained extremely limited, the only temple dedicated to the worship of this god being found at Pushkar (Pokhar) near Ajmir in Rajputana.
theoretician	Syllabus This course is an introduction to database theory for the working theoretician.
theory	The findings are discussed in the context of a competing theory.
theoretically	It is to solve some of the problems of life, not only theoretically, but practically.
theosophist	The Indian theosophist would doubtless have little difficulty in answering that question.
theosophical	Accordingly, the last age of Greek philosophy is theosophical in character, and its ultimate end is a practical satisfaction.
theorize	There is no information for us to interpret or theorize about.
theological	Jowett's theological work was transitional, and yet has an element of permanence.
theosophic	The Brahman priest (brahma) being thus the recognized head of the sacerdotal order (brahma), which itself is the visible embodiment of sacred writ and the devotional spirit pervading it (brahma), the complete realization of theocratic aspirations required but a single step, which was indeed taken in the theosophic speculations of the later Vedic poets and the authors of the Brahmanas (q.v.), viz.
theology	He had graduated in law, and not in theology.
thence	The supply from the cold water cistern enters the bottom of the cylinder, and thence travels by way of the return pipe to the boiler, where it is heated, and back through the flow pipe to the cylinder, which is thus soon filled with hot water.
theosophy	The systematic theosophy of Plotinus and his successors does not belong to the present article, except so far as it is the presupposition of their mysticism; but, inasmuch as the mysticism of the medieval Church is directly derived from Neoplatonism through the speculations of the pseudo-Dionysius, Neoplatonic mysticism fills an important section in any historical review of the subject.
there	There was shopping and packing to be done before they left on vacation.
therapeutics	The moral therapeutics consists in the influence of a powerful will over others.
thereabouts	The tale of completed work for these twelve or fourteen years (1470-1483 or thereabouts) is thus very scanty.
thereafter	This commando was defeated at Viervoet, near Thaba Nchu, by the Basuto, who thereafter raided and plundered the natives opposed to them and the farmers who had helped the British.
thereat	In future attendance at the forest courts is only obligatory on those who have business thereat.
therapeutical	A higher rank among medical writers is assigned to Alexander of Tralles (525-605), whose doctrine was that of an eclectic. His practical and therapeutical rules are evidently the fruit of his own experience, though it would be difficult to attribute to him any decided advance in medical knowledge.
therefore	The storm made the forest pitch dark; therefore, searching was useless until it abated.
therapeutic	Maybe it was therapeutic for him in some way.
theoretical	Its discussion may be found in any work on theoretical astronomy.
therefor	The causes for a divorce are adultery, incompetency, conviction of a felony and sentence to imprisonment therefor after marriage, conviction of a felony or infamous crime before marriage provided it was unknown to the other party, habitual drunkenness, extreme cruelty, intolerable indignities, neglect of the husband to provide the common necessaries of life, vagrancy of the husband and pregnancy of the wife before marriage by another man than her husband and without his knowledge.
thereof	At least forty days' notice of the meeting must be given, and the cause thereof specified.
therefrom	By the law of 1905 all the churches ceased to be recognized or supported by the state and became entirely separated therefrom, while the adherents of all creeds were permitted to form associations for public worship (associations cultuelles), upon which the expenses of maintenance were from that time to devolve.
therein	And therein lay the difference.
thereon	An amendment may be submitted to the people at the next general election by a two-thirds vote of the members elected to each house of the legislature, and only a majority of the electors voting thereon is required for approval.
therapist	Seeing a speech therapist would have helped, but he managed to do it on his own.
thereto	The moral effect of the report, with the criticisms of the company's methods and recommendations appended thereto, is great, and it rarely happens that a company refuses to adopt, or at any rate to test, the recommendations so made.
thereunder	By the Meat and Canned Foods Act of 1907 of the Dominion parliament and regulations thereunder, the trade is carried on under the strictest government supervision, and no canned articles of food may be exported unless passed as absolutely wholesome and officially marked as such by government inspectors.
therapy	Maybe he needs a little shock therapy to bring him back.
thereby	The settlement which he thereby imposed was in many ways excellent; but it was dearly purchased by the complete ascendancy of Bonaparte in all important affairs, and by the claim for the services of a considerable contingent of Swiss troops which he thereafter rigorously enforced.
thermic	In common with Gay Lussac and Davy, he held subterraneous thermic disturbances to be probably due to the contact of water with metals of the alkalis and alkaline earths.
therewith	The ministers with all but absolute unanimity decided to commute their life-interest and form therewith a great fund for the support of the Church.
thermit	This steel represents about one-half of the original thermit by weight and one-third by volume.
thermite	For example when measuring the heat output from a firework or thermite reaction.
thermochemistry	The heat-units employed in thermochemistry have varied from time to time.
thermochemical	Davy, Count Rumford, all concerned themselves with thermochemical investigations of such processes.
thereupon	He thereupon produced the church's poor people.
thermodynamic	Hence we get the equation Ee = Le +Te (dE/dT) or E = L+T(dE/dT), as a particular case of the general thermodynamic equation of available energy.
thermal	There are important mineral and thermal springs in various parts of the island.
thermodynamics	An historical account of the development of thermodynamics is given in the article Heat.
thermogenesis	They work synergistically to enhance thermogenesis - the body's ability to free fatty acids and use them for energy.
thermograph	In the case of the unifilar suspension, the provision of a temperature compensation is not so easy, so that what is generally done is to protect the instrument from temperature variation as much as possible and then to correct the indications so as to allow for the residual changes, a continuous record of the temperature being kept by a recording thermograph attached to the instrument.
thermoelectric	In 1873 he took thermoelectricity for the subject of his discourse as Rede lecturer at Cambridge, and in the same year he presented the first sketch of his well-known thermoelectric diagram before the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
thermoelectricity	In 1873 he took thermoelectricity for the subject of his discourse as Rede lecturer at Cambridge, and in the same year he presented the first sketch of his well-known thermoelectric diagram before the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
thermogenic	Other herbs are considered thermogenic, better known as fat burners, due to the natural presence of caffeine.
thermometry	Bedford, who compared directly the freezing points of dilute solutions with those of the pure solvent in similar conditions by the accurate methods of platinum thermometry.
thermometric	A Log Book is a marine or sea journal, containing, in the British navy, the speed, course, leeway, direction and force of the wind, state of the weather, and barometric and thermometric observations.
thermometer	The thermometer nailed to the porch read eighty-five degrees.
thermonuclear	Like all stars, the sun generates its energy by a nuclear process known as thermonuclear fusion.
thermopile	The imperfections of the thermopile, with which he began his work, led him, about 1880, to the invention of the bolometer, an instrument of extraordinary delicacy, which in its most refined form is believed to be capable of detecting a change of temperature amounting to less than one-hundred-millionth of a degree Centigrade.
thermos	Pouring some coffee into a thermos, she headed for the barn again.
thermoplastic	Remember that thermoplastic tiles come in decorative patterns and plain tiles, so there is no need to stick to one design for the space.
thermosphere	The modeling work at APL goes back thirty years for the terrestrial thermosphere.
thermosetting	Both the surface and the core are made of thermosetting resins, which make them impervious to moisture.
thermostat	She hadn't been able to shake the cold she felt and was dressed in layers despite the thermostat being set to eighty.
thermostable	The antibody recognizes a water soluble thermostable antigen that is present in the extracellular matrix surrounding the hyphae.
these	You'll have to show me these beautiful flowers.
thermotherapy	Thermotherapy is also often used in conjunction with radiation therapy or drug therapy (chemotherapy).
thermostatic	However, in 1959, Mira developed the first thermostatic mixer shower designed to cope with the unique UK domestic water supplies.
thesaurus	The results were compared with Vega's Thesaurus (1794) before publication.
thesis	First, we will list the basics of my thesis about the future.
theta	At the time of his death he was engaged upon a memoir on the Theta and Omega Functions, which he left nearly complete.
theses	Theses are generally examined by two or more specialists.
they	They had two adopted children already.
thick	It was dark, shiny, thick and long.
theurgy	He pandered to the emperor's love of magic and theurgy, and by judicious administration of the omens won a high position at court.
thiamine	This involves the prosthetic group thiamine pyrophosphate, or TPP.
thickly	The surrounding country is thickly populated.
thief	He might think you're a sneak thief and shoot you with that big gun he carries.
thicket	To her right was a blackberry thicket laden with berries – mostly red, but some dark.
thieve	Gleefully unreconstructed punks, they thieve equally from the Sex Pistols the Dead Kennedys and the Clash's weakness for dub reggae.
thicken	A further interest, to thicken the broth, is the idea of seduction.
thickening	Each bud arises as a thickening of the epithelium, which.
thievery	You can steal stereos, mug people for cash and pick locks for some old fashioned thievery.
thievish	One explanation has been sought in the legend of St Nicholas miraculously restoring to life three rich youths, who had been murdered, cut up and concealed in a salting tub by a thievish innkeeper or butcher, in whose house they had taken lodging.
thieves	Such thieves as refused to work with him received short shrift.
thimble	Give me my thimble, Miss, from there...
thine	Glorious is thine uprising from the horizon.
thickness	Borings show that the thickness of this group varies from 35 o ft.
thingy	Strangely hypnotic blue ball machine type thingy, should be experienced with the sound on to get the full effect.
thigh	Sunny perched on his thigh, purring as he patted her.
thinner	She looked thinner, pale, scared.
thinners	If you are taking blood thinners or aspirin, it may take up to ten or fifteen minutes to stop.
thinkable	The English thinkers influenced by Hegel are inclined to assert mechanism unconditionally, as the very expression of reason - the only thinkable form of order.
thinly	In the hill tracts and the marshy depression of the Ob they are unbroken, except by the bald summits of the loftier mountains (goltsy); they have the aspect of agreeable bosquets in the Baraba steppe, and they are thinly scattered through south-eastern Transbaikalia, where the dryness of the Gobi steppe makes its influence appreciably felt.
thing	How could he do such a thing to his own children?
thin	You're skating on thin ice, Mr. Juror.
thirsty	Hard work made us thirsty and hungry as well.
thinker	He was both a strategic thinker and capable of detailed execution.
thirst	Her hunger and thirst satisfied, she was getting sleepy again.
think	He could not think of anything else.
thinness	His extraordinary thinness is commemorated, among other things, by the very poor but well-known epigram attributed to Young, and identifying him at once with Satan, Death and Sin.
thirteenth	On the thirteenth of August Pierre reached Moscow.
this	This is our planting-ground.
thiosulphate	The mixed solution of poiysulphides and thiosulphate of calcium thus produced is clarified, diluted largely, and then mixed with enough of pure dilute hydrochloric acid to produce a feebly alkaline mixture when sulphur is precipitated.
thirtieth	On the 28th of February they celebrated her thirtieth birthday.
thirties	While he looked to be in his early thirties, he spoke like Jonny and Kyle.
thirdly	Thirdly, there was a dispute over the western boundary of Texas.
tho	Not too sure how long they maybe able to manipulate the market tho.
thirteen	When I was thirteen in 1981, I got a Commodore VIC-20 computer.
thistle	Soon the road opened to the beautiful meadow of Thistle Farm.
thither	He was educated at the Ecole Normale, and returned thither as director of studies in 1838, after some years spent in provincial schoolmasterships.
thorax	Each segment of the thorax carries a pair of legs.
thorium	With Three Hours' Exposure He Found The Thorium Emanation Only From 3 To 5% Of The Whole, But With 12 Hours' Exposure The Percentage Of Thorium Emanation Rose To About 15.
third	Your room is the third on the left.
thornback	Anglers who fish the beach area on a regular basis report taking the occasional thornback ray and also a few decent-sized turbot.
thoracic	The lungs are small and occupy only the dorsal portion of the thoracic cavity.
thinking	They sat silently thinking for a time.
thoroughfare	High Street, the principal business thoroughfare, is 100 ft.
thorny	His shoes were covered with mud; he had torn his coat on the thorny tree.
thorn	He'd been a thorn in her side ever since.
thoroughness	But there is enough to show the thoroughness and extent of his practical knowledge.
thoughtful	He could be tender and thoughtful, as well as charming.
though	She looked at them as though they had betrayed her.
thoughtfully	Giddon eyed her long hair thoughtfully, but said nothing.
thornless	Adjacent is the garden in which the saint's thornless roses bloom in May.
thoroughbred	Thoroughbred race-horses are registered in the General Stud Book.
thoughtless	To destroy can be the thoughtless act of a single day , This is not the end.
thought	The children thought the new game was very funny.
thirty	I grew up thirty miles to the north.
thorpe	Thorpe also prints a continuation by John Taxter (died c. 1295), a 13th-century writer and a monk of Bury St Edmunds.
thoroughgoing	It would be much nearer the truth to take both as types of a thoroughgoing rationalism.
thorp	About 3,000 tons of spent light water reactor fuel have been reprocessed at THORP since 1994.
thrash	Lawyers will thrash out the details over the next few months.
thousandfold	It has 4,000,000K of memory—once again, a thousandfold increase over its predecessor.
thoughtfulness	It is pleasant, too, to note her thoughtfulness for little children, and her readiness to yield to their whims.
thousandth	The square was laid out in 1896 to mark the thousandth anniversary of the Magyar conquest.
thraldom	The further consequence was that all aspirations were subjected to the thraldom of the Church.
thrashing	Jade had freed himself during his thrashing and launched out of the door, machete in hand as he flung himself on Kris.
thou	See also de Thou, Historia sui temporis .
thorough	He also gained a thorough acquaintance with the French language.
thoroughly	I promised you I'd investigate this as thoroughly as I could.
threadbare	Does the fabric appear threadbare in places?
thong	A length of leather thong will be threaded through here.
threaten	Did he threaten you?
thread	He picked at a thread on the couch, his mind obviously lost in deep thought.
threefold	The assessed valuation of property increased more than threefold from 1900 to 1910, being $276,801,517 in the latter year, when the bonded city debt was $ 1 7, 2 59,3 12.5 0.
threescore	They remained there for threescore years, during which the head was uncorrupted.
threepence	The expenses of a parish council may not, without the consent of a parish meeting, exceed the amount of a rate of threepence in the for the financial year; but with the consent of the parish meeting the limit may be increased to sixpence, exclusive of expenses under the adoptive acts.
three	Put three in each shoe.
threatening	Her eyes burned with threatening tears.
threat	They are a serious threat to him.
threesome	This threesome with Josh isn't what I expected.
threshold	You know when you cross that threshold, there's no going back.
thresher	Charles Kerr wrote the first policy for a thresher.
threshing	The methods of threshing and winnowing were the same as those in use in ancient Egypt.
threw	He threw her a sharp look over his shoulder.
thrift	Public thrift does not, so far, seem to have been diminished.
thrice	He was thrice re-elected to the post, twice in 1886, and again in 1892.
thriftless	A more rational system of cropping now began to take the place of the thriftless and barbarous practice of sowing successive crops of corn until the land was utterly exhausted, and then leaving it foul with weeds to recover its power by an indefinite period of rest.
threepenny	To find a threepenny dodger was very lucky, as was finding a discarded horse shoe on our rough country roads.
thresh	It usually takes a day and a quarter to thresh the wheat which it took a day to cut.
thriller	It was reminiscent of some thriller he'd read.
thrifty	He was thrifty and anxious to leave to his son a full treasury.
thriving	It is a thriving town, and the outlet for the trade of the Sivas vilayet.
thro	Aw was up and doon seekin ' for ma hinney; Aw was thro ' the toon seekin ' for ma bairn.
thrill	Frankly, that doesn't thrill me.
throat	She cleared her throat and looked down.
thrilling	One day we had a thrilling experience.
thrive	Turkeys thrive well, grow to a fine size and have flesh of tender quality.
throaty	She let out a throaty laugh.
thrived	The plants she had started in the house in March thrived.
throes	His thrashing was the signal he was in the throes of dream.
thriven	The traders of Holland and Zeeland had thriven mightily by the war.
throb	That numbness was gone and the pain was now a conscious throb.
thrombi	Blood clots (thrombi) are clumps of a naturally-occurring protein called fibrin which can accumulate in a blood vessel.
throbbing	A steady throbbing filled her ears.
thrombus	Atrial fibrillation associated with heart valve disease, valve prosthesis, heart failure, intracardiac thrombus, or thyrotoxicosis.
throne	The princess is next in line to inherit the throne of the kingdom.
thrombosis	To the discovery of the parts played in disease by thrombosis and embolism we have referred above.
throughout	Throughout a difficult pregnancy, he had never raised his voice once.
throng	A throng of officers surrounded him.
throughly	If the toothpick comes out clean, the cake is throughly baked.
throughput	Astex Technology is a structure-based drug discovery company pioneering the use of high throughput X-ray crystallography.
throve	The document which defines their duties and privileges sets forth that every ceorl who throve so that he had fully five hides of land, and a helm, and a mail-shirt, and a sword ornamented with gold, was to be reckoned gesithcund.
throttle	I began to throttle it with my hands.
through	He ran a hand through his hair.
thrum	The walk was peaceful, the starry night and thrum of crickets easing her tired mind.
throw	I thought you were going to throw that picture away.
thrush	I had heard the wood thrush long before.
throwaway	They are not throwaway items that will clutter up landfill sites for generations.
thrower	The thrower, in the ordinary form of the game, was expected to retain the recumbent position that was usual at table, and, in flinging the cottabus, to make use of his right hand only.
thruster	Helium pressurized rocket propellant and rocket fuel provides takeoff and thruster power.
throwing	It was like throwing herself against a wall.
thuggism	The honour of suppressing Thuggism must be shared between Lord William and Captain Sleeman.
thrown	Her stomach was content, and she hadn't thrown up.
thru	Over ST in fence at bottom of field, thru scrub, thru barrier then downhill along L edge of field.
thrust	Three were thrust at her.
thud	The dirt hit his body with a hollow thud.
thug	I blew apart the last thug that tried to get in here.
thumbprint	The security system didn't recognize her thumbprint.
thumb	Swipe your thumb over it once, and it stuns.
thumping	Sounds of strummed acoustic guitars, experimental guitar pedals, distorted amps and thumping bass fill the air.
thunderbolt	They were slain by Apollo for having forged the thunderbolt with which Zeus slew Asclepius.
thunder	Lightning flashed around them and thunder rumbled.
thump	The thump of a helicopter drew nearer.
thunderclap	Symptoms of a subarachnoid brain hemorrhage, a type of stroke, include the sudden onset of a severe headache called a thunderclap headache, vomiting and loss of consciousness. 47-year-old Michaels reportedly remains in critical condition.
thundering	The thundering machines sputtered and stopped.
thunderstorm	She shook like a leaf in a thunderstorm, her warm brown eyes wide and tears streaming down her cheeks.
thunderous	Shell horns are easy to blow and make a thunderous sound.
thundery	Thursday, August 12th The day was very thundery - it rained heavily almost constantly.
thur	It is built on the Murg stream a little above its junction with the Thur.
thurs	M (Charter) Thurs; gr 20 Apr 1251, by K Hen III to Edmund de Lacy, king 's yeoman.
thurible	During the mass an acolyte bore the thurible (Ordo VI.) and three assisted at the washing of the hands.
thus	Thus they stood and waited for what appeared to be the reading of a will.
thwack	Every twang of the guitar was re-produced incredibly well, drums stopped dead thwack !
thy	May each evening see that all thy wishes have been performed.
thursday	Thursday we had a picnic.
thyself	Desire nothing for thyself, seek nothing, be not anxious or envious.
thwart	No one, said his younger brother Lucien, liked to thwart him.
tiara	He caused his own old tutor, Adrian of Utrecht, to be crowned with the papal tiara, and left the English to invade Picardy entirely unassisted.
tibia	The femur is short, and the tibia and fibula of great length, as is the foot, the whole of which is applied to the ground when the animal is at rest in the upright position.
tibetan	This route is called Gya-lam, the China road (or high road); the great bulk of Tibetan travel goes over it.
thyroid	On stopping the administration of thyroid these symptoms again disappear.
thyme	Fresh or dried spices like oregano, basil, dill or thyme are common.
tibial	The moas ranged in size from that of a turkey to truly colossal dimensions, the giant being Dinornis maximus, which, with a tibial length of 39 in., stood with its small head about 12 ft.
thymol	Malefern, santonine, thymol and other anthelmintic remedies are prescribed.
tic	Shakey Jake, named for a nervous tic, looked less nervous than he should have for someone facing heavy time.
tick	The tick in his jaw belied how tightly his teeth were clamped.
ticking	The clock was ticking on the young man's stay.
ticker	Back to top 5. What is the ticker symbol or EPIC code?
ti	He was mayor of Northampton, 1910 - TI, and sat in the state Senate from 1912 to 1915, being its president during his last year.
ticket	They approached the ticket counter with 15 minutes to spare.
tickling	Tears trickled down her face, tickling her ears.
ticklish	Elmo is still ticklish, but he now does much more than just wiggle and giggle.
ticketing	Particular benefits for forecourts include eletronic e-top-ups, electronic LED pole signs, an integrated codax carwash ticketing sytem and online customer loyalty schemes.
tickle	She glanced down absently at the tickle of grass against her feet.
tickler	Keep a tickler file to remind you of lose ends requiring follow-through.
tidal	The waters of the firth are shallow, and a tidal bore occurs periodically.
tidbit	This is the tidbit which tempts his insectivorous fate.
tiddly	I'm sure the reviewers got tiddly on the Christmas liquers!
tide	If the tide had been going out, he'd be in the Atlantic by now.
tideless	They are fresh, shallow and tideless.
tideway	In the tideway the principal affluents of the Thames are the Brent at Brentford, the Wandle at Wandsworth, the Ravensbourne at Deptford, the Lea at Blackwall, the Darent just below Erith, and the Ingrebourne at Rainham, besides the Medway.
tidings	No more tidings were ever received of the deserted men.
tie	You have to tie the bales by hand, though.
tied	A rope was tied around a rock nearby.
tier	We'll make the top tier first, which is the smallest.
tidy	It was tidy – and empty.
tierce	Even in this peal, Taylors were not tuning the tierce to the theoretical value.
tiffany	The Tiffany, a magnificent orange-yellow stone, weighs 1252 carats cut.
tiered	The traditional wedding cake is a tiered white cake with butter cream icing.
tiff	Then, you will need to convert the tiff files to postscript.
tiffin	Leander and Tiffin beat Burway and Walton in the Fawley for junior quads.
tig	The decomposition of the complex molecule of the sugar liberates a certain amount of energy, as can be seen from the study of the fermentation set tig by yeast, which is a process of this kind, in that it is intensified by the absence of oxygen.
tiger	The Bengal tiger is not unfrequently met with, and wild boars are abundant.
tight	Her throat was too tight to say more.
tightrope	He is a constant theatrical innovator and a writer whose trademark is increasingly the ability to tread a delicate tightrope between humor and despair.
tighten	She watched him tighten a strap around the horse's belly.
tightwad	Is he an absentminded tightwad?
tights	Carmen was dressed in a short pink dress and white tights.
tightly	He held her tightly and stroked her hair.
tightness	In order to secure tightness in spite of cracks, mercury was placed in the bends.
tigress	The tigress gives birth to from two to five, even six cubs; but three is a frequent number.
til	The four chief varieties grown are mustard or rape seed, linseed, til or gingelly (sesamum), and castor-oil.
tilbury	The principal terminus of the Great Eastern Railway is in Liverpool Street (City), but the company also uses Fenchurch Street (City), the terminus of the London, Tilbury & Southend railway, and St Pancras.
tilde	The civil dissensions of Egypt were notorious at the tilDe.
tiling	As an industrial centre Corinth achieved pre-eminence in pottery, metal-work and decorative handicraft, and was the reputed inventor of painting and tiling; her bronze and her pottery, moulded from the soft white clay of Oneium, were widely exported over the Mediterranean.
till	I shall not be at peace till you promise me this.
tile	Cannock has tool, boiler, brick and tile works.
tiller	In bad years the tiller, moreover, gives up seed corn before beginning harvest.
tilling	If one of these adopted Islam, Omar permitted him to leave his place, which had been strictly forbidden by I.Iajjaj in Irak and the eastern provinces, because by it many hands were withdrawn from the tilling of the ground, and those who remained were unable to pay the allotted amount.
tilt	It was Darkyn's turn to tilt his head curiously.
tillage	Tillage is conducted on very primitive methods.
tilting	She gazed at the soft ceiling lighting before tilting her head to see whose quiet voices she heard.
timbered	It stood picturesquely against a timbered background of pines.
timber	The timber was white pine.
time	It isn't the first time I've cooked.
timbre	The vocal timbre is full of rich bass tones which can become almost hypnotic at times.
timeless	Further, as the causes are eternal, timeless, so creation is eternal, timeless.
timekeeper	Maybe you want to become a timekeeper of judge?
timelessness	The simple designs ensure their timelessness.
timeliness	Our range of cultivation equipment enables us to use minimum tillage or plow based systems to maximize versatility and optimize timeliness.
timelessly	It is a timelessly elegant cut that looks wonderful on girls of all ages.
timely	He regarded his project as a timely compromise.
timeout	Creates a new session settings object with the specified timeout.
times	Destiny woke several times during the night, but went back to sleep when she saw Carmen was there.
timer	He set the timer for the explosions to start on the opposite side of the planet, startled when the first went off as soon as he gave the order.
timepiece	C. Chandler to determine the latitude or correct the timepiece, of great value because of its freedom from instrumental errors.
timetable	This is really important when the primary school timetable is so pressurized!
timidity	He had a slight hesitation in his speech, and his air of timidity and reserve was almost ludicrous.
timing	Good timing, but it would have been better timing if Alex had caught her – more fun too.
timidly	She looked timidly at her brother.
timid	Another timid voice came from the hallway.
timorous	The vast majority are most likely too timorous or too intimidated to do anything about it.
thousand	I have over three thousand acres.
thrall	Fifteen years later, she is still totally brainwashed and in thrall of the control-freakery madman.
thrasher	Washington, Working With the Hands (New York, 1904); and Thrasher, Tuskegee, Its Story and Its Work (Boston, 1900).
timpani	The orchestration includes off-stage trumpets, horns and timpani.
threadworm	The threadworm or Oxyuris vermicularis is a common parasite infecting the rectum.
threadlike	The feelers have one or more thickened basal segments, while the remaining segments are slender and threadlike.
timothy	You didn't just save little Timothy, Howie.
tinctorial	Its solvent power is also utilized in the production of various colouring fluids, where the colouring matter would not dissolve in water alone; thus aniline violet, the tinctorial constituents of madder, and various allied colouring matters dissolve in glycerin, forming liquids which remain coloured even when diluted with water, the colouring matters being either retained in suspension or dissolved by the glycerin present in the diluted fluid.
tincture	He seems then or later to have acquired some tincture of learning.
tinder	The total extent tinder this crop in 1905 was about 35,000 acres, of which 45% was in Baden, 12% in Bavaria, 30% in Prussia, and the rest in Alsace and Hesse-Darmstadt.
threateningly	He took a heavy paperweight and lifted it threateningly, but at once put it back in its place.
tine	By spring some weeds are already too big for the tine weeder to tackle.
ting	Causing a ball to be potted is known as pot ting.
tin	She accepted the coffee and scowled into the tin cup.
tingle	Their energy made her skin tingle uncomfortably.
tinfoil	Now, where did I put my tinfoil hat?
tinker	His father, Thomas Bunyan,' was a tinker, or, as he described himself, a brasier.
tinge	The wood is white, but acquires a rosy tinge after exposure to light.
tinkle	He heard a tinkle of broken glass far below him as tears coursed down his cheeks.
tinkling	He waved a thorny hand and at once the tinkling of bells was heard, playing sweet music.
tinman	The methods of the first are allied to those of the tinman, those of the second to the methods of the plater.
tinned	Fresh or dried fruit, tinned fruit in natural juice Diet yogurt, sugar-free jelly.
tinning	Tinning wrought iron is effected by immersion.
tinnitus	If you are ever affected by tinnitus, we would like to hear from you.
tinny	The sound quality is really good, and has n't got tinny sound like some phones have.
tinsel	In those early years of the Christmas tree tradition, most commercial ornaments were made in Germany, as was silver tinsel and lights.
tint	One grain of saffron rubbed to powder with sugar and a little water imparts a distinctly yellow tint to ten gallons of water.
tiny	Some are very tiny and some are very large.
tinware	Malt, tinware, flour and grist-mill products, boilers, stoves and ranges, optical supplies, wall-paper, cereals, canned goods, cutlery, tin cans and wagons are manufactured, and there are also extensive nurseries.
tippet	You can also get braided leader and poly leaders to which you attach a short tippet of nylon.
tipped	He tipped his head in a silent greeting.
tipple	In the evening you can enjoy your favorite tipple in front of a real log fire.
tippler	A wagon tippler emptied the tram wagon tippler emptied the tram wagons into standard gage stock.
tip	After a silent prayer, I telephoned the tip line.
tiptop	Put everything in tiptop order, Sally.
tipster	He or she will pay, you Psychic Tipster, whoever you are!
tiptoe	He went on tiptoe to the nursery door and opened it.
tipsy	Rostov looked at the tipsy peasants and smiled.
tired	I know you must be tired, so I will let you rest.
tireless	One thing that impresses everybody is Helen's tireless activity.
tirade	The idea brought up a tirade.
tirelessly	We will strive tirelessly to achieve it.
tir	The oscillation of the centre of power between Meath and Tir Eogain, according as the ardri belonged to the southern or northern Hy Neill, produced corresponding perturbations in the balance of parties among the minor kings.
tiredness	I am going to assuage my tiredness by drinking some coffee this morning.
tire	You lost your tire repair kit in the trunk.
tiresome	It was evident that he not only knew everyone in the drawing room, but had found them to be so tiresome that it wearied him to look at or listen to them.
tiring	Tiring of the monotony of a scholastic life, he joined a troupe of travelling actors.
tiro	On the 13th of February 1880, the minister of war, Dr Carlos Pellegrini, summoned the principal officers connected with the Tiro Nacional, General Bartolome Mitre, his brother Emilio, Colonel Julio Campos, Colonel Hilario Lagos and others, and warned them that as officers of the national army they owed obedience to the national government, and would be severely punished if concerned in any revolutionary outbreak against the constituted authorities.
tisane	Leaves give a fine flavor to light dishes, stuffings and sauces; also makes a scented, warming tisane.
tis	Generous, we know, but tis the season and all that.
tit	Whatever were their views as to the relations between ecclesiastical and secular jurisdiction, the French clergy, ruined by the dues levied by the papal court, ranged themselves on the national side with the nobility and the bourgeoisie; whereupon the king, with a bold stroke far ahead of his time, gave tit for tat.
titanium	She lowered the titanium glass and stepped away, tossing the case onto a desk.
titan	Forrest; each state was a Realm under a Grand Dragon; several counties formed a Dominion under a Grand Titan; each county was a Province under a Grand Giant; the smallest division being a Den under a Grand Cyclops.
titanic	Stead was to die on the Titanic disaster of 1912.
titer	A direct correlation between survival and neutralizing antibody titer was found.
tissue	The whole of the tissue of the plant is formed by the division of this apical cell.
tithable	Thus they became transferable to laymen and saleable like ordinary property, in spite of the injunctions of the third Lateran Council, and they became payable out of sources of income which were not originally tithable.
tithing	This is often done through tithing and church programs, but other charitable acts also demonstrate the same compassion and sharing.
tithe	Malachi indeed assumes that the whole tithe - the Deuteronomic phrase for the tithe in which the Levites shared - is not stored in each township, but brought into the treasury at the Temple.
titian	Titian's Presentazione al Tempio, painted for the Scuola della Carita, which is now the seat of the gallery, has been placed in its original position.
titillating	It seems that such fights were particularly shocking to middle-class readers, as well as possibly being sexually titillating.
titillate	The general impression is robust food, rather than dishes to titillate the senses.
title	The chapter title poses a valid question.
titled	Oprah likely turned her attention toward the school after Clark's students produced a powerful political rap video titled Vote However U Like, published to YouTube during the last presidential election and picked up by major TV networks.
titrate	Most individuals do not need to titrate off (take lower doses until discontinuation) this medication.
titmouse	Among the smaller birds may be enumerated finches, the siskin, bullfinch, pipit, titmouse, wagtail, lark, fine-crested wren, hedge-sparrow, corn-wren, nut-hatch, starling, swallow, martin, swift, thrush, butcher bird, shrike, dipper, yellow-hammer, ortolan and a warbler (Accentor alpinus).
titration	The solution is then ready for titration with the standard permanganate solution.
titre	Regist?ation (enregistrement) duties are charged on the transfer of property in the way of business (fi titre onreux); on changes in ownership effected in the way of donation or succession (a litre gratuit), and 011 a variety of other transactions which must be registered according to law.
tittle	There is not a tittle of positive evidence for these or any of the other statements to Burke's discredit.
titter	There was a loud titter among the audience who thought this was an accident.
titular	He always refused any titular distinction; but he was credited by many.
tizzy	Spanx are revolutionary shaping garments that have sent Hollywood divas into a tizzy.
tn	Tn the Domesday Survey it is included in the manor of Maesbury, which Rainald, sheriff of Shropshire, held of Roger, earl of Shrewsbury; but Rainald or his predecessor Warm had already raised a fortification at Oswestry called Louvre.
tm	The os magnum 1, lunar; sc, scaphoid; u, unciform; of the carpus articulates freely m, magnum; td, trapezoid; tm, with the scaphoid.
to	You've been to Australia, haven't you?
toadflax	Both sites had new species including water chickweed, common toadflax, snapdragon, common hemp nettle, dwarf mallow and greater knapweed.
tnt	The environments are well defined and sharp and give you lots of cover and additional ways to kill enemies, like TNT barrels, or explosive detonators.
toad	Also saw a large toad, which was really large !
toadstool	Princess Peach Toadstool (usually just referred to as Princess Peach) is usually the girl who needs saving in many Mario games.
toasting	A bottle of bubbly is perfect for toasting friends and family any time of the year.
toast	At least have some toast or bacon.
toaster	She discovered the toaster this afternoon.
tobacconist	He always adds the little gibe about the fact that I own a tobacconist's in Swansea.
toboggan	We would get on our toboggan, a boy would give us a shove, and off we went!
tobacco	Soap, candles and tobacco are also manufactured, and the town is a centre for local agricultural trade.
tocsin	They sounded the tocsin, mustered their partisans, and released the prisoners.
toby	Toby stood beside a plainly pregnant young woman with blue eyes and a tattoo across her neck that resembled the one on Deidre's back in color and otherworldly script.
tod	Around quitting time, Tod Hackett heard a great din on the road outside his office.
today	What are we going to do today, Dad?
toddle	All we have to do to avoid ' Them ' is to toddle off to bed at nine.
toddy	The Hot Toddy Road Race is a great way to meet old friends and shed some of that excess festive poundage.
toenail	Nail fungus is a common toenail problem.
toddler	It had to be difficult to maintain any semblance of authority with a toddler clinging to his face, but he managed to do it.
toffee	Although brassy tones are usually not wanted, warm golden brown colors such as caramel, toffee, and butterscotch are a beautiful choice to add interest to brunette hair.
toe	Fred moved his toe around in the dirt.
tog	Button the two together to give a 13.5 tog duvet that will keep you warm in the coldest winter weather.
together	Together they led her away.
tofu	The tofu satay for £ 3.50 is also a nice vegetarian appetizer.
toga	The toga had no pockets or sleeves and was most commonly seen in white.
togetherness	The way they were defending for their lives (in the second half) shows togetherness.
toggle	Remote controls for toddlers should be large and easy to handle, typically only consisting of one or two toggle switches or buttons that are easy for little fingers to manipulate.
toil	They frequently beguile their toil with carols.
toilet	Much of a priest's time was given up to the toilet of the god or goddess.
toiling	Soon they saw a company of men toiling by the roadside.
toilette	He found the bandbox where it had been described, arranged his toilette with care, and left the house.
toiletries	The shop sells a large range of goods including confectionery, toiletries, stationery and clothing.
toilsome	They have an apparent precessional movement, the exact amount of which can be arrived at only by prolonged and toilsome enquiries.
toils	Man's duty is undoubtedly to join in the common service of sentient beings; but his final goal is to rise above the toils and comforts of the visible creature into the vast bosom of a peaceful Nirvana.
token	Howie gave a token protest but agreed.
toke	Shouldn't they be at a donut shop somewhere or arresting some old biddy for having a toke?
tokay	It is situated at the confluence of the Bodrog with the Theiss, and gives its name to the famous Tokay wine.
tolbooth	The public buildings include the town-hall (dating from 1762 and altered in 1876), the tolbooth (1590), and the grammar school.
tolerable	The crushing emotions from yesterday were more tolerable today.
tolerance	He also advocated tolerance towards the dissenters.
tolerably	The winter is tolerably mild; snow melts as it falls, and even on the mountains does not lie long.
tolerate	She said she couldn't tolerate his moods.
told	I told you not to give my number to anyone.
tolerant	Do you think he'll be as tolerant of your principles as I am?
toll	The dispositions drawn up by Toll were very good.
toleration	He was on the side of toleration and protected the reformers.
tollbooth	Such, however, as were most distinguished by their station or office, it was thought proper to secure in the tollbooth prison.
toluene	Paraffins are found in all crude oils, and olefines in varying proportions in the majority, while acetylene has been found in Baku oil; members of the benzene group and its derivatives, notably benzene and toluene, occur in all petroleums. Naphthenes are the chief components of some oils, as already indicated, and occur in varying quantities in many others.
tomahawk	The Tomahawk Live Trap is probably one of the easiest to use.
tomb	His tomb is in the churchyard.
tom	The later story, with its episode of Peeping Tom, has been evolved by later chroniclers.
tomato	The tomato plants were drooping, their crop reduced to small discolored fruit.
tombstone	She laid the phone on the tombstone and knelt beside her mother's grave, closing her eyes.
tombola	There will also be a tombola stall; donations of prizes will be most welcome.
tomboyish	A very powerful tomboyish sorceress that is still very girly, she is a girl you could easily have a pint with.
tomboy	If you are a fan who has read the books as well as seen the movie, you know that in the book she is described as a tomboy kind of girl for most of the story.
tome	The tome was far heavier than she expected, made of something much different than cardboard and paper.
tomentum	With this exception the whole plant is covered with a thick, felt-like coating of pale brownish tomentum.
tomfoolery	I regret I permitted myself to be a party to such tomfoolery.
tomography	We expect a report on the first X-ray tomography.
tomorrow	Tomorrow is Christmas morning.
tommy	His name is Tommy, and he is five years old.
tonal	The greatest difficulty with the Siamese language lies in the tonal system.
tonality	Humidity most certainly affects the tonality of a pipe organ.
ton	He bought a ton of stuff.
tonga	In Tonga, in the New Hebrides, and in the long chain of the Solomons and the Bismarck Archipelago there is much activity.
toner	The main ingredient, carbon black is mildly toxic, but modern machines with replaceable toner cartridges minimize exposure.
tongs	Use tongs to remove the can from the fire.
tongue	I was tongue tied, at a loss how to respond.
tone	I hoped he could read the tone of my voice.
tongued	There must, however, be a joint at the underground part where it is to be tongued and pegged, and at least one sound bud in each exposed part, from which a shoot may be developed to form the top of the young plant.
tonic	The bark is of some value as a tonic and febrifuge.
tonk	All of these states are under Rajput rulers, except Tonk, which is Mahommedan, and Bharatpur and Dholpur, which are Jat.
tonkin	Little is at present known of the large rubber tree of Tonkin (Bleckrodea tonkinensis), the latex of which is stated to furnish excellent rubber.
tonight	He is very busy with Tessa tonight, do you think?
tonometer	Scheibler, by his simple and accurate tonometer, has recorded pitches in Vienna about 1834 from a1 433.9 to 440.2.
tonsillitis	The glycerin is used in tonsillitis and the lozenges in pharyngitis.
tonsil	An abscess behind the tonsil (a peritonsillar abscess) may also occur.
tonnage	It is the carrier of a heavy tonnage of coal to Pittsburg, Pennsylvania.
tonsure	He was educated at the school of the Brothers of the Christian Doctrine at Brive, where he received the tonsure at the age of thirteen.
tonus	The receptive organs of the muscular sense and of the semicircular canals are to be regarded as the sites of origin of this reflex tonus of the skeletal muscles.
tonsured	As of old, he must be at least tonsured and without a wife living.
tool	The artists tool, be it brush or burin.
took	What took you so long?
too	She had to move a few things to make room, but that wasn't too hard.
toolbox	For more information see the toolbox module on evaluation.
toolbar	The RSS bookmark stays live so you can put it in a bookmark toolbar or whatever.
toolkit	The X toolkit access pattern for a resource database is quite stylized.
tooling	While tooling around in a local Houston mall, a scout for Playboy magazine saw the then 18 year old Tila and approached her to do a test shoot.
toothed	Monodonta, no jaws, spire not prominent, no umbilicus, columella toothed.
toot	He was trying to toot Cynthia.
toothache	A toothache may feel like a sharp pain or a dull ache.
tony	I tried to get him to call Tony but he said he was just running it by me.
toothpaste	I know you leave the cap off the toothpaste and I even know when you...
tooth	Being outdoors all day has worked up a sweet tooth for me.
toothless	A blissful bright smile was fixed on the baby's broad face with its toothless open mouth.
tootle	Every spare minute I have I whip out the piece and have a little tootle, I think I'm getting a bit obsessed!
toothpick	Willard picked up a toothpick and began working it.
toothy	He pulled a wicked, toothy grin.
tootsie	If he didn't have some tootsie with him and I didn't know him for the skunk he is, I might have believed him.
top	You're already at the top of your class.
topaz	The oriental topaz has been found in New South Wales.
tope	The total height of this Sakiya tope will therefore have been approximately a little under 50 ft.
tophi	The doctor also may find it helpful to examine chalky, sodium urate deposits (tophi) around joints to diagnose gout.
topiary	You may also wish to visit the fabulous Alnwick Garden featuring beautiful water gardens, rose garden and topiary walks.
topi	When Hindus wear caps or topis they resemble those worn by Mahommedans, but they never wear the fez, tarbush or irani topi.
topical	Many topical applications are of great efficacy.
topknot	Their hair is generally shaved, excepting a topknot; and when not shaved it gets into a matted, tangled mass, gathered into a knot behind or on the crown.
topless	She landed on a topless bottle of oil and spit the fluid out as it sprayed across her face.
topic	Lori was a topic he didn't want to discuss with anyone.
topmast	While I go up to the tall topmast To try if I can't see land. sound inexpressibly ludicrous.
topmost	In the topmost tier was just one single crouching chicken, the blustering wind ruffling its feathers.
topographer	Had he married the landless daughter of a neighbour he might have been the ancestor of a line of Essex squires, whose careers would have had the parish topographer for chronicler.
topographic	The above remarks apply more particularly to topographic maps.
topographical	Their speed must obviously depend greatly on topographical conditions.
topological	In the algebraic theory of data, continuous data types are modeled by topological algebras.
topology	To be able to solve some routine problems in low and high dimensional topology.
topography	As a result the topography is characterized by low, rounded hills, but is nowhere mountainous.
topper	How things change... How To have a Number One Vic Reeves presents a decent review of ways to have a chart topper.
topped	The dining room table is cherry and topped with fresh flowers in a crystal bowl.
topple	If your child happens to topple out of the bed, the fall isn't very far or very traumatic.
topping	Old fashioned goggles could be the perfect topping for your vintage bike.
topside	Range coverage is from 90 to 375 km, so this experiment is not useful for studying the topside ionosphere.
tor	Mam Tor, or the Shivering Mountain, is made of these shales.
topsoil	After removing the topsoil the ground turned into a layer of rock.
topsides	The original PVC topsides ' skirt ' was refitted, with a new rubbing strake.
tops	Howie wasn't tops on my list of favorite people at the moment.
torch	He ripped open the door, blinded by the torch light in the halls.
torchlight	The highlight of the week is the torchlight descent.
tore	She tore her gaze from his chest.
tori	The cura tori or curatoli (factors) receive 40 a year, with a slight interest in the profits; the stockmen hardly earn in money and kind 13; the muleteers and underworkmen get between 5 to 8, plus firewood, bread and oil; irregular workmen have even lower wages, with a daily distribution of bread, salt and oil.
tormentor	I would wake with a start or struggle frantically to escape from my tormentor.
torment	I must be sure before I strike and not leave the psychic one behind to torment me.
tornado	They've issued a tornado warning for this area.
torpid	During the colder months these reptiles remain in a torpid state.
torpedo	There the German torpedo craft and German submarines lay in a safe base only some 60 m.
torn	Your dress is torn and you're bleeding.
torpor	The symptoms of acute poisoning are pain and diarrhoea, owing to the setting up of an active gastro-enteritis, the foeces being black (due to the formation of a sulphide of lead), thirst, cramps in the legs and muscular twitchings, with torpor, collapse, convulsions and coma.
torrential	They have also been regarded as the result of torrential action.
torque	The change in the distance d is proportional to the change in the torque transmitted from the shaft to the pulley.
torrent	She faced the windows, watching the torrent outside.
tilth	If the tenant neglected to reclaim the land the Code enacted that he must hand it over in good tilth and fixed a statutory rent.
torrid	They were enjoying the trial but were having a pretty torrid time results wise.
torsional	The torsional vibrations of a wire are excited when it is bowed.
tort	If you don't have a cake-splitting tool, you can tort a cake by cutting it in half with a long piece of dental floss held between your hands, or you can trace an outline around the cake and cut through it slowly with a sharp serrated knife.
torsion	Grassot has devised a galvanometer, or fluxmeter, which greatly alleviates the tedious operation of taking ballistic readings.2 The instrument is of the d'Arsonval type; its coil turns in a strong uniform field, and is suspended in such a manner that torsion is practically negligible, the swings of the coil being limited by damping influences, chiefly electromagnetic. The index therefore remains almost stationary at the limit of its deflection, and the deflection is approximately the same whether the change of induction occurs suddenly or gradually.
tortious	A feoffment might be a tortious conveyance, i.e.
tortoise	If the tortoise has a start of 1000 ft.
torticollis	It can also be caused by a condition called torticollis.
torsos	Much more satisfactory as evidence are some 5th century torsos of Athena found at Athens.
torso	Crashing into the planet left the left side of her torso black and bruised.
torus	The enlarged torus covering the ovary.
torturous	Wool bedding in summer seems downright torturous at first glance.
toss	I broke his arm before he could toss the match.
tortilla	It was some sort of sugared tortilla that fogged the kitchen in a delicious, sweet aroma.
tosh	I have to say that the critics were talking utter tosh.
toryism	His politics might therefore have been described as Toryism tempered by sympathy, or as Radicalism tempered by hereditary scorn of subject races.
tortuous	The streets are narrow, tortuous and inaccessible to carriages.
tory	He again took his seat in the Lords as a leader of the moderate Tory party.
torture	She imagined the conversation was nothing short of torture for a warrior.
tot	Each was a father to three kids, aged between tot and teenager.
totality	In their totality they form the venerable compagnie.
totalitarian	The citizens were relieved to see the oldtotalitarian regime overthrown.
totalizer	The DPF80 series (Dual Rate totalizer) is a 5 digit Ratemeter, 6 digit Totalizer in a 1 /8 DIN package.
totem	He was one of the founders of the study of Psychical Research, and his other writings on anthropology include The Book of Dreams and Ghosts (1897), Magic and Religion (1901) and The Secret of the Totem (1905).
totemism	Robertson Smith, on the other hand, a new era was reached, in which the recently recognized existence of Totemism was made the basis of an attempt to give a 1 Scipione de Ricci, bishop of Pistoia from 1780 to 1791, on the ex-Jesuits requesting him to consecrate a bell dedicated to this object, issued a pastoral letter (3rd June 1784) in which he pointed out that the spirit of true religion was far removed from fetichism, and warned his flock against cardiolatry.
total	He treated her with total respect.
totemic	All belonged to the same totem or totemic class, and might be scattered throughout the tribe, though subject to the same marriage laws.
totter	Suddenly the mighty empire began to totter.
touch	I will not advise getting in touch with our feelings or even group hugs.
totemistic	It was rather of the nature of the savagetaboo, the outcome of totemistic beliefs or a mode of averting the contaminating presence of djinns and demons.
tossed	She tossed the paper aside.
toucher	A toucher bowl is a characteristic of the Scottish game to which great exception is taken by many English clubs.
touchable	They're thick, comfortable, warm and touchable.
tottering	He moved towards tl e door, calling to them to support his tottering steps.
toucan	Another interesting species is the toucan (Ramphastos), whose enormous beak, awkward flight and raucous voice make it a conspicuous object in the great forests of northern Brazil.
touchingly	His leave-taking of Andromache in the sixth book of the Iliad, and his departure to meet Achilles for the last time, are most touchingly described.
tough	This was a tough day.
totally	We'll totally load up.
touchstone	The canon of Scripture was decided in accordance with the touchstone of the Pentateuch.
touchy	Fox hunting has always been a touchy subject in my family.
toughen	Given the information just released, will Seattle toughen up their offense?
tourism	VisitNC.com - See the official tourism website for North Carolina for details about camping throughout the state, as well as information about things to enjoy doing and seeing during your stay.
tourist	This is the time for the tourist to visit India.
toughness	She'd never found someone with her mental toughness, someone who could challenge her.
touched	He frowned and touched his cheek.
toupee	If Howie was stunned he didn't show it as he pulled off his toupee with a smile.
touristy	This is a quaint touristy beach town a few miles south from Hearst Castle and north of Morro Bay.
tournament	You'll come to the costume tournament, Countess?
tote	I can't tote supposition to the state authorities—I'd be laughed out of Denver.
touching	Lana asked, touching one metal wall.
tourmaline	Other valuable stones, the topaz, chrysolite, aquamarine amethyst and tourmaline are found.
tourney	Another version is the medieval romance in The Seven Wise Masters of In the edition printed by Wynkyn de Worde it is told by the first master - a knight had one son, a greyhound and a falcon; the knight went to a tourney, a snake attacked the son, the falcon roused the hound, which killed the serpent, lay down by the cradle, and was killed by the knight, who discovered his error, like Llewelyn, and similarly repented (Villon Society, British Museum reprint, by Gomme and Wheatley).
tousle	Tousle the hair with the product and your hands to create a messy look that fits with the shaggy hair style.
touring	He was touring the perimeter, as he did daily.
tourniquet	If the bleeding from an arm or leg is so extreme as to be life-threatening and if it cannot be stopped by any other means, a tourniquet may be required.
tour	It's so lovely a tour on a spring afternoon.
tow	Said he'd cut it on his tow bar.
towards	They moved towards the three.
toward	He took a step toward her.
tout	They tout the fact that no refined sugars, unnecessary salt, or harsh spices are found in their foods.
towelling	Besides the manufacture of sheeting, towelling, ticks, dowlas and sail-cloth, the principal industries include flax-spinning, net-making, bleaching, dyeing, tanning, brewing, brass and iron founding, and there are potteries, flour-mills, engineering works, fisheries, and factories for the making of oil-cloth and linoleum.
towel	She threw the towel on the counter.
towage	Our Tugs are fully equipped for deep sea towage & salvage operation, and have experienced and very proficient Crew.
toweling	To dry yourself, it may be easier to put a toweling bathrobe on, which will help to dry your un-operated arm.
towering	It forms a towering mass of granite about 3000 ft.
towered	He towered over the woman and glared down at her.
tower	The tower stood complete in every part.
town	I'll be back in town Friday.
townsfolk	Apparently he spent a lot of time on the back of a horse, riding his range in all kinds of weather - a fact that prompted more than one comment by townsfolk that he had wasted a good college education.
township	The township was incorporated with that name in 1765.
townsman	We are underbred and low-lived and illiterate; and in this respect I confess I do not make any very broad distinction between the illiterateness of my townsman who cannot read at all and the illiterateness of him who has learned to read only what is for children and feeble intellects.
towy	The historical interest of the place centres in its proximity to the castle of Dinefawr, now commonly called Dynevor, which was originally erected by Rhodri Mawr or his son Cadell about the year 876 on the steep wooded slopes overhanging the Towy.
townspeople	Yet in the privilegium granted to the townspeople by Frederick I.
toxemia	Up to 80 percent of such women develop toxemia, a disturbance of metabolism that can potentially lead to convulsions and coma.
toxicological	Aconitum Napellus, common monkshood, is a doubtful native of Britain, and is of therapeutic and toxicological importance.
toxicity	Multiple sclerosis is not a death sentence, where methanol toxicity is.
toxin	The serum of the animal is tested from time to time against a known amount of toxin, i.e.
toxicology	The toxicology of alcohol is treated in other articles.
toxic	Bacteria can process toxic wastes and oil spills into harmless biodegradable materials.
toxocara	This unpleasant material very often contains a parasitic roundworm, Toxocara Canis, which can cause blindness in humans.
tousled	Alex tousled her hair as if she were a child.
toy	Alfonso put down his toy and looked uncertain.
toying	The woman hesitated and took a slice of bread, toying with it.
toyshop	Perfect toys online from a great online toyshop - Letterbox.
toxicosis	The salivary secretions of some tick species may cause toxicosis and paralysis.
trace	They can trace it!
traceable	It is not traceable in history before A.D.
tracer	The license plate had been removed but Dean had a tracer placed on the vehicle identification number, a procedure that would take a couple of days.
tracheate	It has been considered by them as proving that Limulus, in spite of all its special agreements with Scorpio (which, however, have scarcely been appreciated by the writers in question), really belongs to the Crustacean line of descent, whilst Scorpio, by possessing Malpighian tubes, is declared to be unmistakably tied together with the other Arachnida to the tracheate Arthropods, the Hexapods, Diplopods, and Chilopods, which all possess Malpighian tubes.
tracheal	These spiracles, according to Hinds, are remarkable honeycomb-like structures, and perforations to the tracheal tubes have not been demonstrated.
tracheid	During the process the thin walls are stretched and the turns of the spiral become pulled apart without rupturing the wall of the tracheid or vessel, If the pitted type of tracheal element were similarly stretched its continuously thickened walls would resist the stretching and eventually break.
tracery	The general construction of wooden screens is close panelling beneath, on which stands screen-work composed of slender turned balusters or regular wooden mullions, supporting tracery more or less rich with cornices, crestings, &c., and often painted in brilliant colours and gilded.
tracheae	In Velella the pneumatophore becomes of complex structure and sends air-tubes, lined by a chitin and resembling tracheae, down into the compact coenosarc, thus evidently serving a respiratory as well as a hydrostatic function.
trachea	The trachea divides into two bronchi.
trachoma	It now includes coverage of the SAFE strategy for the elimination of blinding trachoma.
track	As they come under one horizon, they shout their warning to get off the track to the other, heard sometimes through the circles of two towns.
trackball	If you wish to use the trackball, please ask at the Library Service Point.
tracheotomy	Unfortunately he was attacked by cancer in the throat; he spent the winter of 1887-1888 at San Remo; in January 1888 the operation of tracheotomy had to be performed.
trachytic	The greater part of Hungary is well provided with both rivers and springs, but some trachytic and limestone mountainous districts show a marked deficiency in this respect.
trachyte	They are formed of trachyte, dolerite and basalt.
tractable	These men seldom use vitrifiable enamels, pigments being much more tractable and less costly.
tracker	Dan handed the tracker to Elise, who tapped the screen, pensive.
tracing	I worked so hard and so brilliantly in tracing down these people.
tracked	Assume you're being tracked as well and act accordingly.
trackless	I was on a plateau, a trackless waste with the cairns of Drygarn some 2 miles directly north.
tractor	It's not a tractor trailer.
tractarian	After studying at the university of Prague he travelled through Europe, and among other countries he visited England, where he became acquainted with James Hope (afterwards Hope-Scott) and other leaders of the Tractarian party.
tracking	No way of tracking how many drove.
tractive	Thus the diagram shows the tractive force at any instant.
trad	England Made Me is a fine album that ably demonstrates that not all Britpop albums were about trad glamor or novelty pop bombast.
trader	Bonnat, a French trader, was also captured at another place.
tractate	A general introduction to the system is given in the tractate Ober den Begriff der Wissenschaftslehre (On the Notion of the Theory of Science), 1794, and the theoretical portion is worked out in the Grundlage der gesammten Wissenschaftslehre (Foundation of the whole Theory of Science, 1794) and Grundriss des Eigenthiimlichen d.
tradition	It's a tradition around here.
traction	As she let up, they found traction and the car shot out of the driveway.
tradesman	The assassin was a small tradesman of a .
tradespeople	The best way to find reliable tradespeople is through word of mouth.
traditionalism	Yet deism deserves to be remembered as a strenuous protest against bibliolatry in every degree and against all traditionalism in theology.
traditionalist	Is he or she more of a traditionalist or does your partner prefer funny or quirky cards?
traditionary	There is no general rule as to the number of deacons, though the traditionary number of seven is often kept, nor as to the frequency of election, each church making its own arrangements in this respect.
trademark	Sad eyes are his trademark.
trade	I have something you want and will trade her for it.
tragedy	For every tragedy, there is a possible happy ending.
traditional	Well, the traditional roles of men and women have changed in the last generation.
tract	The site is a level oblong tract extending along the Hudson for 7 m.
tragedian	Philoctetes was also the subject of tragedies by Achaeus of Eretria, Euphorion of Chalcis and the Roman tragedian Accius.
trail	A scarred tree marked a turning point in the trail, so she slowed down.
tragically	The prince who tragically died in the car accident was the king's nephew.
tragical	The cycle contains a large number of episodes, such as the gaining of the champion's portion and the tragical death by the warrior's hand of his own son Connlaech.
trailblazer	Discovery Toys offers its top selling consultants a Trailblazer.
trainable	They are intelligent, friendly and very trainable.
tragus	The Ungulata are represented by the chamois (Rupicapra tragus) and the bouquetin or steinbock (Capra ibex).
tragic	What a sad and tragic life poor Annie led.
trainer	I'm an urban warfare tactics trainer, specializing in tracking.
trainee	These are regimental crests, most created by trainee squaddies in the first war.
traffic	In town doing traffic control, I guess.
training	Training starts tomorrow morning at dawn.
trading	Trading is able to create value for two reasons.
traineeship	In short, I know I made the right decision in accepting a traineeship here with Bell & Scott.
traipse	I had managed to traipse around the airport twice before I managed to find immigration.
trailer	Imagine you live in a large trailer park and you have four young children.
train	I was sent to train him, and I will complete my mission.
trained	I've trained you the best I could.
trait	She recognized this trait and would accept rules she herself would never be able to make.
traitorous	However, I am beginning to think traitorous thoughts.
trajectory	In order to become a certified yoga instructor, one must follow a certain trajectory.
tram	It is connected with Hanover by an electric tram line, 19 m.
traitor	You are a traitor of the worst kind.
trammel	This is known as the trammel construction.
tramcar	In the early part of 1902 he slipped from a tramcar in Berlin and fractured his thigh; from this injury he never really recovered, and his death occurred in Berlin on the 5th of September 5902.
tramp	In the deathlike stillness only the tramp of horses was heard.
trample	If you're on horseback, you can make your horse slide and trample bad guys.
trampoline	Betsy bounced up and down like a kid on a trampoline while Martha looked in awe.
trampolining	Activities include hockey, cross-country, trampolining, badminton, cricket, athletics, tennis, basketball.
tranquility	They ate in silence then, enjoying the tranquility of mother natures' work around them.
tramroad	He had originally been employed by the Severn & Wye company to build a tramroad but this idea was changed to a canal scheme.
trance	Snapping out of her trance, she laughed.
tramway	The tramway system is owned by the government.
tranquil	I am so tranquil and happy now.
tranquilizer	Chamomile is a natural tranquilizer and can help you feel at peace.
trans	The trans Pacific voyage also features a three-hour stop in Ensenada, Mexico, on the last day of the trip.
transact	To transact the postal business of the country, mail conveyances travelled 12,000,000 m.
tranquillity	The one thing he wished for was rest, tranquillity, and freedom.
transatlantic	It is the landing-place for two transatlantic and one coastwise cable lines.
transaminase	In the majority of cases, liver transaminase levels have returned to their baseline value without the need for treatment discontinuation.
transalpine	The Rocky Mountains, which give its charm to Alberta, are ascended by a gradual approach from the east, but are exceedingly abrupt on their transalpine slope in British Columbia.
transcendentalism	Emerson's transcendentalism greatly influenced him, and Strauss's Leben Jesu left its mark upon his thought.
transcendence	His high conception of God's transcendence, it may be supposed, led him to ignore intermediary agencies, which are common in the popular literature, and later, under the influence of this same conception of transcendence, are freely employed.
transaction	The council meets once a week for the transaction of the business of government.
transcendent	God is regarded as the transcendent source of being and purity, from which the individual in his natural state is alienated and afar off.
transceiver	Bluetooth requires that a transceiver chip be included in each device.
transcribe	Once you are happy with the text, then you can go ahead and transcribe it onto your note paper.
transcend	It was not at all clear at the time that his work would transcend the ages.
transcontinental	But with the establishment of prairie commerce to Santa Fe (New Mexico), the waves of emigration to the Mormon land and to California, the growth of traffic to Salt Lake, and the explorations for a transcontinental railway, Kansas became well known, and was taken out of that mythical Great American Desert, in which, thanks especially to Pike and to Washington Irving, it had been supposed to lie.
transcript	Rita would type up the taped transcript of the conver­sation with Mayer.
transcutaneous	Objectives The PATCH trial is a randomised-controlled trial investigating the use of transcutaneous estrogen patches versus LHRH analogs in prostate cancer.
transcriber	The so-called Psalter of Solomon, on the other hand, a collection of Pharisee psalms written in Hebrew soon after the taking of Jerusalem by Pompey, and preserved to us only in a Greek version, has nothing to do with Solomon or the traditional conception of his person, and seems to owe its name to a transcriber who thus distinguished these newer pieces from the older Psalms of David (see SOLOMON, PSALMS OF).
transduce	However, we have now extended these studies to use retroviral gene transfer methods to stably transduce macrophage precursors with these DNA constructs.
transcendental	Transcendental method is indeed not invulnerable.
transect	Point transect sampling is used widely for monitoring trends in abundance of song birds.
transduction	Transgenic mice produced by retroviral transduction of male germ-line stem cells.
transcription	We'd decided a transcription of our conversation might sometime prove valuable.
transept	The western transept was 213 ft.
transferable	And they really do learn transferable skills, says the vice-chancellor.
transducer	In particular, the coupling (e.g. air, air bellows, pliable foam etc.) between the transducer and tissue will be investigated.
transferase	Cloning and characterization of a theta class glutathione transferase from the potato pathogen Phytophthora infestans.
transferee	The proposed transferee must find a different legal representative.
transfiguration	Moreover the end is not conceived as a transfiguration of the world, but as a liberation of the spirit from its unnatural union with the sensual.
transferor	The transferor would also be required to notify the transferee of any changes pre-transfer.
transference	But in passive transference there is no ' repression ' going on.
transfinite	Cantor held that these transfinite numbers had an actual existence, drawing on his early religious training to justify the assertion.
transform	We've never been able to transform a vamp into a human in thousands of years.
transformer	Fleming, The Alternate Current Transformer in Theory and Practice, i.
transformation	The transformation was quick and smooth, not at all violent.
transformative	It had also revealed the still formative, transitory, and potentially transformative nature of artists' networks in local, national and global contexts.
transformable	Although many pseudo-symmetric twins are transformable into the simpler form, yet, in some cases, a true polymorph results, the change being indicated, as before, by alterations in scalar (as well as vector) properties.
transfuse	Shaking with fear for Brady, she watched them cut through the skin grafts and transfuse blood then jump his heart.
transfer	He would fly to Los Angeles, then transfer for the short hop north to Santa Barbara.
transgress	Satellite photos can uncover those who would transgress the rules.
transgenesis	We use a range of genetic and embryological techniques including transgenesis, descriptive molecular embryology and the analysis of cell lineage.
transgression	God then, who is love, delivers us from evil through Christ, who pays the penalty of our transgression to the enemy of God and man.
transient	There is a transient population of thousands of visitors during the year.
transfusion	Can West Nile virus be transmitted by blood transfusion?
transillumination	Transillumination allows the detection of fluid extending from a large hydrocele into the inguinal canal.
transition	When did this transition happen?
transistor	In fact, in practice, the devices are made up using transistor amplifiers.
transitive	You will find that some verbs can be either transitive or intransitive depending on the context of their sentence.
transitional	The church as it stands is a fine monument of Early English work, with Transitional details.
translate	Are you going to translate the rest of the book?
transitory	The distinction of force and matter is then something transitory and relative.
translator	His woman was speaking too quickly for the translator to keep up.
transit	The transit was observed on the 3rd of June 1769.
transliteration	In some foreign words like cicala the ch- (tsh) value is given to c. In the transliteration of foreign languages also it receives different values, having that of tsh in the transliteration of Sanskrit and of is in various Slavonic dialects.
translational	The kinetic energy of the molecules of these gases must contain two terms in addition to those representing translational energy.
translating	Alex stiffened and stopped translating.
translocation	Ms Tims asks if carrying this balanced translocation means that she is ill?
translocate	This prompted conservationists to translocate 60 chicks to Rutland Water, in the East Midlands.
translucency	The transmittance channel of the atmosphere 's color is used to specify a minimum translucency.
transmissible	Ideally, the biter should be tested as well for the presence of transmissible disease.
transmissibility	Any additional pressure applied to the fluid will be y transmitted equally to every point in the case of a liquid; this principle of the transmissibility of 1 1 pressure was enunciated by Pascal, 1653, and FIG.
transmarine	The long struggle was over, and England now retained nothing of her old transmarine possessions save Calais and the Channel Islands.
translation	He found her translation of the piece breathtaking.
transmigration	Curiously, Buddhism itself is ruled by the ghost or shadowy remainder of belief in transmigration - Karma.
translucent	Glasses are generally transparent but may be translucent or opaque.
transmit	A pair of convex screws, each rotating about its axis, are used as an elementary combination to transmit motion by the sliding contact of their threads.
transmittance	You can use the spreadsheets to calculate the transmittance of the new filter combination.
transmutation	To such a policy of transmutation he was urged by two things.
transoceanic	Nevertheless, transoceanic wireless telegraphy over long distances, such as those across the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, is a matter to be reckoned with in the future, but it remains to be seen whether the present means are sufficient to render possible communication to the antipodes.
transnational	This new world culture is secular and increasingly transnational.
transmitter	At first it was usual to join the microphone transmitter in the direct circuit.
transmitting	This formed a local circuit at the transmitting station.
transom	The back of the obelisk is plain, but the front and sides are subdivided into storeys by a series of bands and plates, each storey having panels sunk into it which seem to represent windows with mullions and transom.
transmute	They set about trying to transmute iron into gold to fund their regeneration of Europe.
transparent	Other nations are becoming more transparent as well.
transonic	The aim of this research is to reduce drag and improve aerofoil performance for transonic aircraft.
transparency	In shallow seas the transparency is always reduced in rough weather.
transpiration	Transpiration is loss of water by the plant by evaporation, chiefly from the minute pores or stomata on the leaves.
transpire	All memorable events, I should say, transpire in morning time and in a morning atmosphere.
transparently	Her profession of a desire to be instructed in the doctrines of Anglican Protestantism was so transparently a pious fraud as rather to afford confirmation than to arouse suspicion of her fidelity to the teaching of her church.
transport	How are we going to transport thirty pumpkins?
transplantation	In preparing a fruit tree for transplantation, the first thing to be done is to open a trench round it at a distance of from 3 to 4 ft., according to size.
transplant	Transplant all kinds of evergreens, this month and September being the proper seasons.
transponder	A microchip is a tiny, totally inert electronic transponder about the size of a grain of rice.
transportable	The panels are easily transportable and can be used in a variety of environments.
transmission	You received my latest transmission of the cities that are beyond repair?
transporter	A transporter of the first class is shown in fig.
transported	I'm transported back in time.
transporting	This is principally due to the cost and difficulties of transporting timbers to the coast.
transpose	P. Norris (Journal of Philology) wished to transpose chapters v.
transposed	The errors checked for are transposed characters, a missing character, and a character too many.
transposition	Similarly it is shown that the transposition of any two columns or of any two rows merely changes the sign of the determinant.
transputer	In a 2000 you could have up to 4 other transputer daughter boards with 4 transputer daughter boards with 4 transputer chips on each.
transshipment	A canal from the transshipment wharf at Swinton was suggested.
transsexual	The Act will establish a gender Recognition Panel with the power to decide applications from transsexual people seeking legal recognition in their acquired gender.
transubstantiation	The transubstantiation doctrine seemed to him full of evil, from its tendency to lead men to overvalue what was sensuous and transitory.
transportation	Independent carriers cannot run trains over the same line and underbid one another in offering transportation services.
transversal	These formulae give a means of constructing the resultant by means of any transversal AB cutting the lines of action.
trap	You could never trap me.
transvestite	One would expect little less from Britain ' s first gay socialist transvestite poet and radical agenda bender.
trapeze	While many people are familiar with Pilates movements that incorporate an exercise ball, trapeze bands, and other equipment, others may not know how to exercise with a Pilates chair.
trapezium	In shape, the peninsula forms a rough trapezium, with its greatest length from north-west to south-east.
trapezoidal	The form of the proglottides is most generally a rhombic or trapezoidal figure.
trappings	For the trappings of authority he cared little.
trapper	Baraboo was named in honour of Jean Baribault, an early French trapper, and was chartered as a city in 1882.
trapezoid	A figure of this kind will be called a trapezoid.
trash	You'll trash her reputation.
trappist	Go easy with the Trappist ales - they are very strong.
trapping	He leaned across the kitchen, trapping her between his two arms.
trashcan	Fred was still hanging on to the trashcan when the bartender, two painters and Dean, still nursing his head and his elbow, reached him.
trauma	Martha is a trauma nurse in a large Boston hospital.
traumatic	You've been through a traumatic experience.
trattoria	Trattoria Volare - Located on Columbus Avenue in the shadow of Washington Square Park, this popular cafe serves hearty pastas, raviolis, and lasagna, homemade desserts, fresh seafood, and grilled meats -- all at reasonable prices.
trashy	You know how trashy tattoos make women look?
trass	When lime is used as a matrix, certain natural earths such as pozzuolana or trass, or, failing these, powdered bricks or tiles, may be used instead of sand with great advantage.
transverse	If the coenosteum of Millepora be broken across, each pore-canal (perhaps better termed a polypcanal) is seen to be interrupted by a series of transverse partitions, representing successive periods of growth with separation from the underlying dead portions.
travel	I would like to travel there.
traveling	I enjoy traveling, especially to very different places.
travelog	Sandro and Marg in Naples... Sandro presents a gourmet travelog of his recent visit to the beautiful city of Naples.
traversable	The northern Quarken is covered with traversable ice every third or fourth year.
traveler	The traveler was soon at the door.
travail	For the first time all that pure, spiritual, inward travail through which she had lived appeared on the surface.
trawler	One can only marvel at the good nature of trawler cooks.
tray	He placed the tray across her lap.
travertine	The travertine which forms round the springs of the Sarno was used even at Pompeii as building material.
traveled	How many miles had they traveled today?
travesty	It was a travesty of justice to remove them from their home.
treachery	The treachery of a foreign guide also added to his difficulties.
treacherously	Two of their camps were treacherously attacked.
treacle	In connexion with the cultivation of potatoes, factories are established for making spirits, treacle, potato-meal, and straw-paper.
trawl	After the middle of the 20th century the boats began to use trawl nets for white fish and prawns.
traveller	I have learned that the swiftest traveller is he that goes afoot.
treacherous	How would you like to take a treacherous ride?
traverse	Giving him a few minutes to traverse the drive, she got up and went into the kitchen.
travelling	A common way of doing business was for a merchant to entrust goods or money to a travelling agent, who sought a market for his goods.
tread	He didn't want to tread in that direction, so he changed the subject.
treadle	Improved brakes worked by a treadle strip two rods at a time.
treasonous	No, they merely pointed out the treasonous acts of the press.
treasure	It's a game, like a treasure hunt.
treat	Don't treat me that way, Alex.
travelled	He then travelled abroad.
treatise	In the same year he wrote a very popular treatise against drunkenness.
treasonable	Through the whole siege 4 there was a treasonable party within the city, which - for what motives we are not told - kept up a correspondence with the besiegers.
treasurership	It is stated too that he was offered, but refused, the lord treasurership. On the 17th of November 1672, however, he became lord chancellor, Bridgman having been compelled to resign the seat.
treatable	In the presence of chondromalacia of the central ridge or generalized over the whole patella there is usually no definable cause treatable by arthroscopy.
treadmill	If you are one of the people who dreads going to the gym because the treadmill seems more like a torture device than an exercise machine, explore the many other options for cardio/aerobic exercise that exist both inside and outside the gym.
treble	This might be double, treble, fourfold, fivefold, sixfold, tenfold, twelvefold, even thirtyfold,, according to the enormity of the offence.
treason	They see treason everywhere and are afraid of everything.
trebuchet	He used the trebuchet against the walls of Dover Castle.
trebly	It is well known that singly, doubly and trebly linked carbon atoms affect the physical properties of substances, such as the refractive index, specific volume, and the heat of combustion; and by determining these constants for many substances, fairly definite values can be assigned to these groupings.
treatment	I need a diagnosis, and I need a treatment plan to combat this illness.
tree	The Christmas tree could only be seen from the back of the house, but that didn't matter.
treasurer	The county treasurer is elected by the assistant judges.
treaty	In 1890-1893 its shores were divided by treaty between Great Britain, France and Germany.
trellis	One set of trees is planted near the front, and trained to an arched trellis b.
trefoil	Their foodplants include gorse, bramble and bird's foot trefoil.
tremble	I tremble to write these following lines.
treasury	His chief innovation was the introduction of payment from the public treasury for state service.
treeless	The Australian eucalyptus is now grown in many places, and there are groves of the paradise or paraiso tree (Melia azedarach) on the formerly treeless pampa.
trematode	It must, however, be borne in mind that a Trematode may develop in an aberrant manner in one host and normally in another; and unless we knew the initial stock, the two forms would be regarded as distinct species,.
trematoda	The only comparable fact among other worms is the Laurer's canal or genitointestinal canal in the Trematoda.
tremendously	We both can help each other tremendously but it has to be on my terms.
tremor	A tremor of dread slid through her.
trench	Gabe rose and swirled on his trench coat.
trek	His now aging Trek performed admirably.
tremulous	She spoke in a soft, tremulous voice, and in the weary eyes that looked over her spectacles Sonya read all that the countess meant to convey with these words.
tremolo	Considering the big swoops and bends that the tremolo arm can deliver, the tuning stays remarkably accurate.
trenchant	The work consists of brief, vigorous and trenchant delineations of moral types, which contain a most valuable picture of the life of his time.
trend	He was now in open conflict with the whole trend of public opinion.
trencher	She was irritated to see Sirian's trencher empty.
trendsetter	If being a trendsetter is important to you, be prepared to pay for it.
trending	From the point where the southerly continuation of Anti-Lebanon begins to take a more westerly direction, a low ridge shoots out towards the south-west, trending farther and farther away from the eastern chain and narrowing the Buka'a; upon the eastern side of this ridge lies the elevated valley or hilly stretch known as Wadi et-Teim.
trendsetting	Known for its edgy designs and trendsetting styles, True Religion can be recognized for their unique, vintage-like denim.
trendy	Finally, do n't go to a too trendy place.
trepidation	Yet even back then, behind the smiles, was great trepidation.
trendiness	Georgia... is now enjoying a vogue that borders on trendiness, says the mighty Jeffrey Zeldman.
tremendous	Thank you, I think that would be a tremendous help.
trespasser	He might not have known whose trail out of the tunnel he was sabotaging—just some trespasser in his precious mine.
treponema	Syphilis is caused by the spiral- or coil-shaped bacteria (spirochete), Treponema pallidum.
trepang	Among the products are coco-nuts, sago, fish, trepang, timber, copra, maize, yams and tobacco.
tress	How can a man have a tress growing out of his head?
trespass	That's not any of our business, unless they trespass where they're not supposed to.
trews	The costume of the Tosks differs from that of the Ghegs; its distinctive feature is the white plaited linen fustanella or petticoat, which has been adopted by the Greeks; the Ghegs wear trews of white or crimson native cloth adorned with black braid, and a short, close-fitting jacket, which in the case of wealthy persons is embellished with gold lace.
trey	Her version of the song, performed with Trey Lorenz, re-entered the public eye when the pair performed the track as a tribute to Michael Jackson at his July 7, 2009 funeral.
trestle	They came up to a steel trestle that held the ancient penstock above an open gorge.
tri	If you're looking for a project for young crafters, anything that involves pony beads or tri beads should be suitable for elementary school students.
triable	Offenses under this section are also triable either way.
trial	He would simply have to learn by trial and error.
triad	With Zeus and Apollo, she forms a triad which represents the embodiment of all divine power.
triage	The Red Cross didn't stop with immediate triage of disaster victims.
triangulate	I will also be looking for ways to triangulate the findings.
triangulation	But beyond the eastern shores of the Caspian no system of direct geodetic measurements by first-class triangulation has been possible, and the surveys of Asiatic Russia are separated from those of Europe by the width of that inland sea.
triangulated	Multiple bearings are then triangulated to obtain an estimate of the speaker's position.
triathlon	I don't know what possessed me to commit to doing a triathlon.
triatomic	An early step accomplished by Ostwald in this direction is to define ozone in its relation to oxygen, considering the former as differing from the latter by an excess of energy, measurable as heat of transformation, instead of defining the difference as diatomic molecules in oxygen, and triatomic in ozone.
triangular	Moonlight spilled over triangular roofs into grassy front yards.
triangle	For when a triangle moves, the points do not move with it.
triaxial	Quiet stance was assessed using a triaxial accelerometer and balance performance monitor simultaneously.
triassic	Diabases pierce to Devonian rocks, and olivine rocks appear as dykes amidst the Triassic deposits.
tribe	The affairs of a tribe were ruled by a council of men past middle age.
tribalism	Some of them have their origins in tribalism; others are based on spiritual and personal expression.
tribesman	All matters affecting the community are discussed in the majlis or assembly, to which any tribesman has access; here, too, are brought the tribesmen's causes; both sides plead and judgment is given impartially, the loser is fined so many head of small cattle or camels, which he must pay or go into exile.
tribology	Our study does not claim to compare the tribology of one system with another.
tribal	Tribal wars were incessant.
tribulation	She danced out pain, passion, trial and tribulation.
tribune	About 95 he was military tribune in lower Moesia.
tribunate	In J4 he impeached unsuccessfully C. Porcius Cato, who in his tribunate (56) had acted as the tool of the triumvirs.
tribunal	As a tribunal it had no legal status.
triceratops	For a reptile a bit sweeter and friendlier than Spike, check out Kota the Triceratops by Playskool.
trichiasis	An estimated 11 million people worldwide develop trichiasis every year.
tributary	The duchy of Benevento remained tributary, but independent.
triceps	These moves can strengthen the biceps, triceps, and pectoral muscles if done repetitively.
trichomoniasis	This fact sheet provides information on Trichomoniasis (pigeon canker ), which infects approximately 80% of all pigeons.
trichome	The hair (trichome) is a superficial appendage of simple structure, which may be borne by any of the other members.
trick	It was some sort of trick to get her to slip up.
trickery	He despised all trickery and selfish greed.
tribute	In some places he pays an annual tribute in grapes, corn and other produce.
trickster	He's a bit of trickster figure and I like trickster figures.
trickle	Sand had already begun to trickle into the bottom.
tricking	I'm sick of deities and Immortals tricking and lying to me.
triclinic	Again, the pyroxenes, RS103 (R=Fe, Mg, Mn, &c.), assume the forms (I) monoclinic, sometimes twinned so as to become pseudo-rhombic; (2) rhombic, resulting from the pseudo-rhombic structure of (I) becoming ultramicroscopic; and (3) triclinic, distinctly different from (I) and (2); (I) and (2) are polysymmetric modifications, while (3) and the pair (I) and (2) are polymorphs.
tricorn	A tricorn hat looks like a triangle when placed on the head, and to modern people may appear funny, but they had purpose.
tricolor	They can also be black, brindle, red, fawn or tricolor.
tricolour	The French Flag or Le drapeau tricolour is a proud symbol of France.
tricuspid	In tricuspid atresia, the baby lacks a triscupid valve and blood cannot flow properly from the right atrium to the right ventricle.
tricot	The lining is a wonderful warm brushed polyester tricot.
trident	Nereus is represented with the sceptre and trident; the Nereids are depicted as graceful maidens, lightly clad or naked, riding on tritons and dolphins.
tricycle	As your toddler grows and becomes more coordinated, consider investing in a tricycle for him to pedal.
tricyclic	Also in the 1950s, tricyclic antidepressants appeared on the scene.
tried	He said you tried to call him.
tridentine	The English reformers realized this fact; and notwithstanding their insistence on the unique authority of the canon of Scripture, their appeal to the fathers as representatives of the teaching of the undivided Church was as wholehearted as that of the Tridentine divines.
tricky	The tricky part is the bit about the highlands, or mountains.
triennium	As could be expected these discussions and agreed outcomes will continue to shape the work of MLA East of England in the next triennium.
trier	However this may be, during the 12th century the elector of Trier took the title of archchancellor for the kingdom of Arles, although it is doubtful if he ever performed any duties in connexion with this office.
triennial	Finally a great triennial competition decides the elections.
trifle	That the people themselves did not regard the reform as a trifle is plain from the numerous rebellions against it.
triennially	A musical festival is held triennially.
trifler	You are defended from being a trifler.
trifling	Genius is not a retainer to any emperor, nor is its material silver, or gold, or marble, except to a trifling extent.
trifolium	The temporary includes vetches, pulse, lupine, clover and trifolium; and the perennial, meadow-trefoil, lupinella, sulla (fledysarum coronarium), lucerne and darnel.
trifoliate	It covers how to grow pummelo, kumquat, citron, calamondin, citrangequats, trifoliate orange, and sour orange.
trifocal	It arises in the estimation of entities such as the fundamental matrix, homography matrix, and the trifocal tensor, among others.
triforium	The top of the narthex forms a wide gallery, communicating with the interior at the triforium level.
trig	There's this guy in my trig class, Bobby Ridner.
trigeminal	The lining of these pits is amply supplied with branches from the trigeminal nerves, but the f unction is still quite unknown.
trigonometric	The relations of the quantities involved may be shown by simple trigonometric formulae.
trigon	Am selling the tank as I have a trigon 190, and could do with the space.
trigonal	The six small faces s{412} situated on alternate corners at each end of the crystal, are called the rhomb faces, because of their shape; if extended they would give a trigonal bipyramid.
trihedral	This animal, whose remains occur in the Lower Pliocene of both Attica and Samos, was about the size of a donkey, and possessed three pairs of upper incisor teeth, of which the innermost were large and trihedral, recalling those of the existing genus.
trigonometrical	C. Mailer's Bavaria, both based on trigonometrical surveys.
trigger	Something about her feet hitting the floor in the morning seemed to trigger her stomach.
trigonometry	The introduction of hyperbolic functions into trigonometry was also due to him.
trilateral	Patients with trilateral retinoblastoma who receive treatment have an average survival rate of approximately eight months, while those who remain untreated have an average survival rate of approximately one month.
trilby	In which she is dressed in a stylish Jacobean trilby hat and a great neck ruff, which was the fashion of that time.
trilingual	On the citadel rock are several inscriptions, the principal being a trilingual one of Xerxes on the southern face.
trilinear	The general equation to the circle in trilinear co-ordinates is readily deduced from the fact that the circle is the only curve which intersects the line infinity in the circular points.
trike	Our colored wooden trike is a great first trike for young children.
trillion	In 2009, pi was calculated to more than two trillion digits—in less than thirty hours.
trilling	A herd of cattle was being driven along the road from the village, and over the fields the larks rose trilling, one after another, like bubbles rising in water.
triliteral	The characteristic triliteral roots of all the Semitic languages seemed to separate them widely from others; but certain traits have caused the Egyptian, Berber and Cushite groups to be classed together as three subfamilies of a Hamitic group, remotely related to the Semitic. The biliteral character of Coptic, and the biliteralism which was believed to exist in Egyptian, led philologists to suspect that Egyptian might be a surviving witness to that far-off stage of the Semitic languages when triliteral roots had not yet been formed from presumed original biliterals; Sethes investigations, however, prove that the Coptic biliterals are themselves derived from Old Egyptian triliterals, and that the triliteral roots enormously preponderated in Egyptian of the earliest known form; that view is, therefore, no longer tenable.
trilobed	In a second section the molar teeth have the same pattern as in Palaeotherium (except that the third lower molar has but two lobes); the interval between the upper incisors exceeds the width of the teeth; and the lower incisors have distinctly trilobed crowns.
trilobite	Over 50 trilobites and a trilobite eye are illustrated.
trill	In this excerpt, Tom has just played a trill.
trimerous	This structure was formerly regarded as pointing to the fusion of two organs, and the pale was considered by Robert Brown to represent two portions soldered together of a trimerous perianth - whorl, the third portion being the lower pale.
trilithon	The fall of trilithon 22 and its lintel opened a larger path to the wind, and added to the danger of further destruction.
trimer	Solution studies indicate that an equimolar mixture of the three peptides forms a helical trimer with high specificity and stability.
trimaran	But her fragile 75ft trimaran, B&Q, is taking a battering in the rough seas of the Southern Ocean.
trimeter	The verse-form is a heroic hexameter with an Iambic trimeter attendant upon it.
trilogy	The Lord of the Rings Trilogy is a cinematic masterpiece.
trimester	Women are generally offered a first ultrasound during the first trimester of pregnancy.
trimethoprim	Methotrexate should be used with caution in patients taking drugs known to have antifolate potential including nitrous oxide and trimethoprim.
trimming	Regular trimming will keep your hair looking its best as well.
trimmer	His temper was naturally that of a trimmer; and he had thus many qualifications for the writing of well-informed and unbiassed history.
trim	She placed the roast in a pan and reached for a knife to trim the fat off of it.
trimurti	But despite the artificial character of the Trimurti, it has retained to this day at least its theoretical validity in orthodox Hinduism, whilst it has also undoubtedly exercised considerable influence in shaping sectarian belief, in promoting feelings of toleration towards the claims of rival deities; and in a tendency towards identifying divine figures newly sprung into popular favour with one or other of the principal deities, and thus helping to bring into vogue that notion of avatars, or periodical descents or incarnations of the deity, which has become so prominent a feature of the later sectarian belief.
trinity	The Trinity--the three elements of matter--are sulphur, mercury, and salt.
trine	They practise foot-washing and baptism by trine immersion; are strict sabbatarians and simple in their manner of life.
trinitarian	As the theological doctrine of the Logos which bulks so largely in the writings of the apologists of the 2nd century came to the front, the trinitarian problem became acute.
trinomial	The terms trinomial, quadrinomial, multinomial, &c., are applied to expressions composed similarly of three, four or many quantities.
trinket	He held out his hand, and she deposited a small trinket in it.
triode	The book includes some fascinating photos - including that of HP 's founders with Lee De Forest, the triode tube inventor.
trio	The trio was out of camera range a few steps later.
tripartite	It perpetuates the tripartite division of the world by the ancient Greeks and survives in the Royal Orb.
tripe	This was of course, a load of old tripe.
trip	It's only a four hour trip, maybe.
triplet	Cut the triplet from the cucumber, and then continue slicing the cucumber in the same way.
triplicity	We start, according to him, from a psychological triplicity in consciousness, consisting of sensation, personal will and impersonal reason, which by a priori laws of causality and substance carries us to the ontological triplicity of oneself as ego willing, the non-ego as cause of sensation, and God as the absolute cause beneath these relative causes.
tripling	A project in Honduras, which emphasized soil conservation practices and organic fertilizers, saw a tripling or quadrupling of yields.
triplicate	But with the sole exception of proving that the volumes of spheres are in the triplicate ratio of their diameters, a theorem probably due to Eudoxus, no mention is made of its mensuration.
triploid	You may hear anglers speak of triploid fish, especially at trout fisheries.
tripper	A pleasure tripper is what they say.
triply	The triply infinite system of null-lines form what is called in linegeometry a complex.
tripping	You're guilt tripping me already?
triptych	The altar-piece is a triptych, the centre-piece representing the Crucifixion; beside the cross Luther is represented, with the open Bible in his hand, while the blood from the pierced side of the Saviour pours on to his head.
triple	From it rise double or triple ranges connected by cross-ridges and spined with outer spurs.
tripos	Educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he took a first-class both in the mathematical tripos and in the 2nd part of the moral sciences tripos, he remained at Cambridge as a lecturer, and became well known as a student of mathematical philosophy and a leading exponent of the views of the newer school of Realists.
tripoli	He allied himself to the Mongols against the advance of the Egyptian sultan; but in 1268 he lost Antioch to Bibars, and when he died in 1275 he was only count of Tripoli.
tripod	Leave the tripod in my care until we get an answer.
trireme	For the first time since the Greek trireme the ship reemerged as a weapon in its own right.
triskelion	The three spirals are sometimes used in combination with a Trinity or Triskelion design.
triste	It stands on a small peninsula which partly shelters a large bay, called Golfo Triste, by the early Spanish navigators.
trite	At that moment, his words sounded trite to me.
triumph	Our spectacular triumph was the return of an infant from a small Texas hospital.
triton	Separate fully tiled cubicle fitted with a Triton shower & a folding glass door.
trituration	The movements of bones and muscles were referred to the theory of levers; the process of digestion was regarded as essentially a process of trituration; nutrition and secretion were shown to be dependent upon the tension of the vessels, and so forth.
triumphalism	However, Poland into the New Millenium charts a more tentative line than the rhetoric of capitalist triumphalism.
triumvir	Under Macedonian and Roman rule Eretria fell into insignificance; for a short period under Mark Antony, the triumvir, it became a possession of Athens.
triumphant	Toni gave Jessi a triumphant look.
tritium	The United States has recently announced its intention of using a civilian nuclear energy plant to produce tritium for the military.
triune	This pure being is God, and must be distinguished from the triune God as known to us.
triumphal	William made his triumphal entry into the capital (September 23), which he had quitted as an outlawed fugitive ten years before.
triumvirate	In Rome the triumvirate decided to defend the republic to the last.
triumviri	It was one of the eighteen richest cities of Italy which the triumviri selected as a reward for their troops.
trivet	Protect your counter with a hot pad or trivet even under countertop appliances, like toaster ovens, to avoid potential damage.
trivalent	Terbium appears to be trivalent.
trivial	It might be trivial, but it was an integral part of their marriage.
triviality	There is no splendor, no vastness anywhere, only triviality for a moment and then nothing.
trivia	He can even spout some sports trivia and Christmas carols and stuff like that.
trochaic	Another work was the Saturae, written in various metres, but chiefly in the trochaic tetrameter.
trivium	His pupil Richer has left us a detailed account of his system of teaching at Reims. So far as the trivium is concerned, his text-books were Victorinus's translation of Porphyry's Isagoge, Aristotle's Categories, and Cicero's Topics with Manlius's Commentaries.
trocar	This may be relieved by tapping the cavity with a small hollow needle (Southey's trocar), or by passing into it a large sharp-pointed tube.
trochanter	The trochanter is simple in some genera and divided in others.
trochee	We are told that an assembly was stirred to wild applause by a double trochee - - u.
trod	After a sleepless night, I trod with a lofty step the ruins of the forum; each memorable spot, where Romulus stood, or Tully spoke, or Caesar fell, was at once present to my eye; and several days of intoxication were lost or enjoyed before I could descend to a cool and minute investigation.
trochoidal	Further, on examining the small variation in i/i, it appears that in a slightly disturbed slow precession the motion of any point of the axis consists of a rapid circular vibration superposed on the steady precession, so that the resultant path has a trochoidal character.
trolley	The trolley is an articulated frame 77 ft.
troglodyte	There are many troglodyte villages in the Costa Almeria.
troika	The Troika is a sleek, but fun shoe that fits perfectly for colder seasons' footwear.
trodden	The grain is usually trodden out by cattle and is of ten stored in claylined pits.
trochlear	In these cases the patella can be easily lifted out of, and replaced back into the trochlear groove on the femur.
troll	A Do not feed the troll image.. .
trombone	Soon after, the band added a trombone player.
troop	He was active in raising troop s xx1.5 FIG.
tron	Well, a new chapter in Tron 's history has arrived with the slightly sarcastic, but aptly titled Auslaender.
trooper	Less than fifteen minutes later, a state trooper car pulled into the yard.
troostite	On cooling into region 6 or 8 austenite should normally split up into ferrite and cementite, after passing through the successive stages of martensite, troostite and sorbite, Fe 0 C= Fe 3 C +Fe(i 3).
trojan	According to the legend it was founded by the Trojan Antenor.
trope	Of course, the car chase is a standard trope of the Hollywood film, never the traffic jam.
troopship	This wreck is believed to be an English troopship.
trophoblast	One example is the 5T4 oncofoetal antigen originally defined by a monoclonal antibody raised against human trophoblast.
trophic	That special trophic nerves, however, exist throughout the body, seems to be a myth.
tropical	The tropical belt of high pressure persists all the year tion of ture.
tropic	Mount Morrison stands nearly under the Tropic of Cancer.
tropism	The virus also has gastrointestinal tropism in various bird species.
trophy	The bike was a trophy from a time when Dean's budget contained more expendable income.
tropine	Benzo-ortho-diazines exist in two structural forms, cinnolin and phthalazine; benzo-meta-diazines are known as quinazolines; benzo-para-diazines are termed quinoxalines; the dibenzo-compounds are named phenazines, this last group including many valuable dyestuffs - indulines, safranines, &c. In addition to the types of compounds enumerated above we may also notice purin, tropine and the terpenes.
troposphere	Water vapor in the upper troposphere has a very large impact on the radiation balance.
trot	The horse's name was Prince and he was gentle and liked to trot very fast.
tropopause	In addition, these clouds play a key role in the transport of air and water vapor across the tropical tropopause.
troth	A conscientious man according to his lights, he took as his device the motto Pacluin serva, keep troth, which was afterwards inscribed on his tomb, and did his best to live up to it.
trouble	I had trouble keeping up with him.
trotter	You would know, you little globe trotter.
troubled	You just seem to be troubled, lately.
trotting	She looked down and stepped away, trotting to the locker room.
troubleshoot	For example, a March 2010 Facebook post apologized to subscribers who had not received the most recent issue yet and worked to troubleshoot individual issues subscribers had with receiving their print copy of the publication.
trotskyist	The result was that the defeatist position adopted in 1938 by the founding congress of the Trotskyist Fourth International lacked political purchase.
troubadour	The death of King Diniz proved a severe blow to troubadour verse, and the reign of his successor Alphonso IV.
troublemaker	Spinner is a troublemaker, who struggles with academics.
troublesome	She was very troublesome when I began to write this morning.
troubleshooter	He has been headhunted to become a troubleshooter for the government's National College of School Leadership.
troubleshooting	He didn't make any decisions; he just went out and visited the local offices and some of our independent agents, you know, pumping up our product line, troubleshooting, that sort of thing.
troublous	In the troublous times that followed it often changed hands.
troupe	Donald Ryland led the troupe down the path on the west side of the river.
trouper	Your performance throughout showed you to be a wonderful performer - a REAL trouper !
trouser	He took some gold pieces from his trouser pocket and put them on the dish for her.
trough	In the main it is a broad trough, wider towards the north than towards the south, and unsymmetrical, Hudson Bay occupying much of its north-eastern part, while to the west broad plains rise gradually to the foot-hills of the Rocky Mountains, the eastern member of the Cordillera which follows the Pacific coast of America.
trowel	For internal plastering a combination of wood and sponge floats and a plasterers trowel can be used to create a smooth polished finish.
trousseau	Natasha's trousseau had to be ordered and the house sold.
trow	This man, I trow, has got the right sow by the ear.
trove	Hatton Shopping Village is a treasure trove for discerning shoppers.
truant	Provision is made for truant, dependent, neglected and delinquent children.
truce	You can't use our truce to ask for favors.
trousers	He stepped into his new trousers, inhaling deeply before buttoning them.
truancy	They promised in 1998 to cut truancy by a third.
trout	Trout and salmon are plentiful in the river.
trucker	There are also side pockets and vertical seaming.The trucker also comes in a light blue denim and a dark wash.
troy	Of this $11,271,708 was the value of collars and cuffs (89.5% of the value of the total American product), an industry which gave employment to 49.3% of the wage-earners in Troy, and paid 42.1% of the wages.
trucking	He took those wood pieces and sold them out of the back of trucking yards.
truculent	They behaved in the most high-handed, brutal and truculent manner.
truckle	Each cheddar truckle is approximately 40cm in diameter, 30cm high, 25kg in weight and has a fat content of 48% .
truculence	Rome had been roused to unwonted fury, and the truculence of the rebels was matched by the cruelty of their masters.
truckload	And, yes, he's got a truckload of enthusiasm.
truffle	The exact life-history of the truffle is not known.
trudge	The show will trudge on retooled as Kate Plus Eight.
truetype	The most important type of scalable, high resolution fonts are TrueType fonts.
truck	The blue truck was nowhere in sight.
truly	She truly wanted to help him.
truffled	Main course was guinea fowl, roast shallots, creamed celeriac, truffled egg, with thyme and pine nut tart.
trug	More Tooled Up This recycled rubber trug has hundreds of uses and is perfect for storing all your gardening tools.
truism	The fundamental truism is the epigrammatic assertion of this distinction.
trumpet	The use of the trumpet is also later.
trumpery	A most trumpery affair brought matters to a head.
trump	I traded my trump cards, Sofi added.
trumpeter	Formerly the trumpeter swan nested here.
true	It was true, she didn't know him.
truncation	The truncation symbol $ finds all the words from a single stem.
truncal	The third body region or trunk may attain a great length, one or two feet, or even more, and is also muscular, but the truncal muscles are of subordinate importance in locomotion, serving principally to promote the peristaltic contractions of the body by which the food is carried through the gut.
truncate	Exact Word Match Only The default search is set to automatically truncate search words.
trunk	The black car sat outside the building with its trunk open.
trundle	The van started to trundle slowly along the road.
trustee	The trustee is also the assessor.
truncated	The form is that of a truncated cone, placed on a cylindrical base, 196 ft.
trust	I thought I could trust you.
trustful	They are hardworking, trustful and sincere.
truncheon	He disturbed thieves breaking into a goods wagon and was beaten to death, probably by his own truncheon.
trussing	By this trussing arrangement the whole structure was rendered exceedingly stiff.
trunnion	Remove the split pin and undo the slotted nut from the trunnion bolt.
trusteeship	On 15 March, we launched new guidance on user trusteeship.
truss	These roses will have simultaneously occurring blooms in each truss.
trustworthy	Mostly, she was trustworthy and accurate.
truthful	I decided that being truthful was the best approach.
truth	The truth was so painful.
trustworthiness	Do a free background check to verify the trustworthiness of someone in your life.
truthfulness	John Bright said of her that what specially struck him was her absolute truthfulness.
try	Try to stay out of the woods.
truthfully	Truthfully, it is pretty awful.
trusting	Deidre sank to the floor, not trusting herself.
trusty	His character is drawn in most favourable colours as a good son, a loving husband and father, and a trusty friend.
trypanosome	Nevertheless, the fact, commented upon by several observers, that even here an infected fly is only infectious for a comparatively short period suggests that this species of fly, at any rate, is not the true alternate host in which the life-cycle of that particular Trypanosome is completed.
trypsin	A third enzyme, the trypsin of the pancreas, possesses the power of both pepsin and erepsin.
trypanosomiasis	Prevalence of bovine trypanosomiasis of up to 40% has been reported.
tryst	It's true that finding time to indulge in a little afternoon tryst is extremely hard.
trying	Why were you trying to call him?
tsarist	But for us, Russian Social Democrats, there can be no doubt that, from the point of view of the working-classes and of the toiling masses of all the Russian peoples, the lesser evil would be a defeat of the Tsarist monarchy.
tsetse	Insects abound, the greatest pest being the tsetse fly, common in the low veld.
tsarism	At the same time they were prepared, under certain conditions, to make temporary agreements with the Socialist-Revolutionaries in the struggle against tsarism.
tsarevich	At this period the preceptors of the tsarevich had the highest opinion of his ability; but, unfortunately, it was not the sort of ability that his father could make use of.
tsunami	We moved to adjacent land with a higher elevation in case there was a tsunami after the earthquake.
tsr	We assume that in limiting equilibrium we have F tsR, everywhere, where u is the coefficient of friction.
tub	She stepped out of the tub and dried off.
tsp	Add 1 coarsely grated apple, 1 tbsp raisins and 2 tsp maple syrup and serve.
tuba	He has also played tuba with many of the world's leading symphony orchestras.
tty	There's a special TTY line for the deaf at 1-800-787-3224.
tt	In one sense tt may be said to stand to theological literature in Scotland in something of the same position as that occupied by the Canon Mirificus with respect to the scientific literature, for it is the first published original work relating to theological interpretation, and is quite without a predecessor in its own field.
tuber	The potato tuber consists mainly of a mass of cells filled with starch and encircled by a thin corky rind.
tubercle	Hind feet with one or two phalanges, in the first toe forming a distinct tubercle visible externally; the second and third toes very slender, of equal length, joined as far From Gould.
tubby	Gents have you gained a tubby tummy and lost sight of your twinkle toes?
tubal	Tubal may be the eponymous ancestor of the people of that name mentioned in Ezekiel in connexion with vessels of bronze.
tubercular	Thus the liability to tubercular infection is far commoner in the midst of a depraved population than in one fulfilling the primary laws of nature; rickets is a disease of great cities rather than of rural districts; and syphilis is more disastrous and protracted in its course in the depraved in health than in the robust.
tuberculin	The current test was the double intradermal test using only mammalian tuberculin, necessitating three visits over a period of 72 hours.
tuberculous	The so-called pure acid is applied to infected living tissues, especially to tuberculous sinuses or wounds, after scraping them, in order to destroy any part of the tuberculous material still remaining.
tuberculosis	In 1921, a tuberculosis vaccine was developed in France.
tubicolous	Naturally, it is among the free living forms that the parapodium is best developed, and least developed among the tubicolous belongs typically a long tentacle, the cirrus, which 'r podium or neuropodium, and may be developed into an arborescent gill or into a flat scale-like process, A the elytron (in Polynoe, &c.).
tuberose	Skin manifestations facilitate the diagnosis of genetic disease - well known examples include neurofibromatosis and tuberose sclerosis but there are many others.
tsar	The only difference was that the tsar had cut himself off from them, and they were not even to communicate with him except on extraordinary and exceptional occasions.
tuberosity	Ischio-rectal fossa Tuberosity of ischium Gluteus maximus The vesiculae seminales are sac-like diverticula, one on each side, from the lower part of the ampullae of the vasa deferentia.
tubifex	The more complete replacements, such as the nephridia of the genital segment of Tubifex by a subsequently formed genital duct, may be compared with the succession of the nesonephros to the pronephros in vertebrates, and of the metanephros to the mesonephros in the higher vertebrates..
tuberous	A charming tuberous rooted plant, called winter aconite.
tubule	At the top of each of these pouches there is a minute orifice, the aperture of a small tubule lying above each pouch in the dorsal coelom.
tubular	A tubular piece of wood shaped as in fig.
tube	This time he created enough suction to pull her nipple well into his mouth - feeding tube and all.
tubing	The device employed for this purpose is known as the water-packer, and consists in its simplest form of an india-rubber ring, which is applied between the tubing and the well-casing, so that upon compression it makes a tight joint.
tucker	It owes its name either to its early paper and grist mills (Milton being abbreviated from Milltown) or to Milton Abbey, Dorset, whence members of the Tucker family came, it is supposed, to Milton about 1662.
tuck	Come tuck me in, my Greek goddess.
tuff	Where lava has been piled up in successive nearly horizontal sheets, with occasional layers of tuff or other softer rock between them, it offers conditions peculiarly favourable for the formation of escarpments, as in the wide basalt plateaus of the Inner Hebrides.
tues	I Tues.
tufa	Ten shafts lined with slabs of tufa which were there found may have been the approaches to tombs or may have served as wells.
tue	Tue 27 Jun 2006 How can I reuse or recycle... cotton bobbins?
tuesday	It was the first words spoken to him by the sharp-tongued woman since the prior Tuesday evening when she'd first purchased the letters.
tudor	Of the first the Tudor gateway opens upon Chancery Lane.
tuft	From under the shoulders on each side springs a dense tuft of goldenorange plumes, about 2 ft.
tum	You'll never guess what I've just found Drinking tho a straw are you Tum diddly dum dum toot toot!
tugboat	They also noted that the Japanese tin mine tugboat crews seemed surprisingly well educated.
tumble	After a sharp drop, their tumble slowed suddenly.
tug	His gentle tug was all the encouragement she needed.
tulip	The tulip tree was common both in the S.W.
tufted	The species of the genus Lemur are diurnal, and may be recognized by the length of the muzzle, and the large tufted ears.
tulle	Wrap them in tulle, and tie with a ribbon.
tuition	In the normal schools, where the pupils are trained to enter the public service as primary teachers, not only is the tuition free, but also books, board, lodging and everything needed in their school work.
tumbrel	He had to be torn from his seat ere he was removed to prison, and as he sat next to Danton in the tumbrel which conveyed them to the guillotine, the calmness of the great leader failed to impress him.
tumbledown	Often a noise has come from the side of some tumbledown building.
tumbler	Serve the drink in a tumbler or stemmed glass.
tumbling	It's easier to practice stunts and tumbling.
tumid	There are some pleasing passages in Arnobius, but on the whole he is a tumid and a tedious author.
tummy	They swelled and blended smoothly - and that flat tummy was so masculine.
tumor	I made him a deal to take the tumor out.
tumour	A simple tumour composed of well-differentiated fibrous tissue.
tums	Besides, I still have some of my old supply of Tums.
tumult	Their passions were quickly aroused and a tumult broke out on the 8th of October.
tumultuous	The tumultuous storm was beginning to lose some of its fury.
tumuli	Ancient tombs with fragments of vases have also been found, and there are cases which have been used as primitive tombs or dwellings, and a group of some fifty tumuli near Altamura.
tuneless	He blew into the bagpipes and made an ear-splitting tuneless racket.
tun	The derivation from the Saxon cesc (ash) and tun (an enclosed place) accounts for the earliest orthography Estun.
tumulus	In another a flock of vultures is feeding on the bodies of the fallen enemy; in a third a tumulus is being heaped up over those who had been slain on the side of Lagash.
tundra	For the most part it consists of tundra, with frequent marshes and small lakes.
tuna	Sarah came home as she was putting the tuna salad into the refrigerator.
tunable	But the tunable diffraction grating could raise it by about 100 percent.
tuneful	Slightly fey, very tuneful and very nice, they're not for everyone.
tuner	Some of the latest televisions now include a built-in Freeview tuner.
tungus	At Irkutsk and in the valley of the Irkut the admixture of Tungus and Buriat blood is obvious, and still more in the Nerchinsk district and among the Transbaikal Cossacks settled on the Argun.
tungstic	His next discovery, in 1781, was the composition of the mineral tungsten, since called scheelite (calcium tungstate), from which he obtained tungstic acid.
tung	The inhabitants are mentioned in the official works of the Yuan dynasty as Tung fan or eastern barbarians; and under the Ming dynasty the island begins to appear as Kilung.
tungstate	Of other lead minerals we may mention the basic sulphate lanarkite, PbO PbSO 4; leadhillite, PbSO 4.3PbCO 3; the basic chlorides matlockite, PbO PbC12j and mendipite, PbC1 2.2PbO; the chloro-phosphate pyromorphite, PbC12.3Pb3(P04)2, the chloro-arsenate mimetesite, PbC12.3Pb3(As04)2; the molybdate wulfenite, PbMoO 4; the chromate crocoite or crocoisite, PbCrO 4; the tungstate stolzite, PbW04.
tune	She was humming a tune I didn't recognize.
tungsten	Similar potassium tungsten bronzes are known.
tupi	It is a large rodent known to the Tupi Indians as the paca-rana, or false paca, in allusion to the resemblance of its coloration to that of the true paca, from which it differs by its elldeveloped tail, the absence of cheek-pouches, the full development of all five toes and the wider thorax.
tunisian	The range of the Saharan Atlas of Algeria divides (roughly speaking) into two at the Tunisian frontier.
tunica	The tunic with long sleeves (tunica manicata) was a later fashion.
tup	This strong, clean skinned lamb is by a home bred tup, and out of a ewe by the T2 Kilnstown.
tunicle	Finally, the pope, when celebrating mass, wears the same vestments as an ordinary bishop, with the addition of the subcinctorium, a dalmatic, worn over the tunicle and under the chasuble, and the orale or fanone.
tuppence	All the times she'd offered me a penny for my thoughts, yet she didn't care tuppence for my opinion.
tunic	The tunic with long sleeves (tunica manicata) was a later fashion.
tunny	Pietro, forms a more or less protected basin, upon the shores of which are several small harbours (the most important being Carloforte), which are centres of the export of minerals and of the tunny fishery.
tuning	Thus it is easy to detect a want of tuning in these intervals.
tunnel	There's a tunnel under here.
turbidity	The amount of hydrocyanic acid in a solution may be determined by adding excess of caustic potash and a small quantity of an alkaline chloride, and running into the dilute solution standard silver nitrate until a faint permanent turbidity (of silver chloride) is produced, that is, until the reaction, 2KNC+AgNO 3 = KAg(NC) 2 - -KNO 3, is completed.
turban	The second form of the turban is known as the pagri.
turbid	She clung to it as an escape from the turbid waters below the surface of their conversation.
turbinate	The middle turbinate has also been partly removed to show a bristle passed from the middle meatus into the antrum.
turbo	This was found in a Turbo shell, occupied also by a Pagurid, and coated with Actinians.
turbine	Turbine hybrid systems can be used to utilize the energy of the exhaust gases.
turbot	They obeyed at once, and next served a fine large turbot on a silver platter, with drawn gravy poured over it.
turbulence	We're running into a little turbulence from the storm.
turbulent	The citizens, however, retained their turbulent spirit.
tureen	The shellfish filled a large tureen, two large casseroles and a large meat dish.
turd	How could I decline without sounding like a total turd?
turgidity	The naked cells which have been alluded to live in water, and call therefore for no differentiation in connection with this necessity; but those which are surrounded by a cell-wall always develop within themselves a vacuole or cavity which occupies the greater part of their interior, and the hydrostatic pressure of whose contents keeps tha protoplasm in contact with the membrane, setting up a condition of turgidity.
turf	Seaside turf is the best.
turfy	The peach border should be composed of turfy mellow FIG.
turgid	Cut plants are allowed to wilt, or become flaccid, before removal from the field, to prevent injury to the turgid leaves.
turgor	This regulation of turgor is as characteristic of vegetable protoplasm as contraction is of muscle.
turn	But let's see how things turn out.
turki	From it the Oxus, or Amu, flows off to the west, and the Jaxartes, or Syr, to the north, through the Turki state of Khokand, while to the east the waters run down past Kashgar to the central desert of the Gobi, uniting with the streams from the northern slope of the Tibetan plateau that traverse the principalities of Yarkand and Khotan, which are also Turki.
turmoil	There was turmoil in her pale blue eyes.
turk	He published Lives of Foreign Statesmen (1830), The Greek and the Turk (1853), and Reigns of Louis X VIII.
turmeric	Fresh turmeric applied over a freshly washed face with Mysore Sandal wood soap.
turned	She sighed and turned away.
turkey	I happen to be going that way, and I will carry your turkey, if you will allow me.
turnbuckle	But the plan backfired as Austin Irish Whipped Taker into steel turnbuckle.
turnery	The chief industries of Grimsby are shipbuilding, brewing, tanning, manufactures of ship tackle, ropes, ice for preserving fish, turnery, flour, linseed cake, artificial manure; and there are saw mills, bone and corn mills, and creosote works.
turnip	If the turnip is dry, it is watered, each drop carefully metered out.
turnover	He was reluctant to invest in a venture that has a slow turnover.
turnoff	Also, the cookie-cutter site might be a turnoff for people who are looking for higher-end luxury items and expect more of a custom designed site.
turnpike	He'd take the turnpike extension south.
turnkey	I visited the condemned malefactors in Newgate, and was locked in by the turnkey, not with them, but in the yard.
turpitude	His homilies, which are still preserved, furnish ample apology for the partiality of the people, exhibiting the free command of a pure and copious vocabulary, an inexhaustible fund of metaphors and similitudes, giving variety and grace to the most familiar topics, with an almost dramatic exposure of the folly and turpitude of vice, and a deep moral earnestness.
turnstile	You will be asked for your ticket as you enter the turnstile.
turner	Turner thinks that in this respect the account in Gal.
turtle	The Mosquito Indians come every summer to fish for turtle off the Atlantic coast.
turntable	Verdict A more accessible version of Q Bert's revolutionary turntable and mixer concept.
turpentine	He began his experimental work in 1841 with investigations of oil of turpentine and tolu balsam, in the course of which he discovered toluene.
turning	Your lips are turning blue!
turret	The machinery worked so badly that the revolution of the turret was stopped.
turkish	Gladys waddled downstairs, strung in more beads than the draped back room doorway of a Turkish dope den.
tusk	A tusk in the British Museum measures io ft.
turves	You may be able to cut additional turves from a nearby field.
turreted	The four turreted gateways furnish excellent examples of 6th and 17th century architecture.
tuscarora	A long strip within the Tuscarora deep forms the largest continuous area with a depth greater than 4000 fathoms. All the rest of the western Pacific is a region of quite irregular contour.
turquoise	His skin was dark, his eyes turquoise, as their father's had been.
tush	This information will be found on both the hang tag and tush tag.
tussock	The nest, under a tussock of grass or a stone, is constructed of short dry straws, and usually lined with hair.
tussur	Large quantities of lac and tussur silk are gathered in the hilly tract.
tussle	Then we had another tussle over folding her napkin.
tutelage	Under Katie's tutelage, she was gaining confidence.
tutelary	He is the tutelary deity of women and presides over marriage ceremonies.
tutelar	As the Dorian tutelar he aids Tyndareus and Aegimius.
tutorial	Darkyn was ancient, according to the tutorial she'd watched, from the time-before-time.
tutor	Only young Nicholas and his tutor remained.
tuscan	These decrees were issued together with a pastoral letter of Bishop de' Ricci, and were warmly approved by the grand-duke, at whose instance a national synod of the Tuscan bishops met at Florence on the 23rd of April 1787.
tutu	On the refusal of the Fanti to deliver up the fugitives, Osai Tutu invaded their country, defeated them and drove them towards the sea.
tutti	Aria ( Rolling in foaming billows ) Bass trombone doubles contrabassoon in tutti passages.
twas	I said the Deare was not a haud credo, ' twas a Pricket Hol.
twaddle	As for sympathy for the landlords, i've never heard such twaddle in all my life.
tutorship	Shortly afterwards he accepted a tutorship at Trinity Hall.
twa	He had sixteen children, his son Patrick being the auld Wodrow of Burns's poem Twa Herds.
twee	Am not good at slow walks to ice cream vans, lingering visits to twee villages or staring in estate agent windows.
tux	She removed his Tux and shoes, rolling him around the bed in the process.
tuxedo	You're renting a tuxedo, right?
tweedy	He is a trim, nice-looking 72-year-old wearing a tweedy jacket and spiffy tasseled loafers.
twang	There are such words as joy and sorrow, but they are only the burden of a psalm, sung with a nasal twang, while we believe in the ordinary and mean.
tweet	For a basic tweet scheduler, try AutoTweeter.
tweak	To fully optimize your website, you can tweak the source code of the page.
twain	It is almost cleft in twain where the Hauraki Gulf penetrates to within 6 m.
tween	Thus in 1905 the number of holdings be tween 1 and 5 acres was 62,126, the number between 5 and 15 acres 154,560, the number between 15 and 30 acres 134,370 and the number above 30 acres 164,747.
tweeze	The reason for this is that it's the room where people most frequently put on makeup, apply ointments and bandages, tweeze eyebrows, and do all sorts of other things that require adequate light.
twelve	I was then twelve years old.
tweezer	A grip type tweezer to hold the foam applicators is also included.
tweed	What frontier was adopted after Agricola's departure, whether Tweed or Cheviot or other, is unknown.
tweeter	A tweeter speaker will enhance the high tones in the music you like.
twelvefold	The twelvefold division of the zodiac was evidently suggested by the occurrence of twelve full moons in successive parts of it in the course of each year.
twelvemonth	Within a twelvemonth he became more widely known by his Castigo y Perdon, and by a more humorous effort, Los dos Guzmanes; and shortly afterwards he was appointed by the Moderado government to a post in the home office, which he lost in 1854 on the accession to power of the Liberal party.
twelfth	The Twelfth Army is on its way back from Europe.
tweezers	Simply pull out the 2 pins with a pair of tweezers or small pliers.
twice	We go through this at least twice a year.
twiddle	A quick twiddle of the focussing ring and set up was done.
twerp	Adamson tossed the book at the little twerp!
twentieth	At the beginning of the 20th century the Baptist Union collected a Twentieth Century Fund of £250,000, which has largely assisted the formation of new churches, and gives an indication of the unity and virility of the denomination.
twenties	She was a gorgeous creature in her early twenties with a figure that would make a monk sigh.
tv	It's as safe as watching TV and a darned sight more fun.
twig	If I could ever find the twig he sits upon!
twiggy	She sports the latest black lace trimmed cloak, and carries the essential accessory - her twiggy broomstick!
twine	He handed the ball of twine to her.
twining	Twining plants with running perennial roots.
twinkle	His eyes began to twinkle again.
twenty	There were twenty of them, far more than the small house could hold.
twill	Popular materials are cotton twill, nylon, and straw.
twist	She tried to twist away from him.
twinning	Twinning is represented only by twinlamellae, which are parallel to the planes m and f and are of secondary origin, having been produced by pressure.
twit	He used to wear leather gaiters and looked a right twit.
twister	If you have extra Twister mats, you can use those.
twisty	Small twisty roads in a place where the rich people live.
twinge	Megan felt a twinge of fear.
twinkling	Katie's eyes were twinkling with humor.
twisting	She turned her face away, twisting free of his arms.
twilight	They were sitting in the twilight by a window in the drawing room.
twitch	An eye twitch is an example of a simple motor tic.
twirl	In large pans a mechanical stirring apparatus is provided, which in some cases, as in Morfit's steam twirl, is formed of the steam-heating tubes geared to rotate.
twin	In these as in other respects, however, it is a lesser twin of Walden.
twitchy	She did n't know why she felt so twitchy, so drawn to the Thames.
twofold	His zeal is represented in a twofold aspect.
twosome	An all too rare chance to see talented twosome on a big screen.
twopenny	The South Australian Twopenny Magazine was published at Plymouth, England, in 1839, and the South Australian Miscellany and New Zealand Review at London in the same year.
tyke	Anyway, Rooney, you should still be at school, little tyke.
tycoon	In Rollercoaster Tycoon, for example, you are responsible for setting the price of admission, hiring staff, and creating fun thrill rides for your customers.
twopence	This seminary was, however, closed in about six months, and on the 2nd of March 1736/7 both Johnson and Garrick left Lichfield for London - Johnson, as he afterwards said, with twopence halfpenny in his pocket, and Garrick with three-halfpence in his.
tympanic	The ear flaps, the tympanic membranes, are the two large ' scales ' just behind the jaw-bone.
twitter	Nothing exists that even remotely looks like Twitter before the Internet.
two	They had two adopted children already.
tympanum	It is a noble portal, erected in 1460, apparently from designs by Fra Giocondo, with the lion of St Mark in the attic. The statuary, with Sta Giustina on the summit of the tympanum, was added in 1571 and 1578.
typesetter	Authors should correct typesetter 's errors in red; minimal alterations of their own work should be noted in black.
typeset	Equations must be typeset, preferably by Equation Editor in MS Word, not handwritten.
typeface	Spend a little extra to get a coordinating ribbon or typeface in brown.
typescript	As the journal uses double-blind refereeing, the author's name or affiliation must not appear on the typescript.
typhoon	The typhoon warnings sent out from the Manila observatory annually save heavy loss of life and property.
typesetting	T E X provides an unrivaled facility for elegant typesetting of mathematics.
typical	It was a typical night.
typewritten	These copies, now deposited in the Lenox Library, New York City, contain a diary in 24 typewritten volumes, besides some correspondence and other private papers.
typewriting	Norwalk has some manufactures, including woollen goods and typewriting machines; and there is some coasting trade, oysters especially being shipped from Norwalk.
type	She continued to type while I put in the call.
typhus	He died in Philadelphia on the 19th of April 1813, after a five days' illness from typhus fever.
typhoid	Typhoid and pulmonary diseases are common.
typify	The passage of this ice is indicated by the many drumlins that typify the landscape.
typewriter	Her typewriter has no special attachments.
typo	The keyword research tool has a built-in keyword suggestion tool, typo generator and the ability to extract keywords from Google.
typographer	The edition of Petrarch's Italian Poems, published by Aldus in 1501, and the Terzerime, which issued from the same press in 1502, were edited by Bembo, who was on intimate terms with the great typographer.
typographic	As such, your new employer will want to see that you can create a professional looking document that is formatted properly and free of typographic errors.
typographical	After a year he returned to Norwich and identified himself with the movement to organize local printers in a branch of the Typographical Association, of which he became president and ultimately secretary.
typist	Not only was Rita the fastest typist in Parkside, she was the neatest.
typography	Before the invention of typography, pages of books, or anything of a broadside nature, were printed from woodcuts, i.e.
tyrannical	He was a tyrannical ruler, and died suddenly in 1522.
typology	This led toward an illustrative typology of entrepreneurship educators.
typing	He sobered, staring at the screen a moment before typing again.
typically	It is in fact typically a closed system.
tyranny	His fame is tarnished, however, by numerous deeds of tyranny and cruelty.
tyrant	Public opinion is a weak tyrant compared with our own private opinion.
tyrannosaurus	The Museum of Natural History features a towering elephant and a tyrannosaurus rex along with all sorts of prehistoric creatures.
tyrolean	We took in the scenery, breathed the clear Tyrolean air and ate the strudel.
tyro	Tammy was still a tyro in ballet, but her enthusiasm to learn was inspiring.
tyrannous	His rule over his own people was tyrannous.
tyrosine	It is also found in horse's liver, being one of the putrefaction products of tyrosine.
u	From the equation K=(µ - I)/47r, it follows that the magnetic susceptibility of a vacuum (where µ = I) is o, that of a diamagnetic substance (where, u I) is positive.
tyrosinase	It has recently been ascertained that the coloration of certain sponges is due to the interaction of an oxydizing ferment, tyrosinase, upon certain colourless chromogenic substances.
tzar	It seemed that the gentleman was no less a person than a Russian grand duke, in fact the exiled of the Tzar Nicholas.
tyre	The prince of Tyre occupied part of Galilee.
ubiquitous	Computers are becoming increasingly ubiquitous.
ubiquity	Interesting to see the applications that are coming forward to leverage the ubiquity of the mobile phone!
udi	The daughters are named Zahy and Ra`wa by Mas`udi ii.
uda	Steamers ascend this river as far as Bilyutai, near the Mongolian frontier, and bring back tea, imported via Kiakhta, while grain, cedar nuts, salt, soda, wool and timber are shipped on rafts down the Khilok, Chikoi and Uda (tributaries of the Selenga), and manufactured goods are taken up the river for export to China.
udder	A fine brindled cow with a large udder was attached to the cart behind.
uefa	Now Barry Hayles has joined UEFA Cup outfit Millwall the Blades are forced to look for a new frontman.
ufo	There are UFO groups which investigate the UFO phenomenon.
ugliness	He was remarkable for ugliness, and was an object of aversion to his parents.
ugly	I wasn't ugly, but I didn't consider myself beautiful.
ugh	Ugh, how hard it is!
ugandan	In fact, as news of the Ugandan success has spread, the defense of condoms has grown more insistent.
uhlan	Only the man who had the next bed, a stout Uhlan, continued to sit on his bed, gloomily frowning and smoking a pipe, and little one-armed Tushin still listened, shaking his head disapprovingly.
uhf	Use of these types of antennas is typically mobile UHF and SHF (cellphone) applications where gain is desired.
ukulele	In addition to singing, she also plays the piano and ukulele.
ugrian	Indeed they rather suggest a Ugrian origin.
ulcerated	But later the vomited matter is blackened by blood which has escaped into the stomach from the ulcerated growth.
ulceration	If the eyeball be kept perfectly clean and no organism be admitted from the outside then ulceration will not follow.
ukase	In 1821 Russia attempted by ukase to exclude navigators from Bering Sea and the Pacific coast of her possessions, which led to immediate protest from the United States and Great Britain.
ulcerative	Its special uses are in ulceration of the mouth or tongue (ulcerative stomatitis), tonsillitis and pharyngitis.
ukrainian	She is partnered with Maksim Chmerkovskiy, who is a Ukrainian Latin Ballroom champion and has obtained the moniker The Bad Boy of the Ballroom.
ulcer	Chronic gastric ulcer is not unfrequently the starting point of cancer.
ulema	Nevertheless his descendants were left in possession of their ancestor's dominions; and till 1170 Kerman, to which belonged also the opposite coast of Oman, enjoyed a well-ordered government, except for a short interruption caused by the deposition of Iran Shah, who had embraced the tenets of the Ismailites, and was put to death (IIoi) in accordance with a fatwa of the ulema.
uk	Cornwall was one of the first counties in the UK to adopt this action plan approach.
ulmus	The chief trees of the country are the aspen (Populus tremuloides), the ash-leaved maple (Negundo aceroides), oak (Quercus alba), elm (Ulmus Americana), and many varieties of willow.
ulna	The two bones in the forearm are the radius and the ulna.
ulnar	Above this knob is often present an ectepicondylar process whence arise the tendons of the ulnar and radial flexors.
ulterior	Whatever Austrias ulterior views may have been, Bismarck certainly from the first had but one aim before him.
ultima	War seemed to be the ultima ratio regis ' or ultima ratio regis ' or ultimate reason (Hubatsch, 1975, p.113 ).
ultimatum	That's because Josh gave her an ultimatum... him or the goats.
ulster	The brothers retreated to Ulster, and, Robert having left Ireland in May 1317 to protect his own borders, Edward, who had been crowned king of Ireland, was defeated and killed at Dundalk in October 1318.
ultimate	The only ultimate cause is God.
ultramarine	Now, however, the mottled soaps, blue and grey, are produced by working colouring matter, ultramarine for blue, and manganese dioxide for grey, into the soap in the frame, and mottling is very far from being a certificate of excellence of quality.
ultra	Pulling the contents out, she stared at the ultra sound.
ultramontane	He was now generally recognized as the able and effective leader of the Ultramontane party among English Roman Catholics,.
ultramontanism	Ultramontanism, too, labours systematically to bring the whole educational organization under ecclesiastical supervision and guidance; and it manifests the greatest repugnance to allowing the future priest to come into touch with the modern spirit.
ultrasonic	It's an ultrasonic toothbrush with whitening capabilities built directly into the brush head, eliminating the need for a separate step for whitening.
ultimately	He is their father and he is ultimately responsible.
ultrasonography	The site and the extent of coarctation may also be detected using color-flow Doppler ultrasonography (echocardiology).
ultraviolet	Sunscreens for plants protects them from ultraviolet and infrared radiation.
ulva	Porphyra laciniata, the edible laver; Codium tomentosum, a coarse species; Padina pavonia, common in shallow water; Ulva latissima; Haliseris polypodioides; Sargassum bacciferum; the well-known gulf weed, probably transported from the Atlantic; Zostera marina, forming dense beds in muddy bays; the roots are cast up by storms and are valuable to dress the fields.
ultrasound	They should be doing an ultrasound in a couple of weeks.
umbel	The tufted head or umbel is likened by Pliny to a thyrsus.
ulysses	Contemporary with these three men was Ulysses Aldrovandus, a Bolognese, who wrote an Historia Naturalium in sixteen folio volumes, most of which were not printed till after his death in 1605; but those on birds appeared between 1599 and 1603.
um	Um, I guess you know how to call me if you need anything.
umber	A large deposit of umber is worked in the neighbourhood.
umbelliferous	V. sambucifolia, with flowers white and borne in large umbelliferous heads in July, is among the more effective things for grouping in the mixed border, rising nearly 6 feet high and being considerably more than that across.
umbilicus	Monodonta, no jaws, spire not prominent, no umbilicus, columella toothed.
umbilical	In other places the name of the child's god was declared when the umbilical cord was severed.
umbonal	In the Trimerellidae, for example, some of the muscles are attached to a massive or vaulted platform situated in the medio-longitudinal region of the posterior half or umbonal portion of both valves.
umbra	The notions of the penumbra and umbra are important in considering eclipses (q.v.).
umbo	They protected themselves in battle with a large wooden or wicker shield, the centre of which was ornamented with an iron boss (umbo).
umbrella	She held an umbrella and was dressed in a grey suit.
umbrage	He also took umbrage with the data the PCT were using to back their claims for change.
umbrae	If we restrict ourselves to this set of symbols we can uniquely pass from a product of real coefficients to the symbolic representations of such product, but we cannot, uniquely, from the symbols recover the real form, This is clear because we can write n-1 n-2 2 2n-3 3 a1a2 =a l a 2, a 1 a 2 = a 1 a2 while the same product of umbrae arises from n n-3 3 2n-3 3 aoa 3 = a l .a a 2 = a a 2 .
umbones	Solenopsidae.-Shell equivalve, greatly elongated, umbones very far forward.
umbrian	Like Umbrian also, but unlike Latin and Oscan, it has degraded all the diphthongs into simple vowels (Volscian se parallel to Oscan svai; Volscian deue, Old Latin and Oscan deivai or deiuoi).
umlaut	Some of these arise from the umlaut or epenthesis which is so prevalent, and which we have already seen in airya- as compared with the Skt.
umpteen	The new one has umpteen, plus ABS and self tightening seat belts and so on.
umpire	The choice of an umpire was entrusted to the king of Italy.
umpteenth	They made love for the umpteenth time since their wedding.
un	In 1547 appeared Martin's French translation of Vitruvius, the illustrations of which were due, the translator tells us in his Dedication to the King, to Goujon, nagueres architecte de Monseigneur le Connetable, et maintenant un des votres.
unabashed	Tammy could swim almost as well as Lisa, but Sarah couldn't swim at all, confessing unabashed that she was afraid of the water.
unabashedly	He was crying unabashedly.
unabated	During the Crimean War the political reaction continued with unabated force.
unable	She fluffed the pillow and changed position, unable to sleep.
unabridged	The unabridged audiobook of the novel is read by actor Geoffrey Palmer.
unabsorbed	People with severe damage to intestinal tissue may be prescribed intravenous nutritional supplements in order to replace unabsorbed nutrients.
unaccented	The loss extends to the stem-ending of the first element of a compound, thus the personal name Maglo-ci nos became Maelgwn; and generally to unaccented syllables, thus episcopus became *epscop, whence esgob; trinitat-em gives trindod.
unacceptable	But before he had finished he felt that his jest was unacceptable and had not come off.
unacceptably	This ran an unacceptably high risk of people who were not dangerous being compulsorily detained or treated.
unaccompanied	At Sodankyla rain or snowfall was often unaccompanied by change of sign in the potential.
unaccomplished	His great work, the forcing into common law of the principles of civil law, was unaccomplished; but Story says he seemed about to accomplish [it]; for his arguments before the Supreme Court were crowded with the principles of the Roman Law, wrought into the texture of the Common Law with great success.
unaccountable	By some unaccountable accident, the date of the original communication to the Academy of Berlin is wrongly printed.
unaccountably	The wildest scenes had become unaccountably familiar.
unaccustomed	He's unaccustomed to having his authority challenged.
unaccounted	If Fred's calculations were correctâ€”they agreed with Mrs. Worthington's recollectionsâ€”four trunks remained unaccounted for.
unachievable	Everyone should have at least one unachievable dream.
unacknowledged	But the effect of real, though unacknowledged, kindred had none the less an important practical effect.
unaccredited	Pensacola Christian College is an unaccredited, four-year private college located in Pensacola, Florida.
unacquainted	Yet the Newspapers Japanese were not entirely unacquainted with and journalism.
unacted	It differs from the simple ketenes in that it is apparently unacted upon by phenols and alcohols.
unaddressed	These considerations may help towards the understanding of a second class of cases, namely forms of implicit address shading off into unaddressed formulas.
unadorned	His manners were simple, his speech unadorned and almost homely.
unadulterated	Of course, there is always pure, unadulterated water, which is about as raw as it's possible to get.
unadvertised	While online offers are a good start, unadvertised programs may be available.
unadvisable	If, on the other hand, the company is of opinion that the suggestions of the inspecting officer are not likely to prove beneficial, or are for any reason unadvisable, it is at liberty to reject them, the responsibility of doing so resting entirely upon itself.
unaffected	The book is one of the most natural and unaffected compositions ever written.
unaffiliated	She bought her five year old Dutch Warmblood unbacked and is now competing at Novice level unaffiliated dressage.
unafraid	Sofi stepped to him, unafraid, while Darian edged closer.
unaired	The character appeared in the unaired pilot as well.
unaided	There are a Government college, a collegiate school and an unaided Hindu college.
unallotted	The Indians on reservations in 1909 were chiefly those on Colville Reservation (1,297,000 acres unallotted), in the N.E.
unalloyed	When the unalloyed metal was first introduced cannot be ascertained with certainty.
unalterably	Its object was to fix the biblical text unalterably.
unalterable	It is not barbarous merely because the printing is skin-deep and unalterable.
unaltered	So what is it that keeps unaltered in the moving triangle ?
unambiguously	These latter, it may be remarked, are more unambiguously supernatural.
unambiguous	Self-reference is unambiguous and there is no motivation to depart from Gricean norms by including the pronoun yo.
unambitious	Florez led a retired, studious and unambitious life, and died at Madrid on the 10th of August 1773.
unanalysed	Granted that, ideally, scientific knowledge ought to be able to demonstrate all truth, is it safe, or humane, for a being who is imperfectly started in the process of knowledge to fling away with scorn those unanalysed promptings and misgivings Which, be they what they may, Are yet the fountain light of all our day, Are yet a master light of all our seeing.
unanimity	With graceful unanimity all parties combined to show their sense of the national loss.
unanimous	The committee was not unanimous and made no report.
unannealed	Their behaviour in this respect closely resembles the balls of rapidly cooled, unannealed glass which are called Prince Rupert's drops.
unanimously	The four of us unanimously disagreed.
unannounced	Neither mentioned the late night phone call during Edith's nocturnal visit nor Cynthia's sudden, unannounced return.
unanswered	The only response was the echo of an unanswered ring.
unanswerable	Maunder's argument to this effect is unanswerable.'
unapologetic	Lily Pulitzer designer eyewear embodies exuberant summer fun, and unapologetic, bold style.
unanticipated	The child also learns to perform these techniques in new, unanticipated situations.
unappeasable	Besides, his hands were tied by the unappeasable enmity of the emperor and the emperor's allies, and he could never count upon any material help from the West against the East.
unappealing	It looks very unappealing and this seems entirely intentional.
unappreciated	Maybe his mood had more to do with feeling unappreciated.
unappetizing	Because the prey animal is normally an herbivore, the contents of these seemingly unappetizing tidbits include vegetation.
unappeased	But though peace was for a time restored, the old causes of soreness and dissension remained unappeased, and as the time for the next presidential election began to draw near, it became more and more evident that a critical struggle was at hand, and that the people of Buenos Aires, supported by the province of Corrientes, were determined to bring to an issue the question as to what position Buenos Aires was to hold for the future with regard to the remaining provinces of the confederation.
unapproachable	If you have your arms crossed, you will appear unapproachable.
unapproved	Truancy is unapproved absence from school, usually without a parent's knowledge.
unappropriated	After a long conflict over the slavery question, the state was admitted into the Union under a joint resolution of Congress adopted on the 1st of March 1845, 1 on condition that the United States should settle all questions of boundary with foreign governments, that Texas should retain all of its vacant and unappropriated public lands, and that new states, not exceeding four in number, might be formed within its limits.
unarmoured	Taking all into account, the available strength of the fleet might be put at 7 armour-clad ships, of which the Messudiyeh was one, the six others varying in displacement from 2400 to 6400 tons; two cruisers (unarmoured) of 3800 tons displacement; some 18 gunboats; 12 destroyers, 16 first-class torpedo boats and 6 second-class torpedo boats.
unascertained	Unascertained.
unarmed	He was irritated but not wary, unarmed and relaxed.
unashamedly	The Temple Bar pub, while unashamedly promoting tourist kitsch, has the best beer garden in the city and excellent irish musicians.
unasked	She answered his unasked question.
unassailable	The overthrow of the Huguenots in 1629 made Richelieu's position seemingly unassailable, but the next year it received its severest test.
unashamed	As a singer unashamed of her Christian faith, Plumb also reveals that In My Arms expresses love from another perspective - the love God shared through his son Jesus.
unassigned	Special forms of MEROPS ID are used for unassigned peptidases, non-peptidase homologues and unsequenced peptidases.
unassisted	The responsibilities and anxieties of government unassisted by parliament, and the continued struggle against the force of anarchy, weighed upon him and exhausted his physical powers.
unassociated	In addition, some people may have nightmares that seem unassociated to their usual lives.
unassuming	His wide influence was due to his high character and unassuming earnestness.
unattached	He behaves like a witness, completely unattached to the world.
unattainable	He stood there, so handsome and so unattainable, playing with her heart.
unattended	While the Deans didn't like to leave Bird Song unattended, occasionally it was unavoidable.
unattested	By way of facts, we have only a large body of unattested anecdotes of supra-normal successes in crystal-gazing, in many lands and ages; and the scanty records of modern amateur investigators, like the present writer.
unauthentic	But the serious divergences which they show (except as to later times and in general outlines) make their unauthentic character plain.
unattractive	When had he changed from the unattractive older man she met in the diner to the good looking young man who now lay beside her?
unauthorized	It also prevented unauthorized entry, but the other sounded better.
unavailable	They said he was unavailable for comment, so I suppose he's a private person.
unavailingly	While in England the generals sought, unavailingly, a modification of the terms of peace concluded at Pretoria.
unavailability	In 1975, the pioneering jurist Lord Denning had no truck with the alleged unavailability of negative declarations.
unavenged	The unavenged blood was the cause of divine anger, and retribution must be made.
unavailing	Their opposition proved unavailing.
unavoidable	He takes the frost that winter inflicts and the fever that summer brings as unavoidable visitors.
unavowed	He regarded himself as a minister, though an unavowed one, and believed himself worthy of his hire.
unavoidably	Martha was unavoidably reassigned hours which included weekends.
unawares	They have almost all died unawares, sitting in the sanctuary they had guarded and which is now no more.
unawareness	Hypo unawareness For some people the warning signs that usually accompany hypo unawareness For some people the warning signs that usually accompany hypoglycaemia may be lost.
unbacked	Investor Doug Casey calls the dollar the unbacked liability of a bankrupt government.
unaware	I was unaware you wished to see me.
unbalance	The rules definitely DID NOT unbalance the game in our opinion.
unbalanced	Once the ocean is polluted, important marine life gets destroyed and precious ecosystems become unbalanced.
unbaked	Half a day's journey beyond, at a point where two great wadis enter the Euphrates, on the Syrian side, stands Jabriya, an unidentified ruined town of Babylonian type, with walls of unbaked brick, instead of the stone heretofore encountered.
unbaptized	The office of doorkeeper explains itself, though it must be remembered that it was the special duty of the Christian ostiarius to exclude the unbaptized and persons undergoing penance from the more solemn part of the Eucharistic service.
unbearable	Facing him again was an unbearable thought.
unbearably	The house has been unbearably lonely without you.
unbeatable	But it is off-road that the Discovery remains unbeatable.
unbeaten	They take you off the asphalt and onto the unbeaten path.
unbecoming	The serfs were bought, sold, and given in presents, sometimes with the land, sometimes without it, sometimes in families and sometimes individually, sale by public auction being alone forbidden, as unbecoming in a European state.
unbeknownst	As children, we are told to wish on a shooting star though unbeknownst to us the star was just a bit of space debris.
unbelievable	An unbelievable amount of blood was pumping from a tiny cut on her hand.
unbelief	By making religion hard it made it odious, and thus prepared the way for unbelief.
unbeliever	On the other hand, in spite of his worldliness, Leo was not an unbeliever; he prayed, fasted, and participated in the services of the church with conscientiousness.
unbelievably	What he proposed was unbelievably generous.
unbelieving	Even an unbelieving husband or wife is sanctified by a believing partner.
unbending	Is the class structure rigid and unbending?
unbent	Another was the fashion for the king to hold wassail with his courtiers, in which he unbent to an extent scandalous to the Greeks, dancing or indulging in routs and practical jokes.'
unbiased	Maybe that was what she needed to do – tell the entire story to an unbiased audience.
unbidden	She shook her head to remove the unbidden thoughts.
unbiassed	His temper was naturally that of a trimmer; and he had thus many qualifications for the writing of well-informed and unbiassed history.
unbind	Of course, Prolog remembers to unbind any variables exactly at the places in the tree where they were bound.
unblemished	He was quick-tempered, but of kindly disposition, intelligent and patriotic, and he left a reputation of unblemished honesty and uprightness.
unbleached	Grey cloth is a comprehensive term that includes unbleached cotton cloth generally.
unblinking	The small man with white irises drew near her, his eerie, unblinking gaze making her uncomfortable.
unblock	If there's no risk of repercussions and you just need to unblock the site, there are proxies that can help.
unblushing	This position he was not long to hold; and the fierce exultation of Mary at the news of his murder gave to those who believed in her complicity with the murderer, on whom a pension was bestowed by her unblushing gratitude, fresh reason to fear, if her liberty of correspondence and intrigue were not restrained, the likelihood of a similar fate for Elizabeth.
unborn	And she took an unborn child with her.
unbound	They preferred an unwritten law, as Prutz suggests, partly because it suited the barristers (who often belonged to the baronage, for the Frankish nobles were great pleaders in court and out of court), and partly because the high court was left unbound so long as there was no written code.
unbreakable	The mating bond of the Immortals and deities and the blood bond of the demons were the two oldest bonds, unbreakable under the Immortal Code and from the laws older than the Code.
unbounded	His power of work was unbounded, and he had an absolute love of reading, annotating and drafting despatches.
unbox	Amazon Unbox has a vast selection of films to rent and buy.
unbranded	Some of these small settlers owned no cattle, and subsisted by stealing calves and unbranded cattle (mavericks) belonging to the range cattlemen.
unbranched	The fructification appears in March and April, terminating in short unbranched stems. It is said to produce diarrhoea in such cattle as eat it.
unbridged	The larger rivers are unbridged, but there are numerous government ferries.
unbridled	A dog should have an unbridled passion for food.
unbroken	The unbroken circle represents eternity and unity.
unbuilt	Still, however, the north of London remained, unbuilt upon.
unburnt	There was a cemetery adjacent to the village in which both unburnt and cremated interments occurred, the former predominating.
unburied	Thousands of unburied corpses filled the streets, and in all 40,000 to 60,000 persons were carried off.
unburned	This consists of a huge tower of unburned brick resting on a small hill of debris, the whole rising to a height of loo ft.
unbuttoned	She frowned as she unbuttoned her blouse.
unbusinesslike	Intellectually, too, they were somewhat sluggish, careless and unbusinesslike.
unbutton	Jackets are easy to unbutton during a warm outdoor ceremony, remove during the reception, and put back on as the evening cools.
unbuttoning	Jackson grinned wickedly while unbuttoning her blouse.
uncalled	That was uncalled for.
uncannily	The Virgo male is often an uncannily cautious individual.
uncanny	She has an uncanny way of sticking to pertinent details.
uncaring	It is an uncaring adult who fails to respond appropriately and society should be wary of making children untouchable.
uncarpeted	A good indication that it is time to trim your dog's nails is when you hear them tapping on uncarpeted areas, such as wood floors or concrete.
uncaused	Though perfectly free from any trace of envy or ill-will, he yet showed on fit occasion his contempt for that pseudo-science which seeks for the applause of the ignorant by professing to reduce the whole system of the universe to a fortuitous sequence of uncaused events.
unceasing	Cromwell's personal character has been inevitably the subject of unceasing controversy.
uncemented	On a terrace in the upper part of the village is the temple of Raghunath, built of huge uncemented stones, pyramidical in form and capped by a white cupola.
unceasingly	From this time on he worked unceasingly for an independent political party for the workers.
unceremoniously	Xander reached around her unceremoniously and snatched it.
uncensored	You can view the uncensored music video on YouTube.
uncertainty	Jonny looked up, uncertainty crossing his face.
unceremonious	It was written from the point of view of a Quaker who did not believe in revealed religion, but who held that all religions are in their nature mild and benign when not associated with political systems. Intermixed with the coarse unceremonious ridicule of what he considered superstition and bad faith are many passages of earnest and even lofty eloquence in favour of a pure morality founded on natural religion.
uncertainly	She looked to her brother uncertainly.
uncertified	Baseball card appraisal services range from professional appraisals to informal appraisals from an uncertified sports card dealer.
uncertain	He was silent, uncertain how to answer.
unchallenged	The compromise of Aquinas, though not unchallenged, holds the field and that even with Protestants.
unchangeable	Wollaston's Religion of Nature, which falls between Clarke's Discourse of the Unchangeable Obligations of Natural Religion and Butler's Sermons, was one of the popular philosophical books of its day.
unchanging	He had unchanging faith in selfgovernment.
uncharacteristic	She looked up at the uncharacteristic demand.
uncharitable	Very smart of you to notice it, but rather uncharitable to suggest that it was cause and effect.
uncharged	There is an uncharged period between 1am and 6am Cambridge time.
unchartered	In her latest works she went back to her earlier themes of romantic and unchartered love, but the scene is shifted from Berri, which she felt she had exhausted, to other provinces of France, and instead of passionate manifestos we have a gallery of genre pictures treated in the spirit of Francois le champi.
unchanged	Sulphur in some part escapes unchanged in the faeces.
uncharted	Ahead of him lay four weeks of uncharted business.
unchastity	They are malicious gossip, greed of money, giving security, nocturnal robbery, murder, unchastity.
unchaste	He converses with a woman, with a woman moreover who is a Samaritan, and who is of unchaste life.
unchecked	A single tear slid unchecked down his cheek, but his expression remained stoic.
unchristian	Their first and most notable victim was Philip, the saintly metropolitan of Moscow, who was strangled for condemning the oprichina as an unchristian institution, and refusing to bless the tsar (1569).
uncial	The first method distinguishes between uncial or majuscule, and cursive or minuscule; the second between papyrus, vellum or parchment, and paper (for further details see Manuscript and Palaeography); and the third distinguishes mainly between Gospels, Acts and Epistles (with or without the Apocalypse), New Testaments (the word in this connexion being somewhat broadly interpreted), lectionaries and commentaries.
unchurched	A new eye level resource, aimed at reaching unchurched children.
uncinate	In these forms the bundles of setae are either capilliform or uncinate, and the dorsal setae of the thorax are like the ventral setae of the abdomen.
uncivil	I mean to shew her that I only laugh at her uncivil behavior.
uncircumcised	The communion meal would, according to the views of Robertson Smith, also involve the idea of a covenant; while the fact that no person joining in the meal should be uncircumcised connects the feast with the covenant of Abraham.
uncivilized	Rhyn was about as uncivilized as Gio was civilized.
unclaimed	The IRS checks its records and the Social Security number of any claimants of the unclaimed funds prior to paying.
uncle	What does your uncle do on the planet?
unclasp	She reached up to unclasp her now-blonde hair, dropping it in a cascade about her shoulders.
unclassed	They are, through poverty of material, unclassed languages, merely outstanding phenomena.
uncleanness	We are here moving in a realm of ideas prevailing in ancient Israel respecting holiness, uncleanness and sin, which are ceremonial and not ethical; see especially Robertson Smith's Religion of the Semites, 2nd ed., p. 446 foll.
unclean	It usually involves a man or woman visiting a place that is particularly unclean.
unclassified	An unclassified version of the analysis was released Friday.
unclerical	The bishop's second failure to obtain this dignity was due, doubtless, to his irregular and unclerical manner of life, a fact which also accounts, in part at least, for the hostility which existed between his victorious rival, Archbishop Peckham, and himself.
unclear	His purpose for bringing her here was unclear.
unclothed	It creates a secure feeling, and an interesting visual effect when you are unclothed.
unclog	One of the crewmembers entered the manhole to unclog the hose.
unclouded	Only in familiar letters, prolegomena, and prefaces do we find the man Ficino, and learn to know his thoughts and sentiments unclouded by a mist of citations; these minor compositions have therefore a certain permanent value, and will continually be studied for the light they throw upon the learned circle gathered round Lorenzo in the golden age of humanism.
unclosed	Gone was my definition list replaced by a table with unclosed paragraph tags !
uncluttered	In order to keep the uncluttered lines and simplicity of this style, regular cleanings and scrupulously avoiding clutter is essential.
uncoil	As the wheel revolves these uncoil and the prayer is considered to be offered.
uncolored	An uncolored bowl, to let the color of the wine to be seen.
uncoloured	However, to have conceived the idea of executing a work on so grand a scale as this - it forms three folio volumes, and contains one hundred and eighty-five coloured and one hundred and forty-eight uncoloured plates, with references to upwards of two thousand four hundred generic names - was in itself a mark of genius, and it was brought to a successful conclusion in 1849.
uncomfortable	It was uncomfortable, but safe.
uncombined	It is a regular constituent of the atmosphere, and is found in many spring waters and in volcanic gases; it also occurs in the uncombined condition at the Grotto del Cane (Naples) and in the Poison Valley (Java).
uncomfortably	He shifted uncomfortably in his chair.
uncommitted	The uncommitted balance of the Fund at 30 April 1999 was £ 1.8m.
uncommercial	They have a pleasantly uncommercial feel to them but are a little too close the road.
uncommonly	You're an uncommonly beautiful woman, do you know that?
uncompensated	Taxes are uncompensated payments; they may be described as of the nature of robbery.
uncomplicated	In uncomplicated cases, the survival rate is close to 100 percent.
uncompleted	The idea of writing memoirs was dismissed in favour of the more elaborate form, and in November 1855 the first two volumes of his uncompleted History of Philip II.
uncomplimentary	Thus in connexion with the subject a genus of workers became possible who may be styled ur-computers or circle-squarers - a name which, if it connotes anything uncomplimentary, does so because of the almost entirely fruitless character of their labours.
uncommon	It was not an uncommon reaction.
unconcerned	You do that, and have an unconcerned night.
uncompromisingly	Hamilton stigmatized his great opponent as a political fanatic; but actualist as he claimed to be, 9 Hamilton could not see, or would not concede, the predominating forces in American life, and would uncompromisingly have minimized the two great political conquests of the colonial period - local selfgovernment and democracy.
unconcealed	He looks upon the enemies of the Christian Church with unconcealed hatred.
uncompromising	Everywhere the proposal met with uncompromising resistance.
unconcern	One can imagine them going to the scaffold with the same unconcern.
unconcernedly	She could not see people unconcernedly, but had to send them on some errand.
unconditional	Although unarmed, the people rallied to him as one man, and Lanza became so alarmed that he asked for an unconditional extension of the armistice, which Garibaldi granted.
uncondensed	The very small and irregular rainfall in Sind and along the Indus is to be accounted for by the want of any obstacle in the path of the vapour-bearing winds, which, therefore, carry the uncondensed rain up to the Punjab, where it falls on the outer ranges of the western Himalaya and of Afghanistan.
unconditioned	Our unconditioned is either a pure abstraction, or else the impossible notion of a completed system of conditions.
unconfined	Animals are unconfined and are able to roam throughout their pastures or areas provided for them.
unconditionally	The constant practice has been to reordain unconditionally Anglican priests and deacons.
unconfirmed	This speculation is unconfirmed, however.
unconformably	The prairies are, in brief, a contribution of the glacial period; they consist for the most part of glacial drift, deposited unconformably on an underlying rock surface of moderate or small relief.
unconformable	Some of its fossils also occur in the Oamaru series, but the two series are unconformable.
unconformity	A great unconformity separates the Table Mountain and Ecca series.
uncongenial	A grown-up daughter might wish to become a votary, perhaps in preference to an uncongenial marriage, and it seems that her father could not refuse her wish.
unconquerable	Baxter was possessed by an unconquerable belief in the power of persuasive argument.
unconquered	While the conquest was going on, the towns that remained unconquered gained in point of local freedom.
unconnected	North-east of Abai are several smaller lakes unconnected with the more southerly system.
unconscionable	If it was up to them, the kids would be in a foster home, a fate Jessi found unconscionable.
unconsciously	She straightened shoulders that had unconsciously slumped.
unconscious	He was unconscious and lay like a distorted corpse.
unconsecrated	A burial ground, properly so called, has to be divided into consecrated and unconsecrated portions, and the former really takes the place of the parish churchyard; and the incumbent of the parish church, the clerk, and the sexton continue to receive the same fees upon burials in the consecrated portion as they would have done in the parish churchyard.
unconsidered	Evans, coming on the scene in 1893, travelled in succeeding years about the island picking up trifles of unconsidered evidence, which gradually convinced him that greater things would eventually be found.
unconsciousness	Unconsciousness took her away again.
unconsolidated	They consist, in most parts of the country, of unconsolidated sediments, consisting of gravel, sand, clay, &c., together with large quantities of tuff, volcanic agglomerate, &c. Some of the sedimentary formations are of marine, some of brackish water, and some of terrestrial origin.
unconstitutionally	His attitude toward the war and especially his vote for George Ashmun's amendment to the supply bill at this session, declaring that the Mexican War was unnecessarily and unconstitutionally commenced by the President, greatly displeased his constituents.
unconsumed	According to a later tradition, not known to Homer, the Moerae appeared to Althaea when Meleager was seven days old, and announced that the child would only live as long as the log blazing on the hearth remained unconsumed.
unconstitutional	But his methods of filling his purse were often unconstitutional and sometimes ignominious.
unconstrained	And all this without bargain or condition, and unconstrained by any motive save His own infinite compassion.
uncontaminated	River water, especially that which has received town sewage, or the drainage of highly manured land, would naturally be considered most suitable for irrigation, but excellent results are obtained also with waters which are uncontaminated with manurial matters, and which contain but 8 or io grains per gallon of the usual dissolved constituents of spring water.
uncontested	Income from currently occupied and uncontested hexes containing rubium mines is then collected.
uncontrollable	His gaze returned to the empty mug of cider and his uncontrollable urge to sleep.
uncontrollably	Matthew was laughing uncontrollably over the antics of the puppy.
uncontrolled	What was it about the uncontrolled emotions lately?
unconventional	I've asked someone to call you and provide you instructions on how to get here using a few unconventional routes.
uncooked	By the time Lana caught up, he'd had been lured into one of the buildings by a little girl with a handful of uncooked rice.
unconverted	His chief literary work was An Alarm to the Unconverted (1672), otherwise known as The Sure Guide to Heaven, which had an enormous circulation.
unconvincing	Moawiya seems to have done his best to gain that approbation, but the details given by the historians are altogether unconvincing.
unconvinced	She said nothing, unconvinced she'd live to the end of the day.
uncooperative	They sometimes please others if it suits them but may also be uncooperative.
uncork	It's best to determine if it's okay to uncork the Chardonnay before committing a misdemeanor.
uncorrected	Lives and works in East Finchley, London I do line drawings spontaneously and uncorrected with a black wax crayon in a sketchbook.
uncorrupted	But in that case we must either reject the testimony of the same Hegesippus that up to their death, and that of Symeon son of Clopas, successor in the Jerusalem see of James the Lord's brother, who suffered martyrdom at the age of one hundred and twenty years while Trajan was emperor and Atticus governor, the church (universal) had remained a pure and uncorrupted virgin free from the folly of heretical teachers ; or else we must reject the superscription, which presents the grandfather in vehement conflict with the very heresies in question.
uncounted	Not a penny goes uncounted for, and not a thank you remains unsaid to all those girls who have done so much.
uncountable	From the little flea-like species, scarcely a tenth of an inch long, up to the great and rare but cosmopolitan Eurythenes gryllus, Lichtenstein, and the still larger Alicella gigantea, Chevreux, nearly half a foot long, captured by the prince of Monaco from a depth of 2936 fathoms, not one of these ubiquitous, uncountable hordes has ever been accused of assailing man.
uncouple	Part of my job is to constantly uncouple these assumptions.
uncover	Satellite photos can uncover those who would transgress the rules.
uncouth	He disliked the uncouth style of the Scriptures.
uncovering	The complete uncovering of the site was planned in 1910.
uncovered	At least three segments of the trunk are left uncovered by the carapace.
uncredited	The part was small and uncredited and was cast by director Stuart Margolin, a friend of Drew's mother Jaid.A few years later in 1980, Drew was cast in the Oscar nominated film Altered States alongside William Hurt.
uncritically	It's impossible to watch them again as uncritically as we did then.
uncreated	In the Hesychast controversy he took the side of the monks of Athos, but refused to agree to the theory of the uncreated light.
uncritical	When the partisans of Richemont or Naundorff come to the post-Temple careers of their heroes, they become in most cases so uncritical as to be unconvincing.
uncrossed	Carmen uncrossed her legs and stood.
uncrowned	The badge of the military order is a blue cross with gold uncrowned eagles in the angles; on the topmost arm is the initial F., with a crown; on the other arms the inscription Pour le Merite.
unctuous	Micaceous iron ore consists of delicate steel-grey scales of specular haematite, unctuous to the touch, used as a lubricant and also as a pigment.
uncultured	Whitefield's visits raised a band of pioneer preachers, cultured and uncultured, men who knew their Bibles but often interpreted them awry.
unction	It is hardly likely that the Thonraki of the 10th century would have rejected water-baptism and yet have retained unction with holy oil; this Gregory Magistros attests they did, but he is an unreliable witness.
uncultivated	In the northern parts of the empire very little land is left uncultivated.
uncustomary	Fred snarled his response with an uncustomary growl.
undamped	Allusion is made below to recent work on the production of undamped trains of electric waves.
undamaged	This was damaged by fire in 1731; the other is undamaged.
undated	The note was undated and if there was a return address or an envelope, it was lost over the years.
undaunted	Undaunted, he opened the conversation.
uncut	I have no idea where one might sell uncut diamonds.
undeceived	The effect of the publication of the bull, however, soon undeceived him.
undecided	He was considering going to school but undecided about course study.
undeciphered	Between Cynthia's and Donnie's efforts, only a few pages of the journal remained undeciphered.
undeclared	That's why they allow students in college to have undeclared majors.
undefended	On the side of Belgium the danger of irruption through neutral territory, which has for many years been foreseen, is provided against by the fortresses of Lille, Valenciennes and Maubeuge, but (with a view to tempting the Germans to attack through Luxemburg, as is stated by German authorities) the frontier between Maubeuge and Verdun is left practically undefended.
undecorated	Antivari contains the residence of its Roman Catholic archbishop, and, in the centre of the shore, Topolitsa, the square undecorated palace of the crown prince.
undefeated	He died in 1002 undefeated, hut racked by anxiety for the permanence of the prosperity of his house.
undefinable	An undefinable something about the room seemed to suggest masculine habitation.
undefined	Its area is somewhat undefined, but it may be estimated to measure 36 m.
undemanding	Director Kevin Bray has clearly aimed the movie at The Rock 's core market of undemanding male teens.
undemocratic	Their ' offers ' of all-British unity, within their very undemocratic centralized organizations, only promote greater disunity.
undeniably	Similarly the substance we call wine is undeniably variable in composition.
undeniable	Whatever the case, it was an undeniable fact now.
undenominational	No religious tests are imposed on teachers and religious teaching is confined to undenominational Bible teaching.
under	Then the horse bunched up under him.
underactive	Confused over thyroid test results Dealing with hair loss caused by thyroid medication Do I have an underactive thyroid?
underachieve	Many actually underachieve as their potential is masked by factors such as frustration, low self-esteem or lack of challenge.
underappreciated	Many also experience stress when they feel underappreciated or misunderstood.
underarm	Oddly, Australians are the only ones allowed to throw the ball underarm.
underbelly	Blake reveals the dark underbelly where danger and murder lurk in the shadows.
underbody	I like to use a black hackle ribbed down the body for extra mobility with a lead underbody or a Gold bead head.
underbrush	Even in the dense underbrush, it had found another rock.
undercarriage	For example, a previous project involved a student examining the design of an aircraft undercarriage.
underclass	Those without secure incomes appear to be forming a permanent underclass, with very few prospects of improving their life opportunities.
underclothes	Underclothes have always been used to help shape the body and the outfit.
underclothing	There are large woollen factories at Cuzco and Lima, the Santa Catalina factory at the latter place turning out cloth and cashmere for the army, blankets, counterpanes and underclothing.
undercoat	It is seen in many shots in both gray and green undercoat paint.
undercover	Doing undercover work like this, you can't be too careful.
undercroft	This year we excavated a second undercroft, immediately to the north of the first one.
undercut	On November 19, 2006, Nintendo released the Wii for $249, which undercut the PS3 and the Xbox 360 dramatically.
undercurrent	It was a subtle shift, an undercurrent of cool energy that brushed by him, like when Sofi used her voodoo fortune-telling powers around him.
underdeveloped	But current plans alone will put a firecracker under the most underdeveloped sector - distribution.
underdevelopment	Biliary atresia-the underdevelopment, inflammation, or obstruction of the bile ducts that carry bile from the liver to the gall bladder and small intestine-causes bile to build up in the liver and forces the bilirubin into the blood.
underdog	With the underdog team refusing to let ill-fortune dampen enthusiasm, things improved in the fourth match against Eastwood Park.
underdone	If fish is extremely fresh there is none that I can think of that does n't benefit from being just slightly underdone.
underdressed	You could wear a feed sack at a formal dinner and not look underdressed.
underestimate	Do not underestimate our abilities.
underexposed	Conversely, if the film is slightly underexposed, the bones will look normally dense.
underfed	The Russian army is full of underfed teenage conscripts.
underflow	The water is almost wholly taken from the rivers, but underflow is also utilized, especially in San Luis Park.
underfloor	If you are scared of getting chilblains in the marble-floored bathroom, you can switch on the underfloor heating.
underfoot	Did he have to be underfoot all the time?
undergarment	It's a smoothing, slimming undergarment that gives you a nicely realistic round bottom.
undergraduate	When the Berlin Wall fell in 1989, I was an undergraduate at Rice University.
underground	Take her underground, if you must.
undergrad	I 'm doing a PhD in geophysics after 3 years undergrad maths and 1 year 's masters (in geophysical applied maths).
underglaze	At first, decoration was commonly executed in underglaze painting using blue cobalt.
underhand	I felt it was a very underhand way of getting into my home.
underhanded	I'm surprised at Stephen agreeing to anything so underhanded.
undergo	Its tendency to undergo cyclical changes.
undergrowth	The undergrowth itself rises fully 15 ft.
underinsured	Toward the monthly underinsured says Sean of specialized coverage remitting the proper.
undergone	The palace has undergone alterations and additions, e.g.
underlain	The whole region is underlain by nearly horizontal and undisturbed rocks of the Palaeozoic from the Devonian downward.
underlaid	Cutch and Kathiawar they are underlaid by Jurassic and Neocomian beds.
underlay	The fundamental conception that underlay all Berthelot's chemical work was that all chemical phenomena depend on the action of physical forces which can be determined and measured.
underlie	In the river-beds, however, and at some distance from the sea, older strata and eruptive rocks underlie the alluvium.
underline	Make a choice list and underline your top choices.
underling	Recognizing a promotional opportunity, the NASA official accompanying the astronauts agreed and told an underling to get a tape recorder.
underlying	The fossils are few, and in some cases probably derived from the underlying formations.
undermine	Find a way to undermine the opponent.
undernourished	We may not feel deprived, but we are undernourished.
underpants	Where many management books are drier than a diver's underpants this has a freshness and zing about it.
underpaid	The state fund has not been supplemented locally for the payment of teachers, who have consequently been underpaid.
underpin	By helping key workers, we will underpin the pursuit of excellence in our public services.
underneath	She scrambled from underneath the wagon and hastily threw her blankets under the seat.
underpinning	The first 4 modules provide students with the underpinning knowledge required to successfully complete the enterprise module.
underpass	The path uses an underpass to get past the ring road.
underpay	But should you deliberately underpay, the tax people can prosecute.
underplay	The CV should not underplay your achievements and skills or they may go unnoticed.
underprivileged	He showed passionate devotion to the underprivileged.
underrate	It is easy to underrate the schoolmen.
underscore	Each module uses today's hottest marketing and financial analytics to underscore the importance of making quality management decisions.
underrepresented	Nevertheless, they are still seriously underrepresented overall and even more so when we look at the higher rungs of the career ladder.
underrun	However, sometimes you may need to burn at a lower speed in order to avoid a buffer underrun error.
undersea	Scenes include outer space, an undersea adventure, rock stars, and even a pony with butterflies and hearts.
undersecretary	He is assisted by a permanent and a parliamentary undersecretary and a considerable clerical staff.
undersell	Do n't undersell yourself, realize your worth & be proud of what you have achieved.
undershirt	He pulled the undershirt over his head before answering.
undershot	Another Spitfire from the same squadron and base as above undershot the runway and hit the perimeter fence, landing after night flying practice.
undersigned	We, the undersigned, petition to change the laws to benefit fathers ' rights to have access to their children.
underskirt	On other sealings we find a single overskirt with a pleated underskirt.
underside	The underside of the stiffening girder is 82 ft.
undersized	Since these infants are underweight and undersized at birth, these charts make allowances for the amount of catch-up growth that may be involved.
underslung	This Company incorporated certain design modifications of their own, including an underslung crankshaft.
understand	And the whole thing has been unnatural because that cat and I are both able to talk your language, and to understand the words you say.
understaffed	There is a level below which nursing homes are so understaffed that quality care can not be provided.
understandably	They were nevertheless understandably reticent to meet new people.
understanding	He is well educated, understanding and intelligent.
understatement	That was the understatement of the year.
understandable	We have understandable emotional responses to all these situations.
understate	In this particular they very largely understate the number of Hebrews, whose communicants (0.3%) are heads of families only, and largely of the Protestants; whereas they represent practically the total Roman Catholic population above 9 years of age.
understrength	This scenario represents a platoon assault on a defended german position manned by an understrength German platoon.
understood	The girl understood and began to clear them.
understudy	I saw only one understudy on this evening and the cast were brilliant.
undertaker	The First thing to do on the Death of a person is to contact an undertaker.
undersurface	The full-size has Frise ailerons, where the visible chord on the undersurface is significantly greater than on the top surface.
underthings	I'm wearing her underthings, too.
undertaking	One would sit without moving, undertaking nothing....
undertake	You can undertake each assignment at your own speed.
undertaken	The return journey must be undertaken soon, despite the heat and danger lurking in the forest.
undertow	It is there when I enter a classroom and feel the undertow into which I have jumped.
undertone	His regard was casual on the surface, but something in his eyes suggested an undertone of tension.
underwater	There is a diversity of underwater habitats present there.
underused	Nutmeg powder (organic) nutmeg powder (organic) Nutmeg is an underused spice with a distinctive pungent fragrance and.. .
undervalue	A dealer may undervalue your used motorcycle.
underweight	There are so many overweight dogs that a fit, lean dog looks underweight.
underwing	In the sunlight you could make out the rufous body and underwing coverts.
underway	The position becomes more complex where an investigation is underway.
undertook	About the same time the curia undertook financial duties, and in.
underwrite	The insurance cover secured by BioProgress will also underwrite other elements of the costs, damages are yet to be assessed.
underwood	In the densest forests the trees, struggling through the tangle of underwood to the light, are often 150 ft.
underwritten	All members pay into a bond which is underwritten by a major insurance company.
underwent	As we have found it necessary to distinguish between the original composition by Mark, to whom in the main the work appears to be due, and some enlargement and alteration which it subsequently underwent whereby it reached its present form, these stages must be borne in mind in considering dates that may be assigned in connexion with this Gospel.
underwriter	And yet in an ordinary policy of insurance there is no express provision requiring the underwriter to indemnify the assured against this liability.
underwriting	In traditional underwriting, a person must look at all of your information to assess risk.
underwear	She was down to her underwear and a T-shirt.
undeservedly	Assuming that she did go down to see him, Princess Mary imagined the words he would say to her and what she would say to him, and these words sometimes seemed undeservedly cold and then to mean too much.
undeserved	God has given me a second undeserved chance at happiness!
undeserving	He's been faithful to countless undeserving sinners before you.
undesigned	His chief book was Undesigned Coincidences in the Writings both of the Old and New Testaments (1833; fuller edition, 1847).
underworld	You can't rule the underworld if you have a soul.
undesirable	Education produced many unforeseen and undesirable practical results.
undesired	Using strong colors can sometimes cause undesired reflections.
undeterred	But the society pursued its objects, undeterred by sarcasm.
undetermined	The extent of the submergence and the area over which the Palaeozoic strata were deposited are unknown; for in consequence of renewed elevation without deformation, erosion in later periods has stripped off an undetermined amount of the covering strata.
undeveloped	From the Khingan ranges to the Pacific, south of the Amur, stretch the rich districts of Manchuria, a province which connects Russia with the Korea by a series of valleys formed by the Sungari and its affluents - a land of hill and plain, forest and swamp, possessing a delightful climate, and vast undeveloped agricultural resources.
undetected	On the 11th of January 1805 Admiral Missiessy left Rochefort with 5 sail of the line, undetected by the British forces on the coast.
undid	The whiff of Katie.s blood nearly undid him.
undiagnosed	Factors contributing to this poor outlook include the presence of locally advanced disease and undiagnosed metastases at presentation.
undifferentiated	A, Cell (individual) of the unicellular Green Alga Pleurococcus, as an example of an undifferentiated autonomous assimilating cell.
undies	The dress is pretty but I can't imagine having to wear these undies!
undignified	At the same time he scandalized the world by his riotous living and undignified familiarities.
undigested	Vomiting, or emesis, is the expelling from the stomach of undigested food through the mouth.
undimmed	He has to resist the temptations of the body, keeping it under strict control, and with the eye of the soul undimmed by corporeal wants and impulses, contemplate God the supreme good, and live a life according to reason.
undiminished	His popularity continued undiminished for more than twenty years, until 1779.
undiluted	Sutherland contains freshwaters with examples of these unique strains as does the Borders where some streams also hold comparatively undiluted strains.
undisciplined	Monmouth soon collected an undisciplined body of some 1500 men, with whom he seized Axminster, and entered Taunton.
undischarged	Iwanzov [27] has brought forward strong grounds for the latter view, pointing out that the cnidoblast has no contractile mechanism and that measurements show discharged capsules to be on the average slightly larger than undischarged ones.
undirected	For an undirected graph, the number of edges incident to a vertex is its degree.
undisclosed	An undisclosed ransom demand was made.
undiscovered	That would be reason enough why the bones went undiscovered for four decades.
undisguised	The religion is an undisguised animism, and all their frequent and elaborate ceremonies and festivals are aimed at exorcising and scaring spirits.
undismayed	In the hour of danger he was undismayed, as in the hour of victory he was just and merciful.
undisputed	By right of conquest Chaka became undisputed master of the country.
undissolved	The undissolved residue produced in either process consists chiefly of kieserite and common salt.
undistinguishable	Now, Kant and his followers start from this second and narrower meaning, and usually narrow it still more by assuming that what appears to the senses is as mental as the sensation, being undistinguishable from it or from the idea of it, and that an appearance is a mental idea(Vorstellung) of sense; and then they conclude that we can know by inference nothing but such mental appearances, actual and possible, and therefore nothing beyond sensory experience.
undistorted	Valerius Martialis or Martial (c. 41-104) that we have a true image of the average sensual frivolous life of Rome at the end of the 1st century, seen through a medium of wit and humour, but undistorted by the exaggeration which moral indignation and the love of effect add to the representation of Juvenal.
undistinguished	In his twentieth year he matriculated at the university of Seville, but his career as a student was undistinguished.
undistributed	The only difference between these and the previous examples (2) and (3) is that, while those break the rule against two negative premises, these break that against undistributed middle.
undisturbed	The flakes drifted directly down, undisturbed in their descent by any hint of a breeze in the still night air.
undo	It was too late to undo what he had done.
undivided	Its adoption was due to the king himself, who was anxious to give expression to the fact that he was sovereign of the undivided island, and not only of England or Scotland.
undocumented	Version 7.x has been completely rewritten from scratch to take advantage of many undocumented Windows API functions.
undogmatic	It is in practical affairs that the eclectic or undogmatic spirit is most valuable, and also least dangerous.
undoing	Victory would revive the power of the crown; defeat would be the undoing of the Revolution.
undoubtedly	This was an area where he undoubtedly knew best.
undone	His good work, however, was largely undone by his son Maximilian II.
undoubted	Yet, if there is not a mass of scientific evidence, there are a number of witnesses - among them distinguished men of science and others of undoubted intelligence --who have convinced themselves by observation that phenomena occur which cannot be explained by known causes; and this fact must carry weight, even without careful records, when the witnesses are otherwise known to be competent and trustworthy observers.
undraped	These qualities were alleged against him as defects, and to prove that his style was not the result of want of power, he painted the magnificent figure of St Mark (his masterpiece, at Florence), and the undraped figure of St Sebastian.
undress	Some of them imitated the Hebrew prophets in the performance of symbolic acts of denunciation, foretelling or warning, going barefoot, or in sackcloth or undress, and, in a few cases, for brief periods, altogether naked; even women in some cases distinguished themselves by extravagance of conduct.
undrained	The marshy districts of Sologne, Brenne, Landes and Dombes still contain large undrained tracts.
undrinkable	The water is bitter and undrinkable, being largely impregnated with carbonate and sulphate of soda with some borax.
undressed	Dean put out the office light and undressed for bed.
undue	He gave undue attention to the road.
undulation	The strata must once have risen above the present surface, and in many cases may be found descending to the surface again with a contrary dip, the intervening portion of the undulation having been worn away.
undulating	The surface of the department consists of undulating and well-wooded plains, intersected by numerous valleys, and diversified in the north-east by hilly ground which forms a part of the mountain system of the Ardennes.
unduly	One main fault of the Speculum Historiale is the unduly large space devoted to miracles.
undulatory	In 1899, at the jubilee commemoration of Sir George Stokes, he was Rede lecturer at Cambridge, his subject being the undulatory theory of light and its influence on modern physics; and on that occasion the honorary degree of D.Sc. was conferred on him by the university.
undutiful	It is but necessary to note that the younger Henry died in 1183, that Geoffrey perished by accident at a tournament in 1186, and that in 1189, when the old kings strength finally gave out, it was Richard who was leading the rebellion, to which John, the youngest and least worthy of the four undutiful sons, was giving secret countenance.
undying	He holds - on grounds of fact and science - to the mechanical orderliness of nature, but claims that the Weltanschauung thus suggested may be reinterpreted in view of those undying human aspirations which MacTaggart dismisses to instant execution (unless they can dress themselves in syllogism).
undyed	The Babylonian temples received garments as payment in kind, and the Egyptian lists in the Papyrus Harris (Rameses III.) enumerate an enormous number of skirts, tunics and mantles, dyed and undyed, for the various deities.
unearned	Pip is cured forever of his fantasy of unearned wealth.
unearth	This elusive piece of clothing may be difficult to unearth but it can be well worth the effort.
unease	Her unease grew as she went.
uneasily	He shifted uneasily and then met her gaze.
uneasy	An uneasy feeling began in her stomach.
unearthed	Edward Dowden unearthed new correspondence with William Hayley in The Atlantic Monthly (1907).
unearthly	It showed him in battle, his hardened body moving with unearthly speed and agility against enemies that were obscured.
uneatable	Its fur is usually of a yellowish-brown colour, coarse and grizzled, and of little value commercially, while its flesh, unlike that of other bears, is uneatable even by the Indians.
uneaten	Don't overfeed and create a buildup of uneaten food.
uneasiness	There was genuine uneasiness in her voice that drew his interest.
uneconomical	As the companies grew in size and improved their discipline, it was seen by the Italian nobles that this kind of service offered a good career for men of spirit, who had learned the use of arms. To leave so powerful and profitable a calling in the hands of foreigners seemed both dangerous and uneconomical.
unedifying	The discredit into which he fell was due partly to the unedifying incidents of his personal career.
unedited	His flight on the shoulders of Aeneas is frequently represented on engraved gems of the Roman period; and his visit from Aphrodite is rendered in a beautiful bronze relief, engraved in Millingen's Unedited Gems.
uneducated	They are uneducated, indolent and vicious.
unelected	New Labor is not worried about unelected bankers setting our interest rates.
unelectrified	The ions are associated with very large electric charges, and, whatever their exact relations with those charges may be, it is certain that the energy of a system in such a state must be different from its energy when unelectrified.
unembarrassed	Urged by such considerations, he once more turned his eyes to the scene of his early exile, where he might live on his decent patrimony in a style which was impossible in England, and pursue unembarrassed his literary studies.
unemotional	His expression was bland – his voice unemotional, as if he were discussing the weather.
unembellished	This coffin is unembellished and has no other fabric besides the deceased's own shrouds and perhaps a simple white sheet.
unemployment	The unemployment rate in Ouray was one-point-four.
unemployable	And yes a high percentage of the BBC are unemployable dossers, I am sure you will agree!
unemployed	Howard was unemployed but was forced to eat an expensive lease.
unencumbered	They released the heartache they had been holding in and were filled with unencumbered passion, melting into each other as they had the first time, but now neither held any secrets, and neither needed to maintain control.
unenclosed	As the tench is of comparatively uncommon occurrence in unenclosed waters, its place among the indigenous fishes of Great Britain has been denied, and it has been supposed to have been introduced from the Continent; a view which, however, is not supported by any evidence, and is practically disposed of by the fact that fossil remains of the fish are found in the Pleistocene deposits of Great Britain.
unending	A mother's love is like an unending hug, a nurturing shelter that always welcomes.
unendurable	But to sit down helpless before human suffering is an unendurable attitude.
unenlightened	Fresh knowledge, new forces and faculties, have to be acquired by positive and strenuous efforts, while, on the other hand, delusions and superstitions are to be abandoned by an attitude of conscious neglect; or to use the phraseology of the Hindus, Avidyd, nescience - the mental state of the unenlightened - through which the individual energies are scattered and dissipated in futile effort, is gradually replaced by Vidyd, the higher wisdom which dispels the darkness of the mind, awakens our latent faculties and concentrates our efforts in the direction of that harmonious union, which ultimately results in Nirvana.
unenviable	This station was garrisoned by the 41 st Native Infantry, a regiment which gained an unenviable notoriety in the Mutiny.
unequalled	For his insight into mechanism and his power over it he was unequalled, except perhaps by Charles Babbage.
unequal	Upper Austria is divided by the Danube into two unequal parts.
unequally	A fixed fine, for example, operates very unequally on rich and poor.
unequivocal	Yet the transformation is unequivocal; and the revised conception no longer seems to connote the theological implications that were at first ascribed to it.
unequivocally	These are unequivocally pantheistic in tone, and the desire of the soul to escape and rest with God is expressed with all the fervour of Eastern poetry.
unerring	She knows with unerring instinct what is right, and does it joyously.
unesco	The World Wildlife Fund (WWF) was started by Sir Julian Huxley, who at the time was a world-renowned biologist from England, and also the director of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).
unessential	While the ideals and teaching of the Old Testament have always struck a responsive chord, scientific knowledge of the evolution of man, of the world's history and of man's place in the universe, constantly reveals the difference between the value of the old Oriental legacy for its influence upon the development of mankind and the unessential character of that which has had inevitably to be relinquished.
unerringly	Accordingly their disproportionate prevalence in South America points unerringly to the lower rank of the avifauna of the region as a whole, and therefore to the propriety of putting it next in order to that of the Australian region, the general fauna of which is admittedly the lowest in the world.
unestablished	The position of a disestablished or an unestablished Church is comparatively modern, and has given rise to new jural con j - ceptions.
unethical	It would be unethical to conduct dangerous medical experiments without the full consent of the participants.
unevenly	You do realize that if it's a girl, we're going to be unevenly matched.
unevenness	The massive irregularity of the exterior is due to the unevenness of the site.
uneventful	His reign was as uneventful as it was brief.
uneventfully	Dean was out of the house before Fred arose and the morning passed uneventfully with Dean, Harrigan and Tom DeLeo addressing the usual assortment of Parkside offenses.
unexamined	The steady advance of scientific inquiry into every corner of Persia, backed by the unceasing efforts of a new school of geographical explorers, has left nothing unexamined that can be subjected to superficial observation.
uneven	It is an extremely uneven compilation.
unexampled	In art, Ruskin had enjoyed an unexampled training, which made him a consummate expert.
unexceptionable	Truculent pamphieteers like Simon Fish, who wrote Beggars Supplication, were already demanding that these sturdy boobies should be set abroad into the world, to get wives of their own, and earn their living by the sweat of their brows, according to the commandment of God; so might the king be better obeyed, matrimony be better kept, the gospel better preached, and none should rob the poor of his alms. It must be added that monastic scandals were not rare; though the majority of the houses were decently ordered, yet the unexceptionable testimony of archiepiscopal and episcopal visitations shows that in the years just before the Reformation there was a certain number of them where chastity of life and honesty of administration were equally unknown.
unexceptional	Overall, this is capable (just) but very unexceptional.
unexecuted	This work, designed in 1857, but unexecuted during a quarter of a century, owing to insufficiency of funds, was completed in 1882; and in 1886, after other comparatively short cuttings had been made to get rid of difficult bends and further to deepen the channel without having to resort to dredgers, the desired minimum depth of 15 ft.
unexcused	Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, schools reported 3,500 students, or 12 percent of all students, were absent on an average school day; 70 percent of those were unexcused.
unexpectedly	In September 1665 the king unexpectedly paid him a visit at Wimborne.
unexpected	Her breath escaped in an unexpected sigh.
unexhausted	Compensation was given to market gardeners for unexhausted improvements by the Market Gardeners' Compensation Act 1895 and by the Agricultural Holdings Act 1906 for improvements effected before the commencement of that act on a holding cultivated to the knowledge of the landlord as a market garden, if the landlord had not dissented in writing to the improvements.
unexpired	In the winter of 1867 he was elected to fill the unexpired term, but a Democratic majority in the legislature prevented his re-election in 1869.
unexplainable	There sure are some unexplainable facets to our relationship, however.
unexposed	Jefferson, however, far from America in these years and unexposed to reactionary influences, came back with undiminished fervour of democracy, and the talk he heard of praise for England, and fearful recoil before even the beginning of the revolution in France, disheartened him, and filled him with suspicion.'
unexplored	The highest peaks are situated in the still unexplored district of Talikan, N.W.
unexpressed	What could they possibly do but cling to their priest with a blind and unexpressed faith ?
unexploded	Colin finds an unexploded bomb in the Leisure Center.
unexploited	The mountain districts are rich in unexploited mineral wealth, and the fertile coast-plain, which produces cotton, rice, cereals, sugar and much fruit, and affords abundant pasturage, is well watered by the rivers that descend from the Taurus range.
unexplained	Pumpkin's original deposit with Bird Song was overdrawn and requests for further funds were excused away, purportedly awaiting some expected but unexplained bounty via the mail.
unextended	On their material side they are not absolutely unextended, but spherical.
unfair	Was he being unfair, taking the easy way out?
unfailingly	But then he pictured his beautiful wife, her unfailingly sweet and kind nature, and refused his mind's picture of her kneeling there in the snow, calmly sawing Shipton's rope until it parted, plunging him to his bloody death.
unfailing	He occasionally visited his family, and their unfailing confidence helped to keep up his courage.
unfairness	Fred lost and muttered something about the unfairness of life as he left to do his duty.
unfamiliarity	Anyone who saw Hendrix's performance at Woodstock was sure to remember it; he reportedly played a two-hour set despite his band's fatigue at being up all night and unfamiliarity in playing such a huge venue.
unfamiliar	She stopped, unfamiliar with the sight of death.
unfaithful	Not all men were unfaithful lechers.
unfaithfulness	Divorce is rare, unfaithfulness after marriage not common and incest unknown.
unfairly	Some feel it is unfairly intrusive.
unfaltering	She stood too near, perfumed and ram-rod straight, fixing him with a level and unfaltering gaze with those arresting eyes.
unfasten	She began to unfasten her long braids.
unfashionable	To both sides, the opposite's swimwear seems a bit unfashionable.
unfastened	He was wearing a shirt and his unfastened necktie was hanging in my face.
unfathomable	The point of this board game remains unfathomable to me.
unfazed	Pierre was unfazed by his raised voice and continued playing a game on his phone.
unfeeling	The concept of a kiss off letter may appear cruel and unfeeling but there are many reasons to send one.
unfavourable	His account of the country was quite as unfavourable as Pelsaert's.
unfelt	It is quite unfelt in the rest of Afghanistan, in which, as in all the west of Asia, the winter rains are the most considerable.
unfermented	These are total abstainers, who maintain that the use of stimulants is essentially sinful, and allege that the wine used by Christ and his disciples at the supper was unfermented.
unfenced	Neither were the unfenced and unappropriated common lands - waste, bog, forest and mountain - which all clansmen were free to use promiscuously at will.
unfertilized	The offspring of the virgin females are in most of these instances females; but among the bees and wasps parthenogenesis occurs normally and always results in the development of males, the queen insect laying either a fertilized or unfertilized egg at will.
unfertile	Though the climate is raw and good soil rare, the heath is not unfertile.
unfettered	The measure was taken to give him unfettered access to her visions.
unfilial	Exile was inflicted for incest with a daughter; disinheritance for incest with a stepmother or for repeated unfilial conduct.
unfilled	The pastor is paid for his pastoral work, and receives his Sunday fee just as a stranger does; his Sundays from home he fills up at the request of deacons of other churches, and it is a breach of connexional etiquette for a minister to apply for engagements, no matter how many unfilled Sundays he may have.
unfiltered	The unfiltered water may then be allowed to flow quietly and to fill the space above the sand to a depth of 2 or 3 ft.
unfit	The doc finally declared him unfit after his last episode.
unfinished	His unfinished question lingered in the silence between them.
unfitted	His keenly logical intellect, and his impatience of authority where it clashed with his own convictions, quite unfitted him for that unquestioning obedience which the Church demanded.
unfitness	The spleen continues to enlarge; the urine is now scanty and high-coloured; the body temperature is high, but the highest temperatures occur during the chill; there is considerable thirst; and there is the usual intellectual unfitness, and it may be confusion, of the feverish state.
unfixed	You must be careful, however, as you could unintentionally end up stuck with someone else's unfixed problems, e.g., poor steering, malfunctioning plumbing or a non-functional air conditioner, to name a few.
unflagging	His strong will is matched by unflagging loyalty.
unflappable	It's one of the beauty industry's unflappable rules, and it applies no matter what time of year it is.
unflatteringly	Too-large pieces will droop and hang unflatteringly.
unflattering	This is an authorized history, in which everything unflattering to the Burmese monarchs was rigidly suppressed.
unflinching	With calm dignity and unflinching courage he met his fate and crowned a noble life with an heroic death.
unflinchingly	At Auxonne, as previously at Valence, Napoleon commanded a small detachment of troops sent to put down disturbances in neighbouring towns, and carried out his orders unflinchingly.
unfocused	Local history or a walk around the neighborhood can begin the process, but remain unfocused.
unfold	I have chosen thee to unfold the spiritual sense of the Holy Scripture.
unforced	In a game lasting over an hour both players showed exceptional athleticism and retrieval skills but also an abundance of unforced errors.
unforeseeable	It's fine to make exceptions for illnesses, holidays, or unforeseeable circumstances.
unfordable	The Russians marched in two columns, which lost touch of one another, and as it was quite impossible for either to engage the French singlehanded, they both retired again towards Smolensk, where with an advanced guard in the town itself - which possessed an oldfashioned brick enceinte not to be breached by field artillery alone - the two columns reunited and deployed for action behind the unfordable Dnieper.
unforeseen	But during the first few weeks I was confronted with unforeseen difficulties.
unforgettable	It pulls out all the stops to make you unforgettable.
unforgivable	What we have suffered as a result of Ira terrorism is unforgivable.
unforgettably	It is an unforgettably bold hue, and may easily overwhelm a small room with its gutsy personality.
unforgiving	I was the one who was cold — unforgiving.
unformed	When I was woven together in the depths of the earth, 16 your eyes saw my unformed body.
unfortunately	Unfortunately, this session was unsuccessful.
unfortified	There alone we have proof that the art of writing was commonly practised, and there tribute-tallies suggest an imperial organization; there the arts of painting and sculpture in stone were most highly developed; there the royal residences, which had never been violently destroyed, though remodelled, continued unfortified; whereas on the Greek mainland they required strong protective works.
unfounded	Her concerns were unfounded, as usual.
unfossiliferous	They consist of a series of unfossiliferous crystalline slates.
unfortunate	There wasn't any evidence to suggest other than an unfortunate accident.
unframed	There will be sixteen unframed landscape etchings on display from 2nd November 2002 until 28th February 2003.
unfrequent	The Formosan fauna has been but partially ascertained; but at least three kinds of deer, wild boars, bears, goats, monkeys (probably Macacus speciosus), squirrels, and flying squirrels are fairly common, and panthers and wild cats are not unfrequent.
unfrequented	He seemed to resent the intrusion of a human being in such an unfrequented spot.
unfriendly	Her unfriendly gaze shifted to Katie.
unfrozen	Go to the store and buy your meat fresh and unfrozen, store it in the refrigerator for the days allowed on the package.
unfruitful	Sickly and unfruitful trees may often be revived by bringing up their roots within 5 or 6 in.
unfunded	He took a prominent part in the corn-law debates of 1814 and 1815; and in 1819 he presented a memorandum to Lord Liverpool advocating a large reduction in the unfunded debt, and explaining a method for the resumption of cash payments, which was embodied in the act passed the same year.
unfulfilled	We always have to have unfulfilled dreams.
unfurnished	She promptly asked if he wanted a furnished or unfurnished apartment.
unfurl	The young anti most impatient adherents of Carlism vainly pleaded that such an opportunity would not soon be found again, and threatened to take the law into their own hands and unfurl the flag of Dios, Patria, y Rey in northern and central Spain.
unfused	This advantage is especially observed in some cases in which the charge of the furnace is liable to attack the containing vessel at high temperatures, as it is often possible to maintain the outer walls of the electric furnace relatively cool, and even to keep them lined with a protecting crust of unfused charge.
unfussy	They're functional and so deliberately unfussy and anonymous that even tho they're intended go unnoticed, they end up drawing attention.
ungainly	He was ungainly, with rickety legs.
ungauged	Our research focuses on encapsulating this process knowledge into models that can be applied without calibration and hence can be applied within ungauged catchments.
ungenerous	What I always want is for them to say the marks are broadly accurate, if a little ungenerous.
ungenial	Continue the propagation of herbaceous plants, taking off the layers of carnations, picotees, pansies and chrysanthemums, by the end of the month; choice carnations and picotees may be potted and wintered in cold frames if the season is wet and ungenial.
unglazed	Unglazed pots have the advantage of holding a lot of moisture because they are porous.
ungodliness	It was the descendants of these who began again to do ungodliness more than the former ones.
ungodly	The ungodly will be punished mercilessly, and in exact correspondence to their sins.'
ungovernable	Save the multitude, endangered by its own ungovernable passions.
ungraceful	It reflected a weak, ungraceful figure and thin face.
ungracious	The somewhat ungracious driver asked me if I had ever been towed before.
ungraded	The qualified electors of each district having an ungraded school elect a moderator, a director and a treasurer - one at each annual school meeting - for a term of three years, who constitute the district school board, and this board is entrusted with ample power for directing the affairs of the school.
ungrammatical	Changing ' ill ' to ' sick ' in the last example (4) creates an ungrammatical sentence.
ungrateful	As a king he proved ungrateful to his mother, and weak as a ruler.
ungreased	When a cart wheel is ungreased it produces a very high note, probably due to torsional vibrations of the axle.
unguarded	He listened to her unguarded thoughts.
unguent	In such cases the influence of the god, communicated to the victim, passed with the unguent into the stone.
unguided	The information was collected by district officials, unguided by any general instructions as to form or procedure.
ungulate	Be this as it may, the North American mammals described as Moropus and Morotherium, in the belief that they were ground-sloths, are really referable to the ungulate group Ancylopoda.
unhallowed	Several unidentified people buried in unhallowed ground, strange lights are seen there.
unhampered	When, therefore, Tromp was next sent to sea, it was with an unhampered fleet of war-ships, and for the purpose of bringing the English fleet to battle.
unhappily	He had none, but looked so unhappily and greedily at the others while they were eating!
unhappiness	She was at that height of bliss when one becomes completely kind and good and does not believe in the possibility of evil, unhappiness, or sorrow.
unhappy	He was unhappy about something.
unharmed	In consequence of these transactions, he was suffered to betake himself unharmed to Venice.
unfeigned	I addressed the people with the most unfeigned respect.
unhealthful	Even healthy food can become unhealthful when eaten in the wrong quantities.
unhealthiness	Mangrove swamps surround the town and epidemics of cholera, yellow fever and other tropical diseases have been frequent; but the unhealthiness of the climate is mitigated to some extent by the high tides which cover the marshes, and the invigorating breezes which blow in from the sea.
unheard	The soft click of the door closing went unheard.
unheated	Seasonal sunrooms are typically unheated, made of three walls of windows and an entry way to the rest of the home that can be closed off in poor weather.
unheeded	The protest, however, was unheeded.
unhealthy	The climate is for the most part temperate and healthy, but it is hot and unhealthy on the coast.
unhelpful	Moran made such a call and found the staffer to be most unhelpful.
unhesitating	But if thus far Grote's protest against prevalent assumptions carries an immediate and unhesitating conviction, it may be doubted whether his positive statement can be accounted final.
unhewn	They form a consecutive series from rude unhewn stones to highly finished obelisks, of which the tallest still erect is 60 ft.
unhesitatingly	Weizsacker unhesitatingly advocates the latter view.
unheroic	The last and the worst of the Cid ballads are those which betray by their frigid conceits and feeble mimicry of the antique the false taste and essentially unheroic spirit of the age of Philip II.
unhindered	You may now proceed unhindered.
unhitch	Here. Hold him a minute while I park the trailer and unhitch it.
unhistorical	C. Fox-Davies's Armorial Families (Edinburgh, 1895, and subsequent editions) represents an unhistorical attempt to create the idea of a noblesse in the United Kingdom.
unholy	He forced her head back until he could see her eyes, and she could see the unholy light in his.
unhook	I would rather hand and unhook the pike in the water.
unhurried	The restaurant's ambiance is peaceful and unhurried.
unhurt	Both were unhurt but frightened.
unhygienic	Removal from the hot climate and unhygienic surroundings must naturally be attended to.
uniaxial	Consider a metal in uniaxial compression where plastic strain only takes place in the 1-2 plane.
uniat	Thus the Servians are mostly Greek Orthodox; the Ruthenians are Uniat Greeks; the Rumanians are either Greek Orthodox or Greek Uniats; the Slovaks are Lutherans; the only other Lutherans are the Germans in Transylvania and in the Zsepes county.
unicameral	It continued the unicameral legislative system, abolished the office of governor, and provided for an executive council of twelve members.
unicef	She is also an official spokesperson for UNICEF and an Honorary Chairperson for City Hearts.
unicellular	The Cryptomonadaceae also are unicellular, and live free or in colonies.
unicode	When the XML parser reads in this as an XML document, it decodes the bytes into Unicode characters.
unicorn	This is the perfect time to explain that Santa might not really be able to bring a unicorn since he knows your neighborhood isn't zoned for wild animals and since you don't have a good local supplier of magical creature chow.
unicycle	Unlike shoes, you're not stuck walking unless you have a car, a bike or a unicycle to carry you down the street.
unicursal	In particular if D =o, that is, if the given curve be unicursal, the transformed curve is a line, 4 is a mere linear function of 0, and the theorem is that the co-ordinates x, y, z of a point of the unicursal curve can be expressed as proportional to rational and integral functions of 0; it is easy to see that for a given curve of the order m, these functions of 0 must be of the same order m.
unidentifiable	An unidentifiable expression lurked in his dark features as he nodded.
unidirectional	In addition, it has an automatic movement chronometer, brushed unidirectional rotating bezel with engraved markers, and a polished titanium case with double locked clasp bracelet.
unidentified	More than likely the unidentified rider was only another drifter.
unifier	The answer is partly that men like St Louis did think that the Crusade was misplaced, and partly that Frederick was really attacked not as a revolted Christian, but as the would-be unifier of Italy, the enemy of the states of the church.
unification	The unification of the railways caused greater difficulties.
uniform	Her black uniform was clean and waiting for her.
unified	The penal code was unified and reformed in 1890.
uniformed	As Dean and his stepfather neared the bridge, they looked up to see a uniformed City of Ouray police man pointing at him.
unify	There's no rule that says you can't use a variety of colors, but using a few focal colors through your pages will help unify them visually.
uniformity	There was a definite uniformity to the assemblage.
uniformly	They were a well-traveled group for their uniformly young ages.
unilaterally	Stimuli applied generally, not unilaterally, in most cases induce increased divisibility of the cells of the part.
unilateral	Pakistan has declared a unilateral moratorium on nuclear tests.
unilocular	The largest class are the unilocular, or simple, external galls, divided by Lacaze-Duthiers into those with and those without a superficial protective layer or rind, and composed of hard, or spongy, or cellular tissue.
unimaginable	A wave of unimaginable pleasure coursed through her entire body.
unimaginative	People with Earth signs are most often criticized for being unimaginative.
unimpeachable	Joe, Stan Fischer is well known to be a person of unimpeachable integrity.
unimpaired	Marryat brought ripe experience and unimpaired vivacity to his work when he began to write novels.
unimpassioned	But, generally speaking, there was no heart in preaching, sermons were unimpassioned, stilted and formal presentations of ethics and apologetics, seldom delivered extempore.
unimportance	There is nothing certain, nothing at all except the unimportance of everything I understand, and the greatness of something incomprehensible but all-important.
unimpeded	This will allow the plants to grow unimpeded.
unimpressed	He crossed his arms, unimpressed.
unimportant	The minerals are unimportant, except amber, peat and clay.
unimpressive	His end was not unimpressive, but it was melancholy.
unimproved	Forty more lay behind that — all wild and unimproved.
unincorporated	In September the Brook Farm Institute of Agriculture and Education was formally organized, the members signing the Articles of Association and forming an unincorporated joint - stock company.
uninfected	From 1850 onwards French cultivators were compelled, in order to keep up their silk supply, to import graine from uninfected districts.
uninfluenced	At the two Diets held by him, at Kassa and Talya, in 1683, the estates, though not uninfluenced by his personal charm, showed some want of confidence in him, fearing lest he might sacrifice the national independence to the Turkish alliance.
uninhabitable	As in all uncultivated countries, the forests and prairies of Siberia become almost uninhabitable in summer because of the mosquitoes.
uninhabited	We had more nonevents like uninhabited places than success but some were spectacular.
uninhibited	Mind you he did become very cheerful and happy, totally uninhibited and very amusing at parties or on holiday.
uninitiated	To the uninitiated it would appear that this selection has been made, generally speaking, at random; it is at any rate lacking in the wise discrimination one would expect from the supposed source of its inspiration.
uninjured	The layer of cork thus formed cuts out the dead debris and serves to, protect the uninjured cells below.
uninstructed	The compilation of geography books by uninstructed writers led to the pernicious habit, which is not yet wholly overcome, of reducing the general or physical part to a few pages of concentrated information, and expanding the particular or political part by including unrevised travellers' stories and uncritical descriptions of the various countries of the world.
uninstructive	Such classifications are, however, uninstructive, and it has been found practically necessary in financial writing to take the principal taxes by name, or by such a general grouping as that of import or stamp duties, and then describe their nature, characteristics and incidence.
uninsured	The company should insure its workers because if uninsured workers end up in the ER, the burden falls on society, not the company.
unintelligent	He meant an unintelligent, unconscious, restless, endless will.
unintelligible	He grumbled something unintelligible and hung up.
unintentional	This explains what has been called above the unintentional bearing of spot by futures.
unintended	It's like we try to do good and theses unintended side effects occur; the deputy sheriff in Alabama, that Youngblood jerk in California, plus the parents murdered just so the discovery of their child's abduction would be delayed.
unintentionally	Alex had reason to know Josh could be rough unintentionally as well.
uninterested	The fact that she was uninterested only enticed him further.
uninteresting	But it was by his Nouveaux Dialogues des morts (1683) that Fontenelle established a genuine claim to high literary rank; and that claim was enhanced three years later by the appearance of the Entretiens sur la pluralite des mondes (1686), a work which was among the very first to illustrate the possibility of being scientific without being either uninteresting or unintelligible to the ordinary reader.
uninterrupted	At first he feared it was a telephone until its uninterrupted sound told him otherwise.
uninucleate	In all other cases, zoospores are uninucleate bodies.
uninviting	Eastwards the mountain system, the Jebel Sangeli, maintains the same general character as far as Bandar Gori (Las Korai), where the precipitous northern cliffs approach within 200 or 300 yards of the gulf, their bare brown rocks and clays presenting the same uninviting appearance as the light brown hills skirting the Red Sea.
uninvited	He also appears uninvited in your library at will.
uninvolved	In extreme cases, uninvolved parents may even neglect their children's needs.
union	They were the bond of union between Church and state.
unionism	On this subject many monographs and larger works have been published in recent years, but dealing rather with such questions as trade unionism, co-operation and factory legislation, than the structure and organization of particular industries, or the causes and the results of the formation of the great combinations, peculiarly characteristic of the United States, but not wanting in England, which are amongst the most striking economic phenomena of modern times.
unionist	He became a member of the Unionist Government in Dec. 1917.
uniplanar	In the equations of uniplanar motion = dx - du = dx + dy = -v 2 ?, suppose, so that in steady motion dx I +v24 ' x = ?'
uniparous	The cyme, according to its development, has been characterized as biparous or uniparous.
unipolar	Addition of omega-3 fatty acid to maintenance medication treatment for recurrent unipolar depressive disorder.
uniqueness	And just because individuals whose lives have uniqueness of meaning are here only objects of pursuit, the attainment of this very individuality, since it is indeed real, occurs not in our present form of consciousness, but in a life that now we see not, yet in a life whose genuine meaning is continuous with our own human life, however far from our present flickering form of disappointed human consciousness that life of the final individuality may be.
uniquely	Uniquely designed rings have been around for centuries.
unique	His paintings were so unique as to require no signature for identification.
unirrigated	Unirrigated land laid under wheat by the natives is said to yield twelve bushels an acre.
uniserial	In their disposition they are either uniserial, biserial or multiserial.
unisexual	The flowers spring in branching spadices from the axils of the leaves, and as the trees are unisexual it is necessary in cultivation to fertilize the female flowers by artificial means.
unison	They clapped in unison and congratulated her.
unisex	She bathed in the unisex shower room, grateful for the lukewarm water and the chance to scrub herself down and assess the damage.
unitarianism	That modern Unitarianism is all to be traced back to Sozzini and the Rakow Confession need not be assumed.
unitarian	From the beginning of the 18th century the greater number of the Presbyterian congregations became practically independent in polity and Unitarian in doctrine.
unitary	The link road remains in the draft unitary Development Plan, where it can become the subject of a public inquiry.
united	There are video pictures of the motor home entry from Canada back into the United States.
unit	The medical unit has healed me.
unity	You know they believe in national unity and rights for the poor.
univ	Rawles, Centralizing Tendencies in the Administration of Indiana (New York and London,1903),Columbia Univ.
univalent	If we assume that a certain minimum electric charge must be brought into contact with a group of colloid particles to produce coagulation, twice as many univalent ions must collect to produce the same effect as a number of divalent ions, and three times as many as an effective number of trivalent ions.
unite	God's purpose from eternity was to unite mankind in Christ, and so to bring human history to its goal, the New Man, the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ.
universalistic	The orthodox were at first cool because they had always dreamed of a nationalism inspired by messianic ideals, while the liberals had long come to dissociate those universalistic ideals from all national limitations.
universalist	Other serials of this class are the Protestant Episcopal Quarterly Review (1854), the Presbyterian Magazine (1851-1860), the Catholic World (1865), the Southern Review (1867), the New' Jerusalem Magazine (1827), American Baptist Magazine (1817), the Church Review (1848), the Christian Review (1836), the Universalist Quarterly (1844).
universalism	His language has the purity of the desert, his morals are those of the city, his universalism is that of the man of the world.
universality	Even so, however, it starts from a particular premise which only contains many instances, and leaves room to doubt the universality of its conclusions.
universe	The universe is wider than our views of it.
university	On a hunch, she called the University of Arkansas.
univocal	The two sciences are not univocal, that is, they do not have the same subject.
unix	In other words, you want to be able to play an Internet game regardless of whether you are sitting at a PC, a Mac or a Unix workstation.
universally	It's universally understood that you're off-limits.
universal	Death is the most universal experience possible, true, but it's also the most personal.
unjust	The king had sent them there to make the people obey his unjust laws.
unjustifiable	But these vagaries are not only unjustifiable; they are entirely unnecessary.
unjustifiably	They must be based on sound science and must not arbitrarily or unjustifiably discriminate between trading partners.
unjustly	The Daniel is often unjustly depreciated.
unjustified	William's unpopularity with his new people was, on the whole, unjustified, but his memory is rightly darkened by the stain of the Massacre of Glencoe.
unkempt	This shrub can become quite unkempt if not pruned well back.
unkind	Monica was a sweetheart who never said an unkind word about a soul.
unkindly	Damian asked, not unkindly.
unkindness	After his death Leonardo experienced unkindness from his seven half-brothers, Ser Piero's legitimate sons.
unknowable	He was regarded as the mediator between suffering humanity and the unknowable and inaccessible god of all being, who reigned in the ether.
unknowing	Their unknowing company at his meal was well worth the price of the charge.
unknowingly	Unfortunately, even if there isn't a damaging virus attached to the file, you still may unknowingly install spyware or adware on your computer alongside the game.
unknown	The immense, the unknown, enfolded me.
unlatch	He leaned over to unlatch the gate and then rode through, heading down the drive toward the road.
unlawful	How long shall they wield unlawful power?
unlawfully	The synod found him unlawfully deposed and ordered his restoration.
unlawfulness	In a tract entitled The Absolute Unlawfulness of Stage Entertainments (1726) Law was tempted by the corruptions of the stage of the period to use unreasonable language, and incurred some effective criticism from John Dennis in The Stage Defended.
unlearn	It takes time to unlearn the patterns of behavior we have been brought up to accept as the norm.
unleash	Feel free to unleash your inner designer!
unlearned	His way for others to this reality is likewise plain and level to the comprehension of the unlearned and of children.
unleavened	Six days eat unleavened bread, on the seventh a solemn assembly.
unless	I don't want you to give that number to anyone unless it's an emergency, you understand?
unlettered	With the exception of the peshwas, its chiefs were little more than freebooting warriors, for the most part rude, violent and' unlettered.
unlicensed	Do not allow workers in these camps to possess unlicensed firearms.
unlighted	The farm house area was unlighted and as still as a tomb according to Howie.
unlikeness	Indeed, some of the chief contrasts of the two continents arise not so much from geological unlikeness as from their unsymmetrical situation with respect to the equator, whereby the northern one lies mostly in the temperate zone, while the southern one lies mostly in the torrid zone.
unlike	This was so unlike the girl I'd known for a lifetime.
unlikely	It was an unlikely spot for water.
unlined	She stayed in unlined black for the rest of her working life.
unlimited	He probably thought she had unlimited funding.
unlisted	My number is unlisted.
unlit	The balcony was unlit, probably because it had turned into a make-out spot.
unlivable	Her house was unlivable, her clothes scattered in three homes, and tomorrow she was going to give up her name as well.
unload	All his mild efforts to unload this cargo went for nothing.
unlock	He slid his thumb across the screen to unlock it.
unloved	I have encouraged this because I don't want him to feel unloved, but he is starting to smell up the house.
unlovely	This impunity provoked a licence which is responsible for the unlovely features of Henry's reign and character.
unluckily	The humour of this last is especially bright and effective, but, unluckily for the author, the piece is believed to have been retouched by some other hand.
unlucky	He could not have chosen a more unlucky time for his own quiet.
unmade	Traci sat on an unmade bed belonging to one of the Tucson Sector members, and Sofia eyed her Guardian.
unmake	How am I supposed to unmake the world 's biggest mistake.
unmanageable	In some ways it seems indigestible, unmanageable and not do able.
unmanly	On the day of his capture Monmouth wrote to James in terms of the most unmanly contrition, ascribing his wrong-doings to the action of others, and imploring an interview.
unmanned	The machine has automatic disk setting and can run unmanned.
unmannerly	But matters went otherwise than he had expected; when he waxed unmannerly, and unsheathed his dagger to strike one of the royal retinue who had dared to answer him back, the mayor of London, William Walworth, drew his cutlass and cut him down.
unmapped	The Liberian frontier with the adjacent French possessions was defined by the Franco-Liberian treaty of 1892, but as the definition therein given was found to be very difficult of reconciliation with geographical features (for in 1892 the whole of the Liberian interior was unmapped) further negotiations were set on foot.
unmarketable	The Ecca shales contain some of the best coals of South Africa, but the seams contain much unmarketable coal.
unmarked	Dean was sure they had not passed an unmarked turn.
unmask	The princess would slay him, but is withheld by her mother, who sees they have need of Tristan's aid to unmask the seneschal.
unmarried	He died unmarried in February 1880.
unmatched	Versace dress shoes are of unmatched quality.
unmeaning	The course of nature is for him an unmeaning expression, unless it be referred to some author; and he therefore makes extensive use of the teleological method.
unmeasured	Garibaldi, elected member for Naples, ouficed Cavour in unmeasured terms for his treatment of the inteers and for the cession of Nic,e, accusing him of leading country to civil war.
unmentionable	The contestants faced the tasks set out for them including having to eat the unmentionable menu items.
unmercifully	Her heart lurched and pounded unmercifully.
unmerited	Broken down as much by the blow as by ill-health the cardinal died at Lambeth on the 17th of November 1558, twelve hours after Mary's death and under the unmerited disgrace of the papacy in defence of which he had spent his life.
unmet	In addition, we have a strong and varied pipeline of potential products in areas where there is clearly an unmet clinical need.
unmentionables	Those will protect your unmentionables from getting snagged on something inside the washer.
unmethodical	To combine the heterogeneous narratives and isolated statements into a consecutive account is impossible; to ignore those which conflict with the now predominating views would be unmethodical.
unmindful	Do not forget a friend in your heart, and be not unmindful of him in your wealth.
unmistakably	Yet even in this sterner setting the figure portrayed is unmistakably the same.
unmitigated	She was oblivious to him observing her with unmitigated admiration.
unmixed	The Arabs of more or less unmixed descent are purely nomads.
unmistakable	Soon, she heard the unmistakable sound of a helo nearing.
uninformed	The world was turning at Mach speed and Dean felt himself racing along with the uninformed, totally out of control.
unmodified	Appendages of 2nd pair not underlying the mouth, but freely movable and, except in primitive forms, furnished with a maxillary lobe; the rest of the limb like the legs, tipped with a single claw and quite unmodified (except in a').
unmolested	The left-hand column was unmolested by the troops of Buongiovanni's VII.
unmounted	When it is unmounted or remounted in read-only mode, its state is reset to ` ` Clean ' '.
unmoved	Talleyrand listened unmoved, but afterwards sent in his resignation of his seat on the council.
unmovable	His eyes were as dark as the ocean depths, his grip around her body unmovable.
unnamed	The god himself was unnamed or had no name.
unnaturally	The unnaturally deep intimacy of the moment wasn't lost on her.
unnecessarily	At times, tho, it felt unnecessarily sordid.
unnavigable	All are swift and unnavigable, save perhaps for a.
unneeded	Don't keep unneeded heavy objects in the trunk.
unnatural	He did not finish, but gave a painfully unnatural smile.
unnerved	She watched, unnerved at how close the battles were.
unnerving	The hostility in his voice and expression was unnerving.
unnecessary	You will find sleeping to be an unnecessary luxury as well.
unnoticeable	If this is the case, test an unnoticeable area to make sure that there are no chemical reactions before cleaning the entire ceiling.
unnumbered	The race survives - the days of Israel are unnumbered.
uno	Many people, especially in small countries like Sweden, indulge in what might be called a fetishism of the UNO.
unnoticed	He could not carry it unnoticed in his belt or under his arm.
unobjectionable	Slate pots or tubs, usually square, are sometimes adopted, and are durable and otherwise unobjectionable, only, their sides being less porous, the earth does not dry so rapidly, and some modification of treatment as to watering is necessary.
unobserved	Gibbon sat and listened unobserved to their strictures.
unobstructed	He tried to shift Destiny so that he had an unobstructed view of Lori.
unobservant	Was she blinded by love now, or had she merely been unobservant before?
unobtrusive	He usually dressed in black, with unobtrusive propriety.
unoccupied	There large numbers of people follow this occupation as their sole means of livelihood, whereas silk and cotton weaving throughout the province generally is carried on by girls and women while unoccupied by other domestic duties.
unobtrusively	Instead, you get clean, widespread light that blends unobtrusively into your ceiling.
unofficially	The office has been revived, though unofficially, in the Church of England, as a result of the Tractarian movement.
unofficial	Never heard of someone in your position making an unofficial deal.
unopposed	After his death, the Constable de Bourbon took command of them; they marched slowly down, aided by the marquis of Ferrara, and unopposed by the duke of Urbino, reached Rome, and took it by assault.
unopened	He figured the bags must have been mine—they were still unopened.
unorganized	The enrolled force is, however, both unorganized and unarmed.
unoriginal	The complacency of Connecticut at the time was ready made to rail against, it was so deathly unoriginal and sticky with republican fear.
unorthodox	His relations towards the unorthodox caliph Nur-ed-din were marked by extraordinary tact.
unorthodoxy	His religious unorthodoxy was condoned because he never scoffed; his political heresies, after their first effect was over, seemed harmless from the very want of logic and practical spirit in them, while part at least of his literary secret was the common property of almost every one who attempted literature.
unornamented	The windows are unornamented, and the nave has no triforium.
unostentatiously	The new teaching was allowed to spread, though at first unostentatiously and gradually.
unpacked	He had found the suitcase and unpacked it.
unpack	Going to unpack then Connor and I will start bringing decorations down.
unpainted	In Tahiti and Tonga clothing might be discarded without offence, provided the individual were tattooed; and among the Caribs a woman might leave the hut without her girdle but not unpainted.
unpaid	The cast skipped town leaving a peck of unpaid bills.
unpaired	In common with the okapi, giraffes have skin-covered horns on the head, but in these animals, which form the genus Giraffa, these appendages are present in both sexes; and there is often an unpaired one in advance of the pair on the forehead.
unparalleled	As a research tool, this 11th edition is unparalleled - even today.
unpalatable	His reasons were good; but his offensive style of argument rendered them unpalatable and himself unpopular.
unpardonable	His errors in this way are of course, looked at from an absolute standard, unpardonable.
unpatriotic	In the main he was right; but he forgot too much the provocation they had received, the usurpations and selfishness of the governing family, and the unpatriotic character of the king.
unpasteurized	The study examined cinnamon used in unpasteurized apple juice.
unpaved	The streets as originally laid out were wide and spacious, but being unpaved and undrained they were no better than mud tracks diversified by piles of garbage and foul-smelling stagnant pools.
unperceived	Yet, unperceived, Conservatism was advancing.
unperturbed	He appeared unperturbed by her caustic question.
unphilosophical	The unphilosophical person assumes that a tree as he sees it is identical with the tree as it is in itself and as it is for other percipient minds.
unplanned	This leads to additional unplanned charges.
unplayable	Broken tuning pegs, warped neck, no strings, completely unplayable.
unpleasant	Let's not think of unpleasant things right now.
unpleasantly	The flowers, too, are unpleasantly scented.
unpleasantness	Oh well, life was full of unpleasantness and this was a minor one.
unpleasing	So persistently does the human ear rebel against the division of the tetrachord into two greater tones and a leimma or hemitone, as represented by the fractions 9, 9, 26, that, centuries before the possibility of reconciling the demands of the ear with those of exact science was satisfactorily demonstrated, the Aristoxenian school advocated the use of an empirical scale, sounding pleasant to the sense, in preference to an unpleasing tonality founded upon immutable proportions.
unplug	Hopefully Alex would hear it and unplug his computer.
unplumbed	Actual or projected routes for telegraph cables across the deep sea have also been sounded with extreme accuracy in many cases; but beyond these lines of sounding the vast spaces of the ocean remain unplumbed save for the rare researches of scientific expeditions, such as those of the Challenger, the Valdivia, the Albatross and the Scotia.
unpolarized	It remains to consider the constitution of common unpolarized light.
unpolished	His oratory was rough and unpolished, but full of freshness and force and genuine feeling.
unpopulated	It has little trade, and the undeveloped, unpopulated state of the country behind it affords no promise of immediate growth.
unpopularity	Yet, in spite of all, his jovial disposition and good-humoured cynicism saved him from unpopularity, and rendered his death an occasion of mourning.
unpopular	At all times Lebanon has been a place of refuge for unpopular creeds.
unpractical	For a few months indeed Lamartine, from being a distinguished man of letters, an official of inferior rank in diplomacy, and an eloquent but unpractical speaker in parliament, became one of the foremost men in Europe.
unpractised	He was accepted as a disciple and promoted to a position of trust, where avarice, the only vice in which he had hitherto been unpractised, gradually took possession of his soul, and led to the complete fulfilment of his evil destiny.
unprecedented	The preparations were made on an unprecedented scale.
unprecedentedly	It was left untouched by Mahommedanism, and for an unprecedentedly long period kept Europeans at bay without wasting its strength in hostilities.
unpredictable	Darian had a quick wit that was as unpredictable as his actions.
unpredictably	The odd shape of the Classic Kong makes it bounce unpredictably when dropped or thrown, so dogs get lots of exercise and mental stimulation when they play with these toys.
unpredictability	With spring weather's unpredictability, it's best to be prepared for whatever the day has in store.
unprejudiced	Afterwards, in his Kritik der reinen Erfahrung (1888-1890), Avenarius aimed at giving a description of pure experience which he identified with the natural view of the world held by all unprejudiced persons.
unpremeditated	Contrary to all the rules of war then in vogue, he fought a piecemeal and unpremeditated battle, with.
unprepared	Caught unprepared, he took the full force of it on his cheek.
unpreparedness	This very unpreparedness, however, rendered still less excusable her treatment of the Irredentist agitation, which brought her within a hairs-breadth of a conflict with Austria.
unpretending	The unpretending mansion near by was built by Archibald Douglas, 1st earl of Forfar (1653-1712).
unpretentious	On the east side of Abdin Square is Abdin palace, an unpretentious building used for official receptions.
unprincipled	If it were not so unprincipled and shameful it would be laughable and pathetic.
unprintable	What he would think of Debenhams is probably unprintable!
unprivileged	These vigils are further distinguished as privileged and unprivileged.
unprinted	Erbkam states that his unprinted writings would make more than another four folios.
unprocessed	As with most unprocessed foods, the cardinal rule is to buy fresh caviar.
unproductive	The meeting was unproductive of good.
unprofessionalism	The poster boy for unprofessionalism, he's entered the ring himself a few times.
unprofessional	It was totally unprofessional – as it was right now discussing their problems with Sam.
unprofitable	The post was unprofitable, and Wagner's life at this period was very unsettled.
unprogressive	The methods of agriculture are still unscientific and unprogressive.
unpromising	It is unnecessary to follow out the history of these somewhat unpromising attempts.
unpronounceable	Even though commercial laundry detergents tend to be filled with unpronounceable chemical ingredients, finding the items that you need to make homemade laundry soap is not difficult.
unpropitious	But his father, forsaking that trade, took to farming at an unpropitious time.
unprosperous	It was unhealthy and unprosperous.
unprotected	Explosive mixtures of marsh-gas and air may be fired by an unprotected light.
unproved	Dean didn't comment on Fred's unproved assumption.
unproven	Why should I confuse you with unproven suppo­sitions that may be totally irrelevant?
unprovided	The coast, however, is unprovided with a single good harbour.
unprovoked	Hitler invaded Poland in an act of unprovoked aggression.
unpunished	Italian action was hastened by news that, in December 1884, an exploring party under Signor Bianchi, royal commissioner for Assab, had been massacred in the Aussa (Danakil) country, an event which aroused in Italy a desire to punish the assassins and to obtain satisfaction for the still unpunished massacre of Signor Giulietti and his companions.
unpublished	St Vincent scarcely left him, and has given the most extraordinary testimonies (as yet unpublished) of his heroic virtues.
unputdownable	But there is still much to value in this book and at times it is utterly unputdownable.
unqualified	After two months of close confinement Paschal consented to an unqualified renunciation on his part of the right of investiture.
unquestionable	Enough has already been said as to the relations between the missionaries, the Boer farmers and the Hottentots; this grievance, however, proved quite secondary to the intensity of feeling with which the colonists saw the steps taken by the government to deprive them of that labour (slave labour) over which they claimed an unquestionable right of property.
unquenchable	But the spirit of the evangelists was unquenchable.
unquestioned	Napier's priority in the publication of the logarithms is unquestioned and only one other contemporary mathematician seems to have conceived the idea on which they depend.
unquestioning	The system of government is autocratic, unquestioning obedience being required throughout all ranks.
unquestionably	This is unquestionably good.
unquestioningly	These latter notions show plainly, what indeed might be inferred from a study of the list as a whole, that it represents the moral experience of the monastic life, which for some centuries was more and more unquestioningly regarded as in a peculiar sense religious.
unquiet	But his own mind was more unquiet than ever.
unrated	A great achievement for horror cinema at the time as the film was released unrated, a big gamble that paid off.
unratified	It was again put down in 1559, and was finally forbidden to the clergy of the English Church by the unratified canons of 1571 (Report of the sub-committee of Convocation, 1908).
unravel	How did you unravel all that?
unreachable	Solar energy is not as unreachable as many think.
unread	An unread text message blinked on the screen. 4got 2 tell you.
unready	These minor enemies were, however, unready and their troops were mostly of indifferent quality.
unreadable	His face was unreadable, his gaze steady.
unrealistic	It was unrealistic to think two people could spend a lifetime together and never squabble about anything.
unrealizable	But there are gaps in Kant's system - a imperfect gap between sensation and the sense-forms of time and space; a gap between sense-forms and thought; a gap between the lower but practicable processes of the Understanding and the higher but unrealizable ideas of Reason.
unreal	The unusual language and repetition made the story seem unreal.
unrealistically	If the price seems unrealistically low, there is a good chance the boots are counterfeit.
unreality	To the saintliness of the cloister he added the wisdom of the man of the world; he was constant in misfortune, not elated by prosperity, never carrying things to the sweating-point', but preserving, in a time of universal corruption, unreality and self-indulgence, a nature sweet, pure, self-denying, unaffected.
unrealized	Moreover, the writer no doubt intended that his reader should take the accuracy of the prediction (?) already accomplished to be a guarantee for the accuracy of that which was still unrealized.
unreasonableness	Wollaston also published anonymously a small book, On the Design of the Book of Ecclesiastes, or the Unreasonableness of Men's Restless Contention for the Present Enjoyments, represented in an English Poem (London, 1691).
unreasonable	It was an unreasonable request, and yet his response angered her.
unreasoned	I repeatly have made it clear that I value reasoned over unreasoned belief.
unreasonably	If the pay for a job sounds unreasonably high, be very cautious.
unreasoning	A mad, unreasoning terror rose up in me at the sight, Mr. Holmes.
unreclaimed	Nobrega's first act was one which has exercised the most beneficial influence over the social system of Brazil, namely, the establishment of a college on the then unreclaimed plains of Piratininga.
unrecognizable	A completely original poem, whatever that is, might be unrecognizable.
unrecognized	It is obvious that such a right was a novelty hitherto unrecognized by any system of law.
unreconciled	Critics have also urged that Kallay; fostered the desire for material welfare at the cost of every other national ideal; that, despite his own popularity, he never secured the goodwill of the people for Austria-Hungary; that he left the agrarian difficulty unsolved, and the hostile religious factions unreconciled.
unreconstructed	Gleefully unreconstructed punks, they thieve equally from the Sex Pistols the Dead Kennedys and the Clash's weakness for dub reggae.
unrecorded	Here the unrecorded years of Christ's boyhood were spent.
unredeemed	The state banks, already hampered by maladministration, were encumbered by huge quantities of real estate which had been taken over as compensation for unredeemed mortgages.
unreduced	Q 1 The Unreduced Generating Function Which Enumerates The Covariants Of Degrees 0, 0' In The Coefficients And Order E In The Variables.
unrefined	The recommended diet for those with diabetes calls for complex carbohydrates such as whole (unrefined) whole grains, plenty of fresh vegetables and fruits, with an overall intake of foods that are low in fat and high in fiber.
unreflective	Speaking generally, however, we must pronounce him unprogressive, since, on the whole, unreflective in regard to his ends.
unreformed	An ambitious, energetic sister of Ivan, well known in Russian history as Sophia Alexeyevna,instigated the stryeltsi(strelitz), as the troops Sophia of the unreformed standing army were called, to upset Alexey- the arrangement.
unpeopled	These self-governing colonies with their spheres of influence, with vast areas still unpeopled, have a future before them which is dissociated from the methods of an over-peopled Europe, and among them the preservation of peace is the direct object and condition of their progressive development.
unregenerate	Samuel Hopkins laid even greater stress than Edwards on the theorem that virtue consists in disinterested benevolence; but he went counter to Edwards in holding that unconditional resignation to God's decrees, or more concretely, willingness to be damned for the glory of God, was the test of true regeneration; for Edwards, though often quoted as holding this doctrine, protested against it in the strongest terms. Hopkins, moreover, denied Edwards's identity theory of original sin, saying that our sin was a result of Adam's and not identical with it; and he went much further than Edwards in his objection to means of grace, claiming that the unregenerate were more and more guilty for continual rejection of the gospel if they were outwardly righteous and availed themselves of the means of grace.
unregulated	Breeding is unregulated and natural selection prevails.
unrelaxed	As a rule the minimum tariff has been applied, after negotiation, and thus is the tariff in practical effect; yet its rates are still high, and, most significant of all, agricultural products are granted no reductions whatever as compared with the maximum tariff, there being heavy and unrelaxed duties upon grain, animals, meats and the like.
unrelieved	There is also an unrelieved sternness, which pains us by its contrast with Isa.
unregistered	The separation of church and state is provided for by the constitution, and both the nation and the states are forbidden to establish, subsidize or restrict the exercise of any religious worship. Foreigners are eligible to Brazilian citizenship, and the right of suffrage is conferred upon all male citizens over twenty-one years of age, except beggars, illiterates, the rank and file of the armed forces, members of monastic orders, &c., bound by private vows, and all unregistered citizens.
unrelated	I need to look into bringing some unrelated mares to the ranch.
unrelenting	The king dead, the months from January to May 1793 were spent in an unrelenting struggle between Marat and the Girondins.
unreliable	She proved to be unreliable on set and was fired from the project.
unremarkable	Each was nearly a copy of the others, unremarkable in its cold formality.
unremitting	To the army he gave unremitting attention, reviewing it at regular intervals, and sternly punishing negligence on the part of the officers.
unremittingly	He for once worked steadily and unremittingly at his task.
unremunerative	The low price of grain, which was imported in huge quantities from Sicily and other Roman provinces, operated to crush the small holder, at the same time as it made arable farming unremunerative.
unrepealed	On the other hand, the Odense Recess of the 10th of August 1527, which put both confessions on a footing of equality, remained unrepealed; and so long as it remained in force, the spiritual jurisdiction of the bishops, and, consequently, their authority over the free preachers (whose ambition convulsed all the important towns of Denmark and aimed at forcibly expelling the Catholic priests from their churches) remained valid, to the great vexation of the reformers.
unrepairable	A lemon is any car that has a continual and unrepairable defect that affects the car's value, safety and use.
unrepentant	Digby was the first to mount the scaffold, which he did unrepentant.
unrepresentative	The cause of these evils he declared to be the unrepresentative character of the Irish constitution; and among the remedies he proposed was the shortening of parliaments.
unreported	In 1896, though previously unreported in Germany, 107 cases were registered there, and the number rose to 295 in 1900, and 1030 in 1901.
unrepresented	The chevrotains of India and the Malay countries are unrepresented.
unrequited	Unrequited love could wreak havoc on a conscience.
unreservedly	Enriched by these, the countess was able to take an honourable place in society, and many persons believed her relations with Marie Antoinette, of which she boasted openly and unreservedly, to be genuine.
unresisted	The route followed by Alexander, though he also crossed at Thapsacus, took him unresisted across the northern parts; but the poor people of Mesopotamia suffered from the measures taken by their satrap Mazaeus to impede Alexander's progress.
unreserved	In the reserves the trees of commercial value can only be cut under a licence returning a revenue to the state, while unreserved trees can be cut by the natives for home consumption.
unresponsive	Darian sat, hunched and unresponsive on the far side.
unresolved	That's what they do; chase old unresolved cases.
unrest	It was a time also of great social unrest.
unrestrained	Weller asked the question amid an unrestrained chuckle.
unrestricted	Finally, in 1838, the unrestricted right of lecturing was restored to him.
unrevealed	The ultimate source of God's actions is something either unintelligible or unrevealed.
unrevised	Thorold Rogers published in the Academy, 28th February 1885, a letter of Smith to William Pulteney, written in 1772, from which he thought it probable that the work lay unrevised and unaltered in the author's desk for four years.
unrewarded	Philosophy proceeds to show that in fact vice is never unpunished nor virtue unrewarded.
unripened	The tips of unripened wood should be cut back about one-third their length at an outwardly placed bud, and the chief pruning thereafter required will be to cut away inwardly directed shoots which cross or crowd each other and tend to confuse the centre of the tree.
unrighteousness	To the last he maintained the narrow standpoint of Pusey and Keble, in defiance of all the developments of modern thought and modern scholarship; and his latter years were embittered by the consciousness that the younger generation of the disciples of his school were beginning to make friends of the Mammon of scientific unrighteousness.
unripe	The acid may also be prepared from the juice of unripe gooseberries.
unrighteous	After a careful investigation of the official documents, Cobden became convinced that those were utterly unrighteous proceedings.
unrivaled	His collection of antiques was unrivaled and perfectly coordinated, as if he'd meandered through history to hand-pick them.
unroll	Unroll the parchment paper, and use the tape measure to mark a rectangle that is 16 inches long by 11 inches wide.
unrivalled	It so remained, unrivalled in every respect, till 1873.
unroofed	This structure stood until the Reformation, when it was unroofed and suffered to fall into ruin.
unruliness	He seems to have regarded them as a kind of garrison against feudal unruliness, while the rents they furnished increased his financial resources.
unruly	One face stood out, a shock of unruly red hair waving in the wind.
unruffled	He took another sip of his coffee, unruffled.
unsafe	If it weren't so unsafe, he'd take her with him.
unsaid	One unsaid word that I can say To take away a wrong.
unsalaried	The department of education is intrusted to an unsalaried board of nine commissioners, appointed by the mayor with the approval of the second branch of the council for a term of six years, three retiring every two years.
unsaleable	In 1706 appeared the True Relation of the Apparition of one Mrs Veal, long supposed to have been written for a bookseller to help off an unsaleable translation of Drelincourt, On Death, but considerable doubt has been cast upon this by William Lee.
unsalted	Crunchy carrot sticks or unsalted nuts make a tasty alternative to crisps.
unsanitary	Due to the general unsanitary conditions, the disease was difficult to contain.
unsalvageable	You think I'm unsalvageable?
unsatisfactorily	It is generally accurate in f acts but written in an unsatisfactorily eulogistic vein.
unsatisfied	Union with the unpleasant, separation from the pleasant, unsatisfied craving, are each a result of individuality.
unsatisfying	Human life, Koheleth declares, is unsatisfying.
unsaved	A later view, adapted to the Christian one, represents the portions of light in the unsaved as actually becoming lost.
unsaturated	These last two compounds are termed unsaturated, whereas ethane is saturated.
unsavoury	The flesh is dry and unsavoury, but is permitted meat for Hindus, even of the Brahman caste.
unscheduled	To the total astonishment of the Belgians, Lumumba takes the floor in an unscheduled address that shatters the paternalistic charade in progress.
unsatisfactory	Primary education is in a very unsatisfactory state, and primary schools very scarce.
unscathed	They were not unscathed, but the Russians were suffering far more severely.
unscented	I only use unscented products.
unschooled	Howard Gardner is the author of The Unschooled Mind .
unscholarly	Many of these have been not only apologetic, but unscholarly; that is, however, not the case with all.
unscientific	No one can deny the general unscientific, uncritical nature of medieval thought.
unscramble	The jumble games give you a word to unscramble.
unscriptural	The doctrine of the sphericity of the earth was still held by the more learned, but the heads of the church held it to be unscriptural.
unscrew	Unscrew the blades and evaluate each one in turn.
unscrewed	Toby had said before they left the Sanctuary.  Rhyn unscrewed the lid of the full bottle, recognizing the scent of Katie's blood at once.  It made his body roar to life, and he realized just how hungry he was.  He'd foregone food after her death, hoping to starve himself.
unscripted	Everyone has something touching or amusing to say, but the movie maintains a feeling of being entirely natural and unscripted.
unsealed	There are at present in existence four copies of Magna Carta, sealed with the great seal of King John, and several unsealed copies.
unscrupulously	In March we find him unscrupulously eager in the prosecution of the alleged Irish Catholic plot.
unscrupulousness	An energy which never slackened, a doggedness which no adversity could crush, a fiery ambition coupled with the coolest calculation, and a diplomatic unscrupulousness which looked always to the end and never to the means, these were the salient qualities of the reconstructor of the dismembered Danish state.
unscrupulous	He was too unscrupulous and self-centred to play for anything but his own hand.
unsearchable	We are heirs of what v 8 calls 'the unsearchable riches of Christ '.
unseasonably	An unseasonably cool morning turned into a perfect day.
unseasonable	Several days of unseasonable melt had boiled the river to a noisy torrent of cascading water.
unseated	It happened so fast that in spite of his warning, she was nearly unseated.
unseat	The ATV climbed over large rocks, threatening to unseat them both at any moment.
unseasoned	If nothing else, it's better to try new things than get stuck on plain burgers and unseasoned eggs.
unseaworthy	It was of about 180 tons burden, and in company with the Speedwell sailed from Southampton on the 5th of August 1620, the two having on board 120 Pilgrims. After two trials the Speedwell was pronounced unseaworthy, and the Mayflower sailed alone from Plymouth, England, on the 6th of September with the zoo (or 102) passengers, some 41 of whom on the lzth of November (o.s.) signed the famous Mayflower Compact in Provincetown Harbor, and a small party of whom, including William Bradford, sent to choose a place for settlement, landed at what is now Plymouth, Massachusetts, on the 11th of December (21st N.s.), an event which is celebrated, as Forefathers' Day, on the 22nd of December.
unsecured	Many small businesses will be among the unsecured creditors who will benefit.
unsectarian	In 1798 Joseph Lancaster, himself a Friend, opened his first school for the education of the poor; and the cause of unsectarian religious education found in the Quakers steady support.
unseemly	Every face bore almost the same smile, expressing unseemly thoughts about the women.
unsegmented	As central organs we have to note the brain-lobes and the longitudinal lateral cords which form one continuous unsegmented mass of fibrous and cellular nerve-tissue.
unseen	Forests and fields beyond the camp, unseen before, were now visible in the distance.
unselfish	But it is most noteworthy that the barons, while providing for the abolition of abuses which affect themselves, show an unselfish and patriotic spirit in laying down the rule that all the concessions which the king makes to them shall also be extended by themselves to their own sub-tenants.
unselfishness	Even those who most bitterly attacked his measures admitted the purity and unselfishness of his motives.
unselfishly	If he had known what was happening, Josh would have unselfishly given his instant support.
unsentimental	Hard-hitting and unsentimental, they are strong and memorable books celebrating the individuality of the lives of ' ordinary ' women.
unset	Any number of variable names can be passed to the unset command.
unsettlement	In 1865 the synod of that province, in an urgent letter to the archbishop of Canterbury (Dr Longley), represented the unsettlement of members of the Canadian Church caused by recent legal decisions of the Privy Council, and their alarm lest the revived action of Convocation should leave us governed by canons different from those in force in England and Ireland, and thus cause us to drift into the status of an independent branch of the Catholic Church.
unsettle	I managed to really unsettle a few people, which was nice.
unsettling	She had the unsettling feeling that he was about to disappear from her life forever.
unshackled	But he preferred keeping himself at liberty to serve his countrymen unshackled by official ties, and declined the invitation.
unshakable	And truly though the enemy was twice stronger than we, we were unshakable.
unsettled	The sensations unsettled him, but he forced himself to turn away.
unshaped	This is not necessarily the case with the worshipper of aniconic or unshaped gods.
unshakeable	Dirty and run down in parts, incredibly chic and modern in places, Budapest has an unshakeable charm.
unshed	Carmen's throat constricted and unshed tears stung her eyes.
unshaven	His clothing was ripped and his face unshaven.
unshaken	When the crisis came, he alone remained unshaken in his faith.
unshod	When transported in groups, horses must wear halters (unless they are unbroken) and their hind feet must be unshod.
unshorn	To leave the locks unshorn during an arduous undertaking in which the divine aid was specially implored, and to consecrate the hair after success, was a practice among various ancient nations, but the closest parallel to the Hebrew custom is found in Arabia?
unsightly	The bare veld is dotted with these unsightly buildings for a distance of over fifty miles.
unsigned	He himself also wrote unsigned pamphlets justifying the campaign of 1870.
unskilful	His work is known to us through thirty manuscripts; but the earliest of these cannot be dated much earlier than the year 1000; and all are defaced by interpolations which give to the work so confused a character that critics were long disposed to treat it as an unskilful forgery.
unskilled	They are composed principally of peasants, unskilled workmen and other manual laborers.
unsmiling	Cynthia was there, seated alone in a cramped corner, looking beautiful in something summery, short and yellow, unsmiling but nodding in acknowledgment of his greeting.
unsnap	This allows you to unsnap the cuffs and roll them up with ease - a great option when you are wearing a brightly colored or patterned long-sleeved top underneath.
unsocial	Finally, the practice of rhetoric and eristic, which presently became prominent in sophistical teaching, had, or at any rate seemed to have, a mischievous effect upon conduct; and the charge of seeking, whether in exposition or in debate, not truth but victory - which charge was impressively urged against the sophists by Plato - grew into an accusation of holding and teaching immoral and unsocial doctrines, and in our own day has been the subject of eager controversy.
unsociable	I also have a very friendly Labrador and an unsociable cat !
unsold	It remained in Mantegna's studio unsold at his death, and was disposed of to liquidate debts.
unsolicited	A final word on email - NEVER I repeat NEVER EVER open any unsolicited email attachment.
unsound	On a conviction of selling or exposing for sale, or having in his possession or on his premises unsound meat, the court may also revoke the licence.
unsophisticated	German Catholicism was still in a very raw, unsophisticated state.
unsolved	Not with this unsolved issue hanging over their head.
unsparing	His unsparing reviews made bad blood with the pillars of the university.
unspeakably	He was so ungainly, so pimply about the head, so scaly about the legs, yet so serene, so unspeakably satisfied!
unsown	The importance of the information, meagre as it is, lies in the fact that Adam received from the lips of kinsmen of the explorers (as the Danes in a sense were) certain characteristic facts (the finding of grapes and unsown grain) that support the general reliability of the Icelandic sagas which tell of the Vinland voyages (in which these same facts are prominent), but which were not put into writing by the Norsemen until later - just how much later it is not possible to determine.
unspeakable	The unspeakable deeds of this animal who held us were well known to me, vicariously, through the notes of Howie's visits to his past.
unspecified	The remainder are unspecified, but the following tribes or classes among Indian Mussulmans are worthy of notice.
unspecialized	Origin from Primitive or Stem Forms. - As already observed, the same principles apply to groups of animals as to organs and groups of organs; an organ originates in a primitive and unspecialized stage, a group of animals originates in a primitive or stem form.
unspent	The form only asked me to declare any unspent convictions and mentioned nothing about cautions.
unsparingly	He saw clearly and exposed unsparingly the causes which retarded the progress of Ireland.
unspoken	They'd gone unspoken too long.
unspoiled	Alaska is home to some of America's most unspoiled frontiers.
unspoilt	It is, indeed, often impressive from the evident earnestness of the writer, and from his sense of the gravity of his subject, and is unspoilt by rhetoric or conceit.
unspotted	The coat is unspotted at all ages, with a whitish area in the region of the tail.
unstained	But his long reign is unstained by a single ignoble deed, and he devoted himself heart and soul to the promotion of the material and spiritual welfare of Denmark.
unstable	The new empire was unstable from the first.
unsteadily	Jenn rose unsteadily and looked down at herself.
unsteady	She gave a startled squeal and fumbled on the unsteady ladder.
unsteadiness	The sole piece of evidence, from which probable conclusions may be drawn, is that three separate measurements of price fluctuations over some forty years reveal a growing unsteadiness of late, whether they be expressed absolutely or as percentages of price.
unstinted	To the first part unstinted praise must be accorded; it may be said that, with the materials at the author's disposition, it hardly admitted of improvement, except in trifling details.
unstoppable	He's unstoppable otherwise, she explained.
unstratified	In New England also a wellestablished drainage undoubtedly prevailed in preglacial times; but partly in consequence of the irregular scouring of the rock floor, and even more because of the very irregular deposition of unstratified and stratified drift in the valleys, the drainage is now in great disorder.
unstressed	Simple vowels in unstressed syllables are short, whatever the following consonant.
unstriped	Here, alone, at the distal portion of the tendon, occur muscular fibres, but these are unstriped, belonging to the category of cutaneous muscles.
unstructured	It looked, without prejudice, a moment of unstructured argy-bargy.
unstudied	The lack of accurate knowledge regarding the past of the Chinese Empire may possibly some day be supplied, as European scholars become more able to explore the unstudied stores in the great Chinese libraries, or as Chinese students ransack the records of their country for the facts of earlier periods.
unstuck	When you do, make sure you are careful how you go about it, or you could come seriously unstuck.
unsubdued	The Welsh were unsubdued; the French were plundering the southern coast; Northumberland was fomenting trouble in the north.
unstylish	However, keep it simple for denim styles; too many embellishments can make shorts look too busy and unstylish.
unsubstantial	It was not long before the unsubstantial character of all these undertakings.
unsubstantiated	As yet these claims are unsubstantiated.
unsuitable	The climate is in general warm, but not torrid nor unsuitable for Europeans.
unsuitability	Parents of one or both individuals may bring up what they consider to be the unsuitability of the match.
unsuccessfully	He tried unsuccessfully to appear wounded.
unsung	It's a great place to find an unsung hit that will kick start your new obsession.
unsullied	If we want justice, we must be in a position to ask it with unsullied hands..
unsuited	Africa which are unsuited to Hevea.
unsuccessful	When the first two tries proved unsuccessful, tempers frayed even more.
unsupported	The allies, however, continued to retreat, but unfortunately Vandamme, with his single corps and unsupported, issued out of the mountains on their flank, threw himself across their line of retreat near Kulm, and was completely overwhelmed by sheer weight of numbers (29th).
unsupervised	Boys younger than Royce were working unsupervised.
unsurpassable	The earthquake at Lisbon, which appalled other people, gave Voltaire an excellent opportunity for ridiculing the beliefs of the orthodox, first in verse (1756) and later in the (from a literary point of view) unsurpassable tale of Candide (1759).
unsurprising	The entertainment that families view on TV mirrors what is happening in society, so it is unsurprising that some violence is part of regular programming.
unsurprisingly	The summing up begins with an unsurprisingly harsh summary from the prosecution barrister.
unsurveyed	I Unsurveyed 12,48764
unsurpassed	As a fighting general he was unsurpassed.
unsure	Unsure whether to move away from him or verbally fend him off, she did neither.
unsuspecting	It was equally obvious that the group was uniform in their ability to poke fun at one another as well as an unsuspecting visitor.
unsuspected	But though comparatively disregarded now, when his day comes, laws unsuspected by most will take effect, and masters of families and rulers will come to him for advice.
unsuspicious	But at the crowning moment of trial there are those who assert their belief that the woman who on her way to the field of Corrichie had uttered her wish to be a man, that she might know all the hardship and all the enjoyment of a soldier's life, riding forth in jack and knapscull - the woman who long afterwards was to hold her own for two days together without help of counsel against all the array of English law and English statesmanship, armed with irrefragable evidence and supported by the resentment of a nation - showed herself equally devoid of moral and of physical resolution; too senseless to realize the significance and too heartless to face the danger of a situation from which the simplest exercise of reason, principle or courage must have rescued the most unsuspicious and inexperienced of honest women who was not helplessly deficient in self-reliance and self-respect.
unsustainable	His lifestyle was the epitome of unsustainable living.
unsweetened	Silk also sells organic versions of its three popular flavors, Vanilla, Original, and Unsweetened.
unswervingly	From the beginning the state has been unswervingly Democratic, save in the Reconstruction years, though often with heavy Whig or Republican minorities.
unswerving	Fleetwood was a strong and unswerving follower of Cromwell's policy.
unsymmetrical	The most famous is the first, which is doubly misnamed, since it is not a temple and its contour is too unsymmetrical to be described properly as elliptical.
unsymmetrically	The plan of the temple is chiefly remarkable for the unsymmetrically placed door leading from the back of the cella into the opisthodomus.
unsystematic	Throughout its history, therefore, dialectic has been connected with that which is remote from, or alien to, unsystematic thought, with the a priori, or transcendental, rather than with the facts of common experience and material things.
unsympathetic	But other annoyances were not wanting from unfaithful disciples and unsympathetic critics.
untainted	Darkyn wants the untainted vial.
untangle	Your hair should be quick to dry and easy to untangle.
untamed	It made him all the more untamed, unlike Romas's sculpted beauty.
untapped	Extrasensory perception (ESP) deals largely with the untapped powers of the human mind.
untarnished	He was handsome, conciliatory and agreeable, and a man of refined taste and untarnished honour.
untaught	Skill in modern laboratory work is as far out of the reach of the untaught as performance on a musical instrument.
untaxed	The completion of the Assuan dam by ensuring a fuller supply of water enabled 20,000 acres of land, previously unirrigated and untaxed, to be brought under cultivation in the three years 1903-1905.
unteachable	But the spirit and the movements were those inimitable and unteachable Russian ones that Uncle had expected of her.
untenable	On the 21st of January Dr Saenz Pena at last perceived that his position was untenable, and he handed in his resignation.
untenanted	The new castle, an uninteresting building, was erected in 1724 by the earl of Fife, and though untenanted is maintained in repair.
untended	If the grease is left untended it can harden and grow crusty.
untested	Many of these chemicals are untested and often not even listed on the label.
unthinking	Common sense and flexibility, not unthinking adherence to a methodology.
unthinkable	The relation between cause and effect is unthinkable.
untidy	The princess was as untidy as her father was tidy.
until	We went to bed and slept until morning.
untie	It was tempting to untie the twine from her waist and wander a little further, but the forest was too confusing.
untied	Gabriel untied the knot from the rope.
untilled	On the infertile Bagshot Beds the large area of the New Forest remains untilled under its ancient oaks.
untimely	You know, when Mary put in her untimely appearance.
untiring	Otto had untiring perseverance and relentless energy.
unto	In peace let us pray unto the Lord.
untitled	One product I've found after trying so many on the market that really combats creasing eye shadows without fail from MAC Cosmetics is called Paints, and the shade I prefer because it works on almost every skin-tone is, Untitled.
untouched	He left his beer untouched.
untouchable	Also, some can become untouchable in their own minds.
untold	On the other hand, when we learn a new word, it is the key to untold treasures....
untoward	If you see anything untoward, please let us know.
untraceable	She was untraceable in the shadow world, until she emerged somewhere else.
untrained	The second ban consists of untrained men between the ages of thirty-nine and forty-five.
untrammelled	He undertook to seize the fortress of Sveaborg by a coup de main, and, Finland once secured, Sprengtporten proposed to embark for Sweden, meet the king and his friends near Stockholm, and surprise the capital by a night attack, when the estates were to be forced, at the point of the bayonet, to accept a new constitution from the untrammelled king.
untrodden	The road to that eastern kingdom is not untrodden by the Huns; already they have marched fifteen days from a certain lake, and have ravaged Media.
untrimmed	He looks too old for his years, but quite unbroken; the character of a veteran sage has fully imprinted itself on his countenance; the features are grand, clear and deeply lined, the mouth firmly set and almost stern, the eyes strong and intent beneath their bushy eyebrows, the hair flows untrimmed over his shoulders and commingles with a majestic beard.
untried	Experiments are also conducted to test the merits of new or untried varieties of cereals and other field crops, of grasses, forage plants, fruits, vegetables, plants and trees; and samples, particularly of the most promising cereals, are distributed freely among farmers for trial, so that those which promise to be most profitable may be rapidly brought into general cultivation.
untreated	Mice in the study that received treatment remained healthy for almost a year after untreated mice succumbed to the disease.
untroubled	Kaerst and Beloch continue to give the ordinary chronology untroubled.
untrue	It was untrue to be sure, but still it was terrible, and she could not help thinking of it.
untrustworthiness	But the Prussians having studied their allies in the war of 1864 knew the weakness of the Austrian staff and the untrustworthiness of the contingents of some of the Austrian nationalities, and felt fairly confident that against equal numbers they could hold their own.
untruthful	Try to answer honestly; most tests will have built in consistency checks to identify untruthful responses.
untrustworthy	Even now they are entirely untrustworthy in this respect.
untruth	Lying can be by telling a direct untruth or by not telling the complete truth.
unturned	No stone left unturned until I see the blood of my tipster-nemesis flood the ground beneath her panicked body.
untutored	Beneath the surface of brilliant social culture lurked gross appetites and savage passions, unrestrained by medieval piety, untutored by modern experience.
unusual	It was unusual having nothing to do.
unusable	Dean looked down at the two holes in his belt, now rendered unusable.
unusualness	The movements Alston devises are almost always delectable, wisely inventive without shouting their unusualness.
unutterable	The third name is the name unutterable which means the All.
unused	Martha glanced over to the dresser and Dean's unused hairbrush.
unutilized	Why let a hint of spring pass by unutilized?
unvarnished	The first portion deals with Patrick's career down to his arrival in Ireland and contains an unvarnished statement of fact.
unveil	I get to unveil the newest high tech gadgets.
unvarying	In the West the period after Galen affords little evidence of anything but a gradual though unvarying decline in Roman medicine.
unverified	The problems of geography had been lightened by the destructive criticism of the French cartographer D'Anville (who had purged the map of the world of the last remnants of traditional fact unverified by modern observations) and rendered richer by the dawn of the new era of scientific travel, when Kant brought his logical powers to bear upon them.
unusually	Last October I heard of an unusually bright little girl in Texas.
unverifiable	It would be largely unverifiable and would seriously undercut our negotiations on arms reduction.
unvisited	The pass, though comparatively unvisited, offers the grandest scenery'in the district.
unvoiced	The sound was that of the unvoiced dental stop. The English t, however, is not dental but alveolar, being pronounced, as d also, not by putting the tongue against the teeth but against their sockets.
unwanted	A horrible thought burst unwanted into her mind.
unwarlike	Having a good title to military distinction himself, he could afford, as the unwarlike emperors could not, to be generous to his officers.
unwarrantable	His conduct may be excused on the ground that the bishops were subjected to unwarrantable intimidation.
unwashed	When freed from excess of water it is laid on a sheet of thick white blotting-paper, and a piece of smooth washed calico is placed upon it (unwashed calico, on account of its facing, adheres to the sea-weed).
unwary	It made me think again about the dangers that can face an unwary restaurateur.
unwarranted	An unwarranted seizure for debt was fined, as was the distraint of a working ox.
unwavering	His brow was low and his eyebrows dark, making his unwavering gaze even more intense.
unwearied	He gives an account (chapter viii.) of the unwearied efforts made by himself and his agents to collect books.
unwearying	To his unwearying zeal and business ability the triumph secured was chiefly due.
unwell	Little Nicholas had been unwell for four days.
unweighted	The unweighted median gives similar results to earlier ORAC-DR versions.
unwelcome	His tone and expression awoke an old unwelcome feeling.
unwholesome	I never allow my daughters to touch any thing so unwholesome!
unwilling	At first I was rather unwilling to study Latin grammar.
unwieldy	The synthetic method employed by him was too unwieldy for common use.
unwillingly	In 1303 the pope unwillingly ratified the treaty.
unwind	He'd messed around with Jenn only a few hours earlier and already felt the need to unwind again.
unwillingness	This offer he refused from unwillingness to quit his own country and his family connexions.
unwisdom	The fact that a considerable number of people sheltering under trees are killed by lightning is generally accepted as a convincing proof of the unwisdom of the proceeding.
unwise	Being Alex's sister, that seemed an unwise choice.
unwisely	The Whig leaders unwisely took up the challenge and impeached Sacheverell.
unwitting	She's an unwitting participant.
unwittingly	Unwittingly, she had set Alex up for a fall.
unwonted	The climax soon came; for as his unwonted severity increased so did my grief and wounded pride.
unworldly	He had some unworldly views on things, she mused.
unworkable	He proclaimed for the constitution drawn up by the Cortes in 1812, which was unworkable, and which the chiefs of the conspiracy did not propose to restore.
unworn	Babydoll 60's unworn top and knickers set - aqua green and cream lace The must-have sleep set for your girlie slumber party!
unworldliness	The very pettiness of the details in which the good seneschal indulges as to his own weakness only serves to enhance the sublime unworldliness of the king.
unwounded	In spite of his reckless exposure, he was one of the few unwounded officers.
unwound	Dean slowly unwound himself from behind the steering wheel and crossed to answer it.
unworthy	It will give you no trouble and is nothing unworthy of you, but it will comfort me.
unwrap	Now, here's a present I can't wait to unwrap.
unwritten	This unwritten law in some districts is supreme.
unwrought	Lord Avebury regards it as a temple of the Bronze Age (150o - 1000 B.C.), though apparently it was not all erected at one time, the inner circle of small unwrought, blue stones being probably older than the rest (Prehistoric Times).
unyielding	Unyielding, even with his attempts to breach her mind and influence her.
up	Then he picked up another box.
upas	It was generally understood that Gladstone intended to deal with three great Irish grievances the three branches of the Glad- upas tree the religious, agricultural and educa stones tional grievances.
unzip	Search through Premade Web Templates and pick the one that would work best with the content you plan to have on the site, download and unzip the file, and start modifying the .html and .css files to suit your particular needs.
upbeat	His voice held an upbeat note and natural warmth that she liked.
update	I'll update your address list virtually over the next few years.
upbraiding	Excited and vexed by the failure and supposing that someone must be responsible for it, Toll galloped up to the commander of the corps and began upbraiding him severely, saying that he ought to be shot.
upbringing	I wouldn't wish my upbringing on anyone else.
upcast	In a mine with shafts opening at the same level, natural ventilation once established will be effective during cold weather, as the downcast will have the temperature of the outside air, while the upcast will be filled with the warm air of the mine.
upheaval	If nothing else, all this upheaval had given him back his musical voice.
upgrowth	The process carrying the otolith outer side of a or concretion hk, formed by endoderm cells, is tentacle, two enclosed by an upgrowth forming the vesicle, nerves run round which is not yet quite closed in at the top. the base of the (After Hertwig.) tentacle to it.
uphill	Individuals went to England and spoke wherever they could get a hearing, but it was uphill work.
upholder	He now began to be regarded as the chief upholder of Protestantism in the ministry; he lost favour with Charles, and on Sunday, the 9th of September 1673, was dismissed from the chancellorship. Among the reasons for this dismissal is probably the fact that he opposed grants to the king's mistresses.
upholster	If you're goal is to upholster furniture, you'll need a durable heavy weight fabric.
updo	A rhinestone barrette held her hair in a messy updo.
upgrade	He'd used the excuse of HQ moving to Miami a year before to upgrade everything in the room.
upholstered	The furniture was worn and rustic with wooden frames and upholstered cushions.
uphold	Constantine accepted the decision of the council and resolved to uphold it.
upholsterer	Maybe we can point you in the direction of a local upholsterer.
upholstery	One-third to be deducted off repairs to and renewal of woodwork of hull, masts and spars, furniture, upholstery, crockery, metal and glassware, also sails, rigging, ropes, sheets and hawsers (other than wire and chain), awnings, covers and painting.
upload	His cell rang before it could upload the number of voicemails and texts.
upkeep	The cost of its upkeep is more than 6000 a year, and of the Hondsbossche Zeewering 2000 a year.
upmost	We will do our upmost to keep your email address private and will only use your email address and other contact details.
uplift	Assume first, however, that there is no uplift from intrusive water.
uppermost	The new town hall and post-office are near the uppermost bridge.
uppercut	While a right uppercut knocked back Cannon ' s head, you couldn't help but feel that the writing was on the wall.
upland	The upland flora is the more diversified.
uppercase	This tag name is very important and should always be in uppercase.
uppity	They've been getting a bit uppity, you see.
upon	We will look upon you as enemies.
upper	It looked like you had the upper hand.
uprightness	His career was distinguished by uprightness, by piety, by a devotion to duty, by courage and consistency.
upraised	These upheavals, however, are not always permanent, the upraised land sometimes settling back to its former position.
uprising	Glorious is thine uprising from the horizon.
upriver	They even take the unusual step of traveling upriver to consult sexy soothsayer Tia Dalma (Naomie Harris ).
upright	A moment later he sat upright in bed.
uprise	The Miocene lacustrine deposits are contained in a number of silted-up lakebasins, which were successively formed and obliterated during the uprise of the Alps and the continuous folding and bending of the earth's crust which was so striking a feature of the period.
uproar	Cade ignored the uproar and gave proper attention to his meal.
uproarious	Club 9 is uproarious slice-of-life, fish-out-of-water comedy as crafted by the inimitable creator of What's Michael?
uproot	Many, including the Hasidim, thereupon flocked to his standard, and set themselves to revive Jewish rites and to uproot Paganism from the land.
upshot	The upshot is a psychological account of what from one aspect is evidence, from the other, belief.
upstage	Line upper and lower lash lines with MAC eye pencil in Ebony for definition that won't upstage your blue peepers.
upside	Everything in the house is also turned upside down.
upstanding	This line was originally designed as a plateway on the Outram system, but objections were raised to rails with upstanding ledges or flanges FIG.
upset	The kid was already too upset about something.
upstairs	The upstairs bedroom would become an office.
upstream	Brutus wandered upstream, pausing to lap at the cool water.
upstate	Alex, my best friend, who lives in upstate New York, would be driving into the city the same day we arrive.
upstart	I decided that I would show this young upstart how to attack a good bend.
upstroke	Their principal use is to give a sharp jar to the drill on the upstroke so that the bit is dislodged if it has become jammed in the rock.
uptight	By wearing a shirt that seeks to amuse, the wearer lets others know that he's not uptight or unapproachable.
upsurge	Far from there being an upsurge in investment, the real level remains sluggish.
ups	He told edifying tales for infants and immature grown ups.
upswing	In recent years, there has been an upswing in vitamin D deficiency.
upthrust	An object floats if the upthrust of the water is strong enough to support its weight.
upturn	For 2008, we are forecasting a modest upturn in the pace of UK GDP growth, to 2.5% .
upwards	She found herself watching Gabriel as he stretched upwards to fix the lights.
uptake	The DNA present in these cells could become ' available ' for uptake by soil microorganisms.
uptown	Fred came into the room, fresh from his uptown trip.
upwind	Most wind generators produced today are what is called an upwind design.
uranus	He was the son of Poseidon (or Uranus) and Gaea.
uranium	Uranium is chemically related to chromium, molybdenum and tungsten.
urbane	He was always well informed and brought an urbane authority to everything he did.
urbanization	Increased urbanization and the poor sanitation led to many diseases.
upward	Keeping along the long wall, she inched her way upward, sticking to the shadows.
urdu	Speaks - Pick from a range of languages, including Italian, Dutch, and Urdu.
urchin	By what instinct has the urchin acquired this skill?
urbanity	His natural urbanity allowed him to rule without seeming to rule.
urban	It was a scene from another time as Dean's friend and his smiling wife handed the reins to the urban couple.
ureter	The ureter drains urine from the kidney into the bladder.
ureteric	Renal cell carcinomas can present with ' clot ' colic similar in nature to ureteric colic due to renal calculus.
ureteral	However, among the many abnormalities of ureteral development, duplication is quite common.
urethral	The vulva or pudendum comprises all the female external generative organs, and consists of the mons Veneris, labia majora and minora, clitoris, urethral orifice, hymen, bulbs of the vestibule, and glands of Bartholin.
urea	Dry chlorine gas passed into melted urea decomposes it with formation of cyanuric acid and ammonium chloride, nitrogen and ammonia being simultaneously liberated.
urgency	There was urgency in his voice.
urgently	He stopped, tugging her hand urgently as he turned toward the door.
urinal	He wrote also a medical work, The Urinal of Physic (1548), frequently reprinted.
uric	A continuation of their work on bitter almond oil by Liebig and Wohler, who remained firm friends for the rest of their lives, resulted in the elucidation of the mode of formation of that substance and in the discovery of the ferment emulsin as well as the recognition of the first glucoside, amygdalin, while another and not less important and far-reaching inquiry in 'which they collaborated was that on uric acid, published in 1837.
urethra	The orifice of the urethra is about an inch below the glans clitoridis and is slightly puckered.
urgent	What was so urgent that it couldn't wait?
urinate	By the time he returned home he could not urinate any more.
urge	She fought back the urge to run.
urinary	The early history of these ducts is indicated in the article on the Urinary System.
urination	Heavily nitrated hay is reputed to produce excessive urination and irritation of the bladder.
urn	Another was a funeral urn for a Great Dane's ashes.
urologic	Among boys who are circumcised, most have no penile, urologic, or sexual dysfunction as adults.
urogenital	Urogenital system Abnormal kidney function has been observed in clinical studies.
urology	Now that she has increased her remit to include urology, she works with two Clinical Service Unit Directors and two Clinical Governance Forums.
us	You didn't tell us it was her birthday.
urticaria	Thus Echinococci contains a leucomaine which sets up an urticaria; Cysticercus tenuicollis occasions anaemia and death if injecte-1 into rabbits; and the cystic fluid of the common Coenurus serialis is said to be used by Kirghizes to poison wolves.
usability	In this way, you may sacrifice a fair bit in usability.
use	I figured you could use the rest.
used	He used to be a pretty good mechanic.
useful	He has a useful gift.
usd	The magazine subscription price of around $25 USD per year is small compared to the vast amounts of helpful hints, tips and information it offers about home winemaking.
usaf	Up till then the USAF had no problem with pilots using amphetamines on a regular basis.
usable	It is therefore not very difficult to produce a usable eyepiece.
useless	As strong as he was, it would be useless to resist.
uselessly	His fleet, too, lingered uselessly in the harbour, till after a defeat in which Eurymedon perished, though the simultaneous land attack was unsuccessful.
usefully	Though all true cast iron is brittle, in the sense that it is not usefully malleable, i.e.
usenet	Sources used include gopher, USENET News, the World Wide Web and various listserves.
usa	It was the approach proposed by the sciences education board of the national research council in the USA.
usefulness	However, here was where the gift's usefulness ended.
urine	Thymol may colour the urine green.
uselessness	The affections die away - die of their own conscious feebleness and uselessness.
usher	He became usher of a grammar school in Leicestershire; he resided as a.
usage	Probably the recognition and appointment of elders was simply the transfer from the synagogue to the Church of a usage which was regarded as essential among Jews; and the Gentile churches naturally followed the example of the Jewish Christians.
usually	His usually calm face showed excitement.
usherette	Peg then worked as a cinema usherette in the King's cinema in Dundee where she met her second husband.
uss	They are based on the USS Saratoga, commanded by Commodore Ross (Tucker Smallwood).
usufruct	From the third millenium onward, private creditors waged a struggle to obtain the land's crop usufruct at the expense of the palace.
usurious	The acts were directed to restrain the lending of money at usurious rates.
ussr	For decades, the USSR had dominated world chess.
usurpation	The usurpation of power on the part of the richer members was not always effected without opposition.
usurp	This decision will usurp the powers of the commitee.
usurper	When the usurper was in turn driven out by a Cyprian noble, Evagoras, fearing that his life was in danger, fled to Cilicia.
utensil	Most people will be more than willing to change gloves or use a clean utensil if you ask.
usury	Meantime much evil arises from usury in the poorer districts.
uteri	This opening in a uterus which has never been pregnant is a narrow transverse slit, rarely a circular aperture, but in those uteri in which pregnancy has occurred the slit is much wider and its lips are thickened and gaping and often scarred.
ut	This spirit of do ut des will be found to go closely with the gift-theory of sacrifice, and to be especially characteristic of those religions of middle grade that are given over to sacrificial worship as conducted in temples and by means of organized priesthoods.
utilization	They involve high cost in fuel and labour, but permit the utilization of the waste gases.
user	They provide information such as reviews and user ratings.
uterine	Passing on, we find not uterine duct.
utilitarianism	Thus we pass from Egoistic to Universalistic hedonism, Utilitarianism, Social Ethics, more especially in relation to the still broader theories of evolution.
utopia	For as a romance the Utopia has little interest either of incident or of character.
utmost	She smiled and said with the utmost sincerity, I love it.
utopian	Fortunately for Russia the autocratic power was now in the hands of a man who was impressionable enough to be deeply influenced by the spirit of the time, and who had sufficient prudence and practical common-sense to prevent his being carried away by the prevailing excitement into the dangerous region of Utopian dreaming.
utilitarian	Utilitarian trees and plants are legion.
utopianism	He was not deterred by the fear of ridicule or the reproach of Utopianism from associating himself openly, and with all the ardour of his nature, with the peace party in England.
utterly	It was so utterly beautiful - so serene.
usual	As usual, he was right.
utility	Going from zero to one puppy might increase your utility a great amount.
utterance	His utterance was interrupted by frequent coughing; every sentence came out with a struggle.
utter	Unable to utter the word, are you?
uttermost	Ferdinand drove to the uttermost the advantages of his victory.
utilize	She will only utilize it for common good.
uterus	We had to remove the uterus — but you still have your ovaries.
uvula	The roof of the mouth is formed by the palate, terminating behind by a muscular, contractile arch, having in man and a few other species a median projection called the uvula, beneath which the mouth communicates with the pharynx.
uxorious	Yet he became deeply attached to his wife, and proved in fact nearly as uxorious as his father.
uva	Salicylates, octylsalicylate, and homosalate offer moderate levels of protection against both UVA and UVB light, but the range of light waves against which they protect is relatively narrow.
vacancy	His going away left a vacancy in our lives that has never been filled.
vac	I have a whole line of all natural odor elimator products I sell, including a patented product called FRESHEN VAC.
vacation	This was a vacation, not an isolation camp.
uv	A sign for uv also probably existed, but does not occur in the known inscriptions.
vacate	We can then vacate the hall and continue chatting in a local pub.
vacantly	An hour later she found herself staring vacantly into the fire again.
vacationer	The vacationer was also interested in the history of the island.
vaccinate	Vaccinate your children and yourself for H1N1.
v	Hence the work done in raising the mass will be represented by mg v 2 /2g, that is, Zmv 2 ergs.
vacant	The cottage was vacant and the windows boarded up for the winter.
vacillate	You can watch them vacillate all day long trying to decide whether to wear a red shirt or a blue one.
vaccinia	Progeny vaccinia and human cytomegalovirus particles utilize early endosomal cisternae for their envelopes.
vacillating	He was weak, vacillating and ineffective as a politician, lacking in judgment and decision, and without any great parliamentary talent.
vacillation	But he could never pledge himself frankly in one sense or the other, and this vacillation prevented him from attaining any decisive results.
vacuity	In both genera, as in the okapi, there is a vacuity in front of the orbit.
vaccination	Taking the vaccination will help to boost your immune system in preparation for the winter.
vacua	Many other devices have been introduced for facilitating the production of vacua.
vacuolar	It is often vacuolar, sometimes granular, and in other cases it is a homogeneous body with no visible structure or differentiation.
vacuolated	The latter are vacuolated, and contain each a nucleus and several dark granules.
vacuole	The naked cells which have been alluded to live in water, and call therefore for no differentiation in connection with this necessity; but those which are surrounded by a cell-wall always develop within themselves a vacuole or cavity which occupies the greater part of their interior, and the hydrostatic pressure of whose contents keeps tha protoplasm in contact with the membrane, setting up a condition of turgidity.
vagabond	They too led a vagabond existence, renouncing home, families and possessions.
vacuous	It's not vacuous, or wasn't meant to be.
vagal	Adverse effects include bradycardia, hypotension and vasodilatation due to reduced sympathetic drive, histamine release and specific vagal effects.
vaccine	In 1879 a vaccine for cholera was invented.
vacuum	The liquid is then evaporated under a vacuum of 27 to 28 in.
vagina	This vagina is sometimes of exaggerated size.
vaginitis	Without treatment threadworm may give rise to vaginitis (inflammation of the vagina) in girls and women.
vaginal	He confirmed my worst fears - a bad vaginal prolapse.
vaginally	Women with partial previas will usually need a c-section due to bleeding problems, but those with marginal previas can often deliver vaginally.
vagrant	While leading this vagrant and miserable life, Johnson fell in love.
vain	The child tried in vain to keep up.
vagueness	He buried his meaning in vagueness and niceties.
vaguely	I vaguely remember him as the resident nerd.
vague	She rolled her eyes at the vague response.
valance	All appear to be in excellent condition, the canopy even retaining its intricate valance.
vagrancy	In Belgium the institutions for the repression of vagrancy are maintained by the state under a law of November 27th, 1891.
vainly	He examined his hand carefully, vainly trying to find blood on it.
vale	Steep rocky hills enclose the vale.
valedictorian	Jen, the valedictorian of her class, was to attend Ryder College in New Jersey and major in English Literature.
valedictory	At graduation he delivered the valedictory address for his class.
vagus	The terminals of the vagus nerve are also stimulated, causing the heart to beat more slowly.
vainglorious	This failed to subdue the monks, whom the Archbishop of Volinsk described as a band of soft-brained idiots led by a vainglorious hussar.
vainglory	He did not hesitate to flaunt his great personal vainglory in public.
valerian	The choice was left to the senate, who unanimously selected Valerian (afterwards emperor).
valency	These saturation capacities were assidu- valency.
valence	The number of neutrons and protons is such that the valence nucleons occupy the same orbitals.
valenciennes	On the side of Belgium the danger of irruption through neutral territory, which has for many years been foreseen, is provided against by the fortresses of Lille, Valenciennes and Maubeuge, but (with a view to tempting the Germans to attack through Luxemburg, as is stated by German authorities) the frontier between Maubeuge and Verdun is left practically undefended.
valet	And my valet can go in your carriage.
valediction	I bid you all a fond valediction, but I must move on.
valeting	Metro car valeting are a well established North East based car valeting business.
valentine	Valentine Day isn't until next month.
valiant	Ali was a valiant man, but had no great talent as a ruler.
valid	The chapter title poses a valid question.
validate	Have Jenn twist a few arms for details and to validate the intercepts.
valiantly	The Medinians fought valiantly, but could not hold out against the well-disciplined Syrians.
validly	The courts have accepted that goods may be validly distrained in this way.
validity	The Maryland Court of Appeals sustained the validity of this act.
valise	She picked up a small valise and lifted her skirt as she stepped off the boardwalk into the dust.
validation	According to Halle, she believes they can raise a happy and well-adjust child without formal legal validation of their relationship.
vallum	Secondly, there is the so-called Vallum, in reality no vallum at all, but a broad flat-bottomed ditch out of which the earth has been cast up on either side into g Bremen (Rochester) ijffabilasrciu.n
valor	The one who responded with greatest valor would win.
valley	She followed him across the valley and up a steep slope.
valorous	Indeed, the Englished Linschoten provides another important illustration of English imperialism, while expropriating the valorous deeds of another nation.
valour	He also displayed great valour in the field.
value	That would increase the value of the house.
valuables	Lock your car at all times; never leave valuables in open sight.
valuation	In 1908 the assessed valuation of the city was $267,039,754.
valueless	Amidst much that is valueless there are some useful notices concerning the state of agriculture at the time in different parts of England.
valved	For pumping a well a valved working-barrel with valved sucker is attached to the lower end of the tubing, a perforated anchor being placed below.
valuable	They selected the most valuable food items and buried them.
valvular	Whilst absolutely contra-indicated in all cases of valvular disease, it is of value in cases of cardiac hypertrophy with over-action.
valve	On this tube is a spring valve which is opened by pressing a lever.
vampiric	Peter Savidge's vampiric Don is all slicked-back hair and white evening gloves, a pair of which are discarded after every attempted seduction.
vampirism	Sarah usually made her beaus understand that vampirism isn't all it is cracked up to be, and she would not wish this life on anyone.
vampy	With the vampy lipstick/nude eye look, do you have any tips for balancing the eye makeup with the lips?
valued	Bologna hemp is specially valued.
vanadium	The distillate is freed from vanadium by digestion with sodium amalgam.
vanadate	When fused with caustic soda, hydrogen is liberated and a vanadate is formed.
vandal	The town was taken by the Vandal Genseric in A.D.
vandalism	The forest is now protected as a national reserve against vandalism and commercialism.
vanguard	Genuine working class partisans want to see that vanguard organized.
vamp	She'd just turned a vamp back into a human.
vanish	Didn't he vanish somewhere?
vanished	It also vanished at the Restoration.
van	The van was in a road side pull off.
vane	A motor will be used to make a weather vane.
vanillin	Woody or lignified cell-walls appear to contain substances called conifer-in and vanillin, in addition to various other compounds which are imperfectly known.
vanishing	The vanishing of this invariant is the condition for equal roots.
vanquished	The Moors being vanquished, now came the turn of the Jews.
vanquish	At all times it was believed that Ormazd would ultimately vanquish Ahriman.
vanilla	Cane sugar and vanilla are the chief exports.
vapid	Nobody wants a university to be an educational factory which turns out mindless, dull, vapid, students.
vapor	Whenever the weather changes a vapor is exhaled, which I consider very detrimental to health.
vantage	Small clusters of people were gathered at every vantage point.
vanity	She was sitting at the vanity table brushing her hair when he returned.
vampire	The vampire moved towards her.
vaporization	The latent heat of vaporization of mercury was found by Marignac to be 103 to 106.
vaporizer	We give it from a Goldman halothane vaporizer in series with a halothane vaporizer in series with a halothane vaporizer, using a gauze in the bowl to increase evaporation.
vaporizing	In 1826 Dumas devised a method suitable for substances of high boiling-point; this consisted in its essential point in vaporizing the substance in a flask made of suitable material, sealing it when full of vapour, and weighing.
vaporize	The corresponding intensity at the sun's surface is 4.62 X Io 4 as great, or 6.79 X Io 4 kilowatts per square metre = 7.88 X Io 4 horse-power per square yard - enough to melt a thickness of 13.3 metres (=39.6 ft.) of ice, or to vaporize 1.81 metres (=5.92 ft.) of water per minute.
vaporous	It is an element which has no right to this country, except in a solid or vaporous state.
vapour	It is very volatile, the vapour being heavy and very inflammable.
variably	It 's variably a good lead sound that makes the difference between a dancefloor smash and just another track.
variant	In historical texts also variant readings occur in considerable number.
variation	There is a good deal of variation in the colour of the fur, the prevailing tint being grey.
variability	The result is a variability of terrestrial latitudes generally.
variational	Our aim is to provide a consistent theoretical foundation which allows for model error in variational assimilation.
variance	There are other sayings in the book that appear to be at variance with its fundamental thought.
varicella	Early treatment with IV acyclovir is recommended for infants in this exposure category who develop varicella despite VZIG prophylaxis.
varices	Shell turriculated and siphonated, thick, each whorl with varices; foot broad and truncated anteriorly; pallial siphon well developed; proboscis present.
variable	It is a matter of common observation that the blue of the sky is highly variable.
variegate	For many years, it was believed to be due to a genetic disorder that caused variegate porphyria.
variegation	The breeder bulbs and their offsets may grow on for years producing only self-coloured flowers, but after a time, which is varied and indefinite, some of the progeny break, that is, produce flowers with the variegation which is so much prized.
varicose	If the child has veins that appear to be varicose, the doctor should be consulted.
variety	They chatted amiably about a variety of things.
varietal	It has more than one advantage over the meadow mushroom in its extreme commonness, its profuse growth, the length of the season in which it may be gathered, the total absence of varietal forms, its adaptability for being dried and preserved for years, and its persistent delicious taste.
variegated	One variety of the horse-chestnut has variegated leaves, and another double flowers.
variorum	In appearance and careful editing it leaves nothing to desire, containing the entire works, a lexicon, full bibliographical information, and an album of illustrations of the poet's places of residence, his arms, some title-pages of his plays, facsimiles of his writings, &c. Nothing is wanting but variorum comments, which Lefevre's edition supplies.
varied	My delight in them is as varied as my moods.
varmint	I am sure you noticed that Remington has now come up with a varmint rifle featuring electric ignition.
varnished	It is a sturdy studio easel made from varnished beechwood.
varying	In winter the varying depth of snow may exert an appreciable effect.
varnish	A plaster cast of the type is, when dry, saturated with shellac varnish and redried.
various	She said nothing, barely nodding in response to the various greetings.
variously	The lessons, as has been seen, are drawn variously from the Bible, the Acts of the Saints and the Fathers of the Church.
varsity	This gives them a chance to see just how the varsity cheer squad really makes it happen, as well as an opportunity to shine - the cheer coaches and other squad members will watch to see who may be ready for tryouts.
vas	Aristotle held that the vas or active intelligence alone is immortal.
vase	Alex glanced at the vase of dandelions on the counter and nodded.
vaseline	Next, to avoid discomfort for your beloved pooch, it is wise to apply a little mineral oil or Vaseline around his eyelids.
vascular	The root differs from the shoot in the characters of its surface tissues, in the absence of the green assimilative pigment chlorophyll, in the arrangement of its vascular system and in the mode of growth at the apex, all features which are in direct relation to its normally subterranean life and its fixative and absorptive functions.
vary	The seams vary in thickness.
vasectomy	He says, Doc, we've got 10 kids, we don't want any more, can I have a vasectomy?
vassalage	In 1503 we find him fighting in Corsica in the service of Genoa, at that time under French vassalage, and he took part in the rising of Genoa against the French, whom he compelled to evacuate the city.
vasomotor	It is just a question, however, whether, even in instances such as these, the nutritional failure may not be explained upon the assumption of withdrawal of the local vasomotor control.
vast	He was so tall there was a vast difference in their height.
vastly	Everything which flies is vastly heavier than the air.
vassal	An instance of the latter is furnished by John of Margat, a vassal of the seignory of Arsuf.
vatic	My dreams often feel quite vatic in nature.
vastness	Do you ever ponder the vastness of the universe?
vat	A vat receipt will be included with your order.
vatted	Similarly, it has been said that, strictly speaking, there is no such thing as vintage champagne, for it is almost invariably the practice, in order to maintain the general character of a specific brand, to blend the new wines with some old wine or wines which have been vatted for this particular purpose.
vatican	Not long after the return of the pope the amity between the Vatican and the Tuileries was again broken.
vaudeville	At 15, he toured the New England Vaudeville Circuit as a juggler, unicyclist, magician, and comedian.
vault	We'll seal the vault the best we can.
vaulting	She let go, dropping into a heap on the ground then vaulting to her feet and running.
vaunted	The long-promised abolition of the grist tax was not explicitly mentioned, opposition to the railway redemption contracts was transformed into approval, and the vaunted reduction of taxation replaced by lip-service to the Conservative deity of financial equilibrium.
vaulted	Darian ran to the wall of the orchard and vaulted over.
vc	The vena cava (vc) is always found to the right of the Spigelian lobe and dorsal to the stalk of the caudate.
vcr	The VCR was nearly derailed over the issue of copyrights.
vdu	Text at graphics cursor VDU 5 causes text to be written at the graphics cursor position.
veda	Three hymns in the Rig Veda are addressed to him.
vedette	Their items range from super sexy to cozy comfort in brands that include Delta Burke, Bali and Vedette.
veal	Veal is the one kind of meat generally consumed.
vector	The anomaly is then the angle BFP which the radius vector makes with the major axis.
veering	Cold water soaked Lana's boots as Dan kept them on the creek's edge for a few hundred meters before veering into the surrounding forest.
vee	Two FV engines glued together in vee formation by means of a magnesium block casting became the Double Four Valve or DFV.
veer	They will panic and veer away from your sudden move.
vegetable	Today, I have a vegetable garden in my backyard.
veg	The only veg not enjoying the weather are the runner beans - they need a little more heat to get going.
vegetarian	This breakfast place serves several vegan and vegetarian dishes.
vegetal	It is noteworthy that he sought to establish the identity of organic and inorganic matter by help of the facts of vegetal and animal nutrition.
veganism	Raw veganism is exactly what it sounds like.
vega	Lope de Vega dedicated to him a celebrated play entitled Las Almenas de Toro (1619), and when Castro's Comedias were published in 1618-1621 he dedicated the first volume to Lope de Vega's daughter.
vegetate	Flower Garden, &c. - Sow in the beginning of this month all halfhardy annuals required for early flowering; also mignonette in pots, thinning the plants at an early stage; the different species of primula; and the seeds of such plants as, if sown in spring, seldom come up the same season, but if sown in September and October, vegetate readily the succeeding spring.
vehement	He was a vehement opponent of the new law.
vehemently	Still, it wasn't the first time they had vehemently disagreed on something.
vegetarianism	He tried vegetarianism for a while, but gave it up when he found that it did him no particular good.
vehemence	The vehemence of his temper was controlled by an affectionate disposition.
vehicular	The bridge, which is used for vehicular traffic, dates from 1790-1794.
vegetative	The plants show great diversity in vegetative structure.
vegan	My order for a vegan meal may flummox the chef at the steakhouse.
veiled	The smile faded from his lips and the dark eyes veiled over again.
veil	The music started as Katie pulled the veil forward.
vegetation	The vegetation of Krakatoa was completely exterminated in 1883 by a thick coat of red-hot pumice.
veining	The veining of a cherry petal, for example, the tessellation of a carps scales, the serration of a leafs edgeall these lines remain intact, spared by the cutters tool, while the leaf itself, or the petal, or the scales of the fish, have the threads forming them cut so as to show the velvet nap and to appear in soft, low relief.
veiling	Dulce glanced at her father and then at Carmen, her dark eyes barely veiling contempt.
veined	In some cases such as Delesseria, Neurymenia, Fucus, Alaria, the leaf-like structure is provided with a strengthening mid-rib, and when as in Delesseria it is also richly veined the resemblance to the leaf of a flowering plant is striking.
vela	Garcia was murdered by the sons of Count Vela of Ala va whom he had despoiled, and Sancho took possession of Castile, giving the government of it to his son Fernando, (Ferdinand I.), with the title of king, and taking the name of king of the Spains for himself.
vehicle	She climbed onto the vehicle and settled on the soft cushion.
vein	A genuine vein of philanthropy has always existed in the Quaker body.
velcro	I used self adhesive Velcro to fix in place.
velar	The foot now protrudes below the mouth, and the post-oral hemisphere of the trochosphere grows more rapidly then the anterior or velar area.
veldt	The barne- sword of Maurice decided the issue in favour of the veldt.
veld	On the low veld cotton is grown.
vellum	It is written on thin vellum in four columns CUs.
velum	Here the medusoid, attached by the centre of its ex-umbral surface, has lost its velum and sub-umbral muscles, its sense organs and mouth, though still retaining rudimentary tentacles.
velour	A lovely English vintage evening jacket, in the softest black velour, dating to circa 1930.
velveteen	Dressed all over in black velveteen with a black cap sporting a gorgeous green feather on his curly brown hair.
velvety	The grass around the creek was new, giving it a velvety look.
velvet	She reached into the velvet pouch.
venality	The venality of the electors became notorious.
vena	Both present the appearance of diminutive clusters of grapes, at the anterior end of the kidneys, close to the suprarenal bodies, separated from each other by the descending aorta and by the vena cava where this is formed by the right and left vena iliaca communis.
venal	Next to the Roman Uniats (whom they term Rassen or Venal) they most hate the Nestorian Syrians of Persia.
venation	A leaf with only a single midrib is said to be unicostate and the venation is described as pinnate or feather-veined.
velocity	The wind velocity did not exceed 20 km.
vendee	In May 1793 he was temporarily replaced as commander of the National Guard in Paris, so that he might take command of a force which he had organized to operate in La Vendee.
vendetta	They had all along maintained a virtual independence of the Turks and until quite recently retained their medieval customs, living in fortified towers and practising the vendetta or blood-feud.
veneer	In the Italian Renaissance, only a thin veneer of society's elites participated in the creation or ownership of the frescos, music, statues, and paintings; most were only passive observers.
vending	The thin walled EPS cup offers the operator many advantages over alternative vending cups.
veneering	The monotony and lifelessness of this form of architecture are shown in the meaningless way in which details, suited only to the Venetian methods of veneering walls with thin marble slabs, are copied in the solid marbles of Verona.
venerable	On the box beside the driver sat a venerable old attendant.
venerate	As a liberal conservative, I venerate Mill as a great man.
vendor	The vendor is usually made to eat the charge.
veneration	His mask of veneration slowly turned into a licentious grin.
venereal	Laser therapy, although more expensive, is often used for treating venereal warts that are more extensive.
venery	Thus beasts of forest (the five wild beasts of venery) were the hart, the hind, the hare, the boar and the wolf.
venezuelan	No effort is made to improve the Venezuelan product, a part of which is exported to Cuba for cigar making.
vengeful	His parent's actions seem very vengeful and an overreaction for what he did.
venial	A venial sin, for you acted without evil intention.
vengeance	He wanted vengeance after his bike was stolen.
venipuncture	Most often, the blood sample is collected by venipuncture (using a needle to collect blood from a vein in the arm ).
venetian	The mother smoothed the folds of her dyed silk dress before a large Venetian mirror in the wall, and in her trodden-down shoes briskly ascended the carpeted stairs.
venison	They lived principally upon fish, venison and honey.
venom	She spoke, venom in her voice.
venomous	Of reptiles the lizard and chameleon are common, and there are a number of venomous serpents, though these are not so numerous as in other tropical countries.
vent	There was one vent in the ceiling, not large enough for her hand let alone her body.
venous	A central venous pressure line may help monitor fluid replacement.
ventilation	Ventilation will still require constant care.
venting	For a decade the natives enjoyed their independence, destroying nearly all vestiges of Spanish occupation, and venting their wrath particularly upon the churches.
ventilate	The solution is to carefully ventilate the greenhouse to reduce the humidity and water early in the morning not at night.
ventilating	Air ducts are a major part of heating, ventilating and air-conditioning (HVAC) systems.
ventrally	The basisphenoids are ventrally overlaid, and FIG.
ventilator	The woman was hooked to a ventilator and IVs, her battered face clean and pale.
ventilatory	Each ventilatory mode was applied for 1 h in a randomized order.
ventricular	A small amount of 96% ethanol is injected into the septal artery inducing a localized infarction in the ventricular septum.
ventricle	The ventricle leads into a single anterior median aorta.
ventriloquist	April is a ventriloquist who is addicted to her puppets.
ventriloquism	I used to call myself a Wizard, and do tricks of ventriloquism.
ventral	The right ventricle occupies the ventral portion of the heart.
venture	He has no venture in the present.
venturesome	He was fond of sailing and the coastguards said they always kept a sharp look-out because he was so venturesome.
venue	She asked Elisabeth if she had a date and venue in mind yet.
veracious	He will be veracious only so long as the consequences are not seriously injurious.
veranda	The veranda had no ceiling.
verb	Never let a transitive verb just lay there without an object.
verbal	He gave verbal abuse to people for no good reason.
verandah	Megan stepped off the verandah onto a walkway that led through the garden.
veracity	Veracity is the strongest element of her character.
venus	Teacher says she can see Venus from our window, and it is a large and beautiful star.
verbatim	Most of the matter is taken verbatim from the note-book of one of his students.
verbalization	As the child's anxiety is lowered and confidence increases, verbalization usually follows.
verbalize	Children may or may not verbalize these fears.
verbally	Surely he didn't intend to be verbally invisible the entire visit.
verbena	These were joined by dwarf green kale, purple kale, Swiss chard 'bright lights ', Verbena, Achillea and so on.
verbiage	In any case the length of his work is not the result of verbiage or repetitions.
verbose	The schools were extensive buildings attached to the temples, where from an early age boys and girls were taught by the priests to sweep the sanctuaries and keep up the sacred fires, to fast at proper seasons and draw blood for penance, and where they received moral teaching in long and verbose formulas.
verdant	Verdant forests stretched to the steely sky, a swath of green, brown, and grey.
verbosity	It is true that here and there the creamy richness of his style becomes verbosity, and that he occasionally draws too freely on his inexhaustible store of epithets, metaphors and turns of speech; but these faults, which did not escape the censure even of friendly critics like Quintilian, are comparatively rare in the extant parts of his work.
verdigris	Evidently the idea of the great Yokoya experts, the originators of the style, was to break away from the somewhat formal monotony of ordinary engraving, where each line performs exactly the same function, and to convert the chisel into an artists i It is first boiled in a lye obtained by lixiviating wood ashes; it is next polished with charcoal powder; then immersed in plum vinegar and salt; then washed with weak lye and placed in a, tub of water to remove all traces of alkali, the final step being to digest in a boiling solution of copper sulphate, verdigris and water.
verdure	The verdure had thickened and its bright green stood out sharply against the brownish strips of winter rye trodden down by the cattle, and against the pale-yellow stubble of the spring buckwheat.
valium	Throughout his childhood he was prescribed sedating medications, including diazepam (Valium ).
verger	His father was a gardener, and he himself became first connected with the church in the humble position of verger in the cathedral of Piacenza.
verge	She was on the verge of crying again.
veridical	How can he distinguish veridical experience from welcome illusion?
verifiable	These visions are totally verifiable in current time.
verification	A few experimenters have carried the verification much further.
verify	It is easy to verify this result.
verifier	Of these the first-fruit was his Clave Historial, a work of the same class as the French Art de verifier les dates, and preceding it by several years.
verily	Verily this I know, with all my being.
verisimilitude	It is a nightmare and nothing more, but a nightmare of the most extraordinary verisimilitude and poetical power.
veritable	A six-footer, like David Dean was a veritable giant from her reduced point of reference.
verity	I intimate a broader vision to find endless verity.
veritably	Building on its original focus of creating cosmetics that gave photo shoot subjects a veritably perfect, flawless look, the burgeoning line is now chalk full of products that are both stylish and functional.
vermicelli	The imports are mainly woollen and cotton goods, iron and opium, and the exports include bean cake, bean oil, peas, raw silk, straw-braid, walnuts, a coarse kind of vermicelli, vegetables and dried fruits.
vermiculite	The material is supplied to the contractor as a dry powder made up of cement and exfoliated vermiculite.
vermiform	In association with this movement in a definite direction the body has become vermiform and bilaterally symmetrical.
vermifuge	The vermifuge is given in the early morning, and should consist of the liquid extract of felix mas, male fern, one drachm in emulsion or in capsules to be followed in half an hour by a calomel purgative.
vermin	This proves a temptation to the vermin too great to be resisted.
vermilion	It is in the Vermilion coal region, and clay for brick and tile is abundant in its vicinity.
vernacular	He loved using the vernacular, although it never sounded quite right coming from him.
vermouth	Chocolate, liqueurs and vermouth are also made here.
vernal	At the close of evening twilight the angle is greatest about three weeks before the vernal equinox.
vernation	The Monandreae have been subdivided into twenty-eight tribes, the characters of which are based on the structure of the anther and pollinia, the nature of the inflorescence, whether terminal or lateral, the vernation of the leaf and the presence or absence of a joint between blade and sheath, and the nature of the stem.
vernier	The latter are in fact little microscopes carrying a vernier etched on glass, in lieu of a filar micrometer.
verruca	By contrast, 18 of 66 swimming club members of the same age who used communal showers had a verruca (27 %).
veronica	By the same path it kis received a remarkable contribution from the North Temperate region; such familiar genera as Ranunculus, Epilobfum and Veronica form more than 9% of the flowering plants.
versant	On the western side of the sierras the versant is short, and the streams, while very numerous, are consequently small and rapid; but on the eastern side a number of the rivers attain a very considerable development.
versatility	Lord Hartington soon found himself pushed aside from his position of titular leadership. For four years, from 1876 to 1880, Gladstone maintained the strife with a courage, a persistence and a versatility which raised the enthusiasm of his followers to the highest pitch.
versatile	Galen was one of the most versatile and accomplished writers of his age.
verse	Their verse is of a very primitive description, and is chiefly used for purposes of love-making.
versed	They appear particularly versed in law.
versification	The two parts of this play, like all those by Castro, have the genuine ring of the old romances; and, from their intense nationality, no less than for their primitive poetry and flowing versification, were among the most popular pieces of their day.
versifier	He was a fluent versifier, and would write 50o verses in one night.
version	One human is nothing to him in his version of the big picture, Sasha continued.
verso	On the first edition of the map the text on the verso was contained within two pillars surmounted by a decorative archway.
versus	First there is a medical usage - empirical versus dogmatic medicine.
vert	To the reign of Cnut belong the Constitutiones de Foresta, according to which four thanes were appointed in every province for the administration of justice in all matters connected with the forests; under them were four inferior thanes to whom was committed immediate care of the vert and venison.'
vertebra	The ribs of the second vertebra are not represented.
vertebral	Vertebral column composed of about 50 vertebrae, viz.
vertebrae	The term lumbar vertebrae is inapplicable to birds.
vertebrata	The parasitic Nematodes include by far the greatest number of the known genera; they are found in nearly all the orders of the animal kingdom, but more especially among the Vertebrata, and of these the Mammalia are infested by a greater variety than any of the other groups.
vertebrate	They occur in vertebrate animals throughout the globe, though varying in abundance in different districts and at different times.
vertebrated	In 1830 John Edward Gray commenced the Illustrations of Indian Zoology, a series of plates of vertebrated animals, G w but mostly of birds, from drawings, it is believed by dlcke..
vertex	My cousin built his house on the vertex of the highest hill in the county.
vertical	A man stood next to it, peeking through a slit in the vertical slats.
vertically	It is lifted vertically to the required height !!!!II/III;?
verticil	The long, slender stems, somewhat tumid at the nodes, were ribbed, the ribs running continuously through the nodes, a fact correlated with the superposition of the whorled leaves, the number of which in each verticil was some multiple of 3, and usually 6.
vertices	It consequently has four vertices and six edges.
verticillate	Club-shaped hydranths with numerous tentacles, generally scattered irregularly, sometimes with a spiral arrangement, or in whorls ( verticillate ).
vertiginous	However, there are vertiginous sections on most of the walks.
vertigo	I found that I might have days where I was experiencing mild vertigo.
vervain	Alaric reveals he knows even more about vampires as he uses vervain and fools Damon when Damon tries to compel him.
verve	The stories, though of no special merit as far as the plots are concerned, are told with verve and interest.
very	You love him very much.
vesica	This figure, also known as the vesica piscis, is common in ecclesiastical seals and as a glory or aureole in paintings of sculpture, surrounding figures of the Trinity, saints, &c. The figure is, however, sometimes referred to the almond, as typifying virginity; the French name for the symbol is Amande mystique.
vesicle	M, The water - pore, leading by the stone - canal stc to the waterring, from which hangs a Polian vesicle pb.
vesicular	It is further noticeable that in Rhynchelmis the covering of vesicular cells which clothes the drainpipe cells of the adult nephridium is cut off from the nephridial cells themselves and is not a peritoneal layer surrounding the nephridium.
vest	Next he removed the vest and placed it neatly beside the jacket.
vestal	According to Plutarch she urged her husband to take vigorous action against Catiline, who had compromised her half-sister Fabia, a vestal virgin; also to give evidence against Clodius, being jealous of his sister Clodia.
vesta	Her worship was early transferred to Rome, localized by the Lacus Juturnae near the temple of Vesta, at which Castor and Pollux, after announcing the victory of lake Regillus, were said to have washed the sweat from their horses.
vestibular	In this document we will refer to an enlarged vestibular aqueduct.
vested	The judicial power is vested in a high court and many subordinate courts.
vessel	The subject was how Mary had been a vessel to carry the son of god.
vestibule	The vestibule was filled with the discordant sounds of a struggle and of a tipsy, hoarse voice.
vestige	They are said to have revealed no vestige of religion.
vestigial	Heider bryonic membranes are vestigial or entirely wanting.
vestment	In the East as the West the vestment is specially associated with the ritual of the Eucharist.
vestry	It derived its name from the old place of assembly, the vestry room attached to the church or chapel.
vesture	The soul must be freed from its material surrounding, the muddy vesture of decay, by an ascetic habit of life.
vetch	Besides wheat, the following crops are to a greater or less extent cultivated - barley, millet, sesame, maize, beans, peas, lentils, kursenni (a species of vetch used as camel-food) and, in some parts of the country, tobacco.
veto	Furthermore, in North Carolina the governor has no veto power.
vet	Let him play vet if it made him feel better.
veterinarian	Being a veterinarian is my lifelong dream.
veterinary	There are also veterinary and agricultural colleges in connexion with the university.
vexation	He is in such bad health, and now this vexation about his son is enough to kill him!
vex	But this destruction seems to have been done on purpose to vex us.
veteran	Aleixo de Menezes, a veteran who had served under Albuquerque.
vexatious	He gets a bit vexatious at times.
vexed	He was tired, he was vexed, he hardly knew what he said.
vg	If the artwork looks snowy all over, it is less than VG condition.
vga	The high resolution TFT display is great for watching tiny videos, as is the VGA digital camera for taking those memorable snapshots on the go.
vhf	If that isn't enough, you also get VHF TV audio.
via	He recognized the building via a computer image Betsy provided.
viability	That said, my end hunger case doesn't hang on the viability of GM crops.
viable	It is a completely viable state, with a ski museum and a McDonald's.
viaduct	An internal viaduct of lattice girders carries a double line of rails.
vial	Don't give that vial to Wynn.
viands	The pleasant odor of greasy viands mingled with the smell of smoke.
viaticum	Thereupon, in defiance of the archbishop, the abbe Baradere gave him the viaticum, while the rite of extreme unction was administered by the abbe Guillon, an opponent of the civil constitution, without consulting the archbishop or the parish cure.
vibes	I thought I was picking up on some major vibes out there.
vibrant	She should be with someone as young and vibrant as she is.
vibrantly	This plant has to be one of the most vibrantly hued spurges.
vibrancy	There's a real vibrancy to the Fine Art course.
vibraphone	Our percussion, including pedal timpani, tam-tam, tubular bells, xylophone, glockenspiel and vibraphone, are available for use.
vibrato	Too much vibrato, and completely squeaking past the high notes.
vibratory	We may easily satisfy ourselves that, in every instance in which the sensation of sound is excited, the body whence the sound proceeds must have been thrown, by a blow or other means, into a state of agitation or tremor, implying the existence of a vibratory motion, or motion to and fro, of the particles of which it consists.
vibrator	The Wet Dream is a delicious 6 inch tall finger shaped vibrator packed with extra power from its extra long multi speed vibrating bullet.
vibrio	Polarity is clearly seen in Vibrio cholerae, a highly motile pathogen that swims by rapidly rotating a single polar flagellum.
viburnum	In Sambucus and Viburnum the small white flowers are massed in heads; honey is secreted at the base of the styles and, the tube of the flower being very short, is exposed to the visits of flies and insects with short probosces.
vic	Driven by Hill from Aire on the 2nd of March 1814, Soult retired by Vic Bigorre, where there was a combat (March 19), and Tarbes, where there was a severe action (March 20), to Toulouse behind the Garonne.
vicarage	On top of the hill left, is the old vicarage.
vicar	He was vicar of a small church in the country 150 years ago.
vicarious	I thought we'd finished with the vicarious act of contrition but no such luck.
vicariously	Tina was living vicariously through her daughter, by filling up her day with activities that she had missed out on as a child.
vicariate	When in 1866 the Second Plenary Council of Baltimore considered the matter of new diocesan developments, he was selected to organize the new Vicariate Apostolic of North Carolina; and was consecrated bishop in August 1868.
vice	Vice and disease, which cast such a sombre moral hue over the world, seemed to have hardly any existence for him.
vicegerent	The nation threw itself on the side of the Pharisees; not in the spirit, of punctilious legalism, but with the ardour of a national enthusiasm deceived in its dearest hopes, and turning for help from the delusive kingship of the Hasmonaeans to the true kingship of Yahweh, and to His vicegerent the king of David's house.
viceregal	Other events of this reign were the parliament of Drogheda, held by Sir Edward Poynings, which gave the control of Irish legislation to the English council ( Poynings's Act - the great bone of contention in the later days of Flood and Grattan), and the battle of Knockdoe, in which the earl of Kildare used the viceregal authority to avenge a private quarrel.
viceroyalty	After a struggle between various pretenders to the viceroyalty, in which some pitched battles were fought, Mahommed b.
vicinity	In the vicinity are several fine mansions.
vicinal	One or two benzene nuclei may suffer condensation with the furfurane, thiophene and pyrrol rings, the common carbon atoms being vicinal to the hetero-atom.
viciousness	Martha spat with a viciousness that shocked Dean as much as the officer.
viceroy	He ceased to be viceroy of Sicily in 1678.
viciously	Once she was outside she viciously kicked at a stone.
vicious	She thinks she is some kind of vicious animal.
victimization	Rejection or victimization by peers may become a source of significant stress to children, contributing to feelings of loneliness and low self-esteem.
victim	You stopped Otto's next victim from being abducted.
victimize	It may also create incentives for criminals to victimize the same company again in the belief that no punishment will be forthcoming.
victoriously	The Persians swept victoriously over Asia Minor and North Syria; not however without resistance on the part of Odenathus, who inflicted considerable losses on the bands returning home from the pillage of Antioch.
victor	Victor wanted them all there for a reason.
victorious	Instead of victorious, she felt only regret.
victoria	It's enough to make Victoria really keep a secret.
victory	Victory depends on you.
victrix	The city continued to flourish under the Romans, who made it a colony, with the name Colonia Victrix Julia Nova Carthago.
victorian	Hence it is also called the Victorian Period.
vide	Watch our vide report on the day 's racing.
victualling	The dock and victualling yards occupy together an area of some i oo acres spread over the shores on both sides of those arms of the great harbour known as Dockyard and French creeks, the dockyard being partly on the former, but principally on the latter creek.
vicuna	On the arid plateaus of the north-west, the guanaco and vicuna are still to be found, though less frequently, together with a smaller species of viscacha (Lagidium cuvieri).
videotape	Hmm. Too bad you didn't videotape her, so she could see for herself.
video	We don't simply have more video screens; we now have an infinitude of broadcasters.
view	You have a nice view from your apartment.
vie	See Vie de Pasteur, by Rene Vallerey-Radot (Paris, 1900).
vietnam	More Sellotape was used in the wrapping of Mr John than was used by front-line troops in the Vietnam War.
vietnamese	He was nicknamed Tiger after a Vietnamese soldier.
viewable	The administrator may have enabled RSS syndication, this allows you to view newly created threads in guest viewable forums without visiting the board.
viewpoint	She couldn't agree with him more, but it was an unusual viewpoint for a man.
viewer	She waited until the viewer flashed off before slumping.
vigesimal	The Aztec numerals, which were vigesimal or reckoned by scores, were depicted by dots or circles up to 20, which was represented by a flag, 400 (a score of scores) by a feather, and 8000 (a score of scores of scores) by a purse; but for convenience these symbols might be halved and quartered, so that 534 might be shown by one feather, one quarter of a feather, one flag, one-half of a flag, and four dots.
vigil	She kept her vigil for what must have been several hours.
vigia	In the old city also are the Plaza Vieja, dating from the middle of the 16th century (with the modern Mercado de Cristina, of 1837 - destroyed 1908), the old stronghold La Fuerza, erected by Hernando de Soto in 1538, once the treasury of the flotas and galleons, and residence of the governors, with its old watch-tower (La Vigia); and the Plaza de Armas, with the palace, the Senate building, a statue of Fernando VII.
vigilante	For a time, we had to set up vigilante patrols to protect the area.
vigilance	The citizens organized a vigilance committee and hanged many of the outlaws.
vigilantly	By vigilantly searching these sites, you may be able to find the piece you're looking for.
vigilant	But he watched all public incidents with a vigilant eye, and seized every passing opportunity of exposing departures from sound principle in parliament and courts of justice.
vignette	In addition to Ayesha's personal tragedy, there is a poignant vignette detailing a young boy's infatuation with a mummified woman.
vigor	They battled with great vigor and exaggeration to the cheering of the three younger boys until one turned and noticed her.
viewing	When had he stopped viewing her as a little sister?
vigour	She had inherited vigour of body and mind.
vigorously	Three of the boys nodded vigorously in agreement.
vile	I had to leave the room because of that vile smell.
vigorous	It is vigorous, varied and even picturesque.
viking	The viking ship had but one large and heavy square sail.
vileness	The vileness of such criticism was punished, as it deserved to be, in the Letter to a Noble Lord (1796), in which Burke showed the usual art of all his compositions in shaking aside the insignificances of a subject.
vilify	Why are people so quick to vilify those on the other side of the issue—and why do we even think in terms of sides?
vill	Grampound (Ponsmure, Graundpont, Grauntpount, Graundpond) and the hundred, manor and vill of Tibeste were formerly so closely associated that in 1400 the former is found styled the vill of Grauntpond called Tibeste.
village	Away they went through the village street and out upon the country road.
villa	He died in his villa at Tusculum, regretted and esteemed by all.
villager	Perhaps even to-day the worst fate that can befall a villager after death is to be deprived, not of commemoration in the mass, but of the victim slain for his sins.
villainess	The biggest question that fans ask now is what will happen in the final episodes and will their favorite villainess Tabitha finally get her comeuppance?
villainous	Of course, no self respecting pirate film could ever be complete without the villainous character we all love to hate.
villain	He is a deceiver and a villain, that's plain!
villainy	The situations created by this strange combination of honest diplomacy and secret villainy are described by Priscus with real dramatic power.
villein	Its main task, however, was recording the surrenders and admittances of villein tenants.
villi	The surface of the chorion is covered evenly with minute villi, constituting a diffuse non-deciduate placenta.
villous	What are the surgical implications The histology shows villous atrophy with crypt hyperplasia.
vim	You may not be asked to join an elite squad of Japanese fighters, but when wearing a thermal ninja suit, you'll certainly be full of vim and fight in any weather.
villus	This risk is slightly higher with chorionic villus sampling.
vina	She is represented as a beautiful woman with four arms holding a book, some prayer beads and playing the vina.
vinaigrette	Mains might be beef stroganoff with wild rice or sea bass with warm basil & tomato vinaigrette.
vinculum	Deep plantar tendons connected by a vinculum.
vindicate	Miracles alone cannot vindicate the divinity of immoral doctrine.
vindication	The result for Austria was a triumphant vindication of Metternich's diplomacy.
vindictive	He's a very vindictive man.
vindictiveness	The whole business seems to have been purely a piece of vindictiveness on the part of Biren.
vine	He caught the vine deftly and grinned.
vinegary	Then they turn full-bodied, until they go vinegary and give you a headache.
vinegar	Manufactures include oil, vinegar and measuring-instruments.
vinery	On the north the park is bordered by a vinery producing fine white grapes.
vineyard	The largest is Martha's Vineyard, about 20 m.
vino	Manufactures are of small account, the raw material going mostly to the coast; but olive-oil is made, together with various wines, of which the most famous is the vino d'oro, a sweet liqueur-like beverage.
vinous	Flowers are a deep vinous purple, with pinkish spurs.
vintner	He became a vintner, following his father's trade.
vinyl	Magnesium phenyl bromide gives triphenyl vinyl alcohol.
viola	In Beethoven's orchestration there is almost always room for an independent viola part.
viol	There is a range of books by the internationally acknowledged teacher Alison Crum designed for those learning to play the viol.
violaceous	After he played back their sound a few times three very active violaceous trogons showed up in the tree in front of us.
vintage	The output of the classed growths varies considerably according to the vintage, but is on the average, owing to the great care exercised in the vineyards, greater than that of the lower-grade areas.
violate	Alex wouldn't violate her privacy that way.
violator	As the White and Black Gods of this earth, you are bound by the requirement to turn the violator over to us.
violence	Where did all the anger and violence come from?
violation	He has to do that, or he'd be in violation of rule number one.
violently	When I took her hand she was trembling violently, and began to cry.
violent	I think you mean not as violent as I am.
violet	Tables were covered with white linen table cloths and adorned with violet colored napkins inside light gray napkin holders.
violin	Thus there was quite as much important solo music for the flute as for the violin; and almost more music for the viola da gamba than for the violoncello.
violinist	He appeared in public as a violinist, taking part in Chappell's quartette concerts, and starting a set of classical concerts.
violist	The next day he woke up to find himself the principal violist of the Symphony.
violoncello	In this experiment a great noise was produced, corresponding to a loss of energy, and Joule endeavoured to determine the amount of energy necessary to produce an equal amount of sound from the string of a violoncello and to apply a corresponding correction.
vip	The visitors must be at VIP level, CEO, ministerial, chief archivist or deputy level.
viper	There are several snakes, including the viper (Pelias berus).
virally	The movie was released in 2009 and instantly launched virally throughout the LotR fan base, reaching 6 million downloads by 2010.
vires	A few months later Thomas Cranmer, who had been one of those to discuss sympathetically Luther's works in the little circle at Cambridge, and who believed the royal supremacy would tend to the remedying of grave abuses and that the pope had acted ultra vires in issuing a dispensation for the king's marriage with Catherine, was induced by Henry to succeed Warham as archbishop of Canterbury.
virginal	The birth of Isaac, although not virginal, provides some clue to the unique supernatural character of Jesus ' birth.
viral	Even viral diseases have proven amenable to drug therapy over the past 20 years.
virginity	A highly sensitive and imaginative child, she very early began to practise asceticism and see visions, and at the age of seven solemnly dedicated her virginity to Christ.
virginia	The hills in Virginia were very lovely.
virgin	I guess I was a virgin, studying to be a priest and all.
virgo	At the moment of crossing the equator towards the north the sun is said to be at the first point of Aries; some thirty days later it enters Taurus, and so on through Gemini, Cancer, Leo, Virgo, Libra, Scorpio, Sagittarius, Capricornus, Aquarius and Pisces.
virile	Taureans are strong and virile, whether they are male or female.
vibratile	In most rotifers, on the contrary, the trochus is stronger than the cingulum, often lobed, and with some of its cilia aggregated into vibratile styles homologous with the combplates of Ctenophora (q.v.) and the membranelles of ciliate Infusoria (q.v.).
vibrational	The associated vibrational spectra provide an opportunity to demonstrate the nature of the transition.
verdict	The verdict is given by a simple majority.
vibrate	The direct and reflected systems are practically equal, and by suitably timing the vibrations of the hand for each case the rope may be made to vibrate as a whole, as two halves, as three-thirds and so on.
vibration	Suddenly, I felt a vibration in my back pocket!
virility	The bull is a symbol of strength and virility.
virology	In addition the journal also covers virology, mycology, and parasitology.
virtu	In connexion with the natural history society there is a valuable museum, and the scientific institute possesses a large library and a rich collection of antiquities, coins and articles of virtu.
virtual	In fact, it was a virtual revelation.
virtually	Yet in reality, virtually everyone has.
virtue	I can't deny the power of prayer, or the virtue of tenacity.
virtuosic	Her playing is brilliant but never obtrusive, full of atmosphere and subtly virtuosic.
virtuosity	He showed the virtuosity for which he is starting to become well known.
virtuoso	Franz Liszt was the greatest piano virtuoso the world has ever known.
virtuous	She was the most honest and virtuous woman that he had ever met.
virulence	The disease is seen to have attained its maximum virulence in 1883.
virulent	The worst feature was a virulent outbreak of cholera in Gujarat, especially in the native states.
virulently	Armfeldt virulently hated Napoleon and was a general full of self-confidence, a quality that always influenced Alexander.
virus	The virus cannot live in immunized individuals, nor in nature.
vis	Thus each participant was engaged in developing his or her negotiation skills vis a vis the other participants.
visa	He handed his Visa card back to the cashier.
visage	When the candle was lit, the visage of the person holding it was visible again.
viscera	They are especially remarkable for the small size of the body and the extension of viscera into the legs.
visceral	He had a visceral dislike of Europe.
viscid	Threads of coloured molten glass were spirally coiled round the body, and, whilst still viscid, were dragged into zigzags with a metal hook.
viscometer	Knowing the shear rate, the shear stress can be determined using a viscometer.
viscose	The crinkle viscose fabric is super for traveling, as it both hides and resists creasing.
viscosity	On continuing the heating, the viscosity diminishes while the colour remains the same.
viscount	The titles descended to his son, Henry (1753-1836), the ancestor of the present Viscount Hood.
viscountess	Benjamin Disraeli chose the title of earl of Beaconsfield in 1876, his wife having in 1868 received the title of Viscountess Beaconsfield.
viscounty	The earldom, and the viscounty of the United Kingdom, being limited to heirs male, became extinct, but the barony, being to heirs general, passed to his daughter, Sophia Charlotte (1762-1835), who married the Hon.
viscous	It is the viscous or graisse disease.
vise	There are a variety of successful methods for stress headache relief that helps ease the vise like pressure and constant pain quickly.
visibility	The roads were nearly empty but low visibility made driving treacherous.
visible	Fires were visible on all sides.
vision	Her vision was blurred by unshed tears.
visibly	He stared at her, still visibly shaken.
visionary	Another visionary American colony, led by a certain Adams, came in 1866.
visit	If you're hungry, visit the kitchen.
visitant	Mimus polyglottus, the northern mocking-bird, inhabits the southern part of the United States, being in the north only a summer visitant; it breeds rarely in New England, is seldom found north of the 38th parallel, and migrates to the south in winter, passing that season in the Gulf States and Mexico.
visitation	The visitation was a failure.
visiting	He's visiting our grandparents.
visite	Gem Portraits Below are two a Gem Portraits - a small tintype photo mounted behind a carte de visite sized cardboard mount.
visitor	You didn't have a visitor last night.
visor	A stocky man with a baseball cap visor obscuring most of his face carried Molly in his arms.
vista	As they came out on the top of the mountain, a vista of hills and valleys lay before them as far as the eye could see.
visual	She was staring at him when his visual exploration was over.
visualizer	Another helpful tool you can use from Sherman Williams is their color visualizer.
visualize	He, too, could visualize the two young people headed for wedded bliss, a six-pack between them.
visualization	Visualization is a very personalized relaxation technique, and the key to success is coming up with images that will work for you.
vitalism	It is a nature mysticism, or ethical vitalism imbued with spirituality.
vitality	The war of 1895-1898 still further diminished the vitality of the industry.
visually	She visually selected a tree ahead that looked easy to climb.
vital	You're a vital asset and the director knows it.
vitally	I know how vitally important an efficient transport system is to country life.
vitals	The nurse smiled again and studied the micro in her hand, which monitored his vitals.
vitiate	A mistake of fact in some circumstances could vitiate the contract.
vitiation	By using compressed air vitiation of the mine air is avoided, as well as all danger of fire or explosion of gas.
vitiated	But these reforms were vitiated in their source.
viticultural	More numerous are the agricultural and viticultural co-operative societies, which have largely increased in number.
viticulture	The art of viticulture or wine-making is a very ancient one.
vitiligo	About 10 percent of patients with type II have vitiligo, or loss of pigment, on areas of the skin.
vitamin	Rice doesn't naturally have vitamin A. Enter transgenics.
vitreous	It is a vitreous greenish blue, as I remember it, like those patches of the winter sky seen through cloud vistas in the west before sundown.
vitrifiable	The views of Becher on the composition of substances mark little essential advance on those of the two preceding centuries, and the three elements or principles of salt, mercury and sulphur reappear as the vitrifiable, the mercurial and the combustible earths.
vitrified	On the coast of Loch Nell, or Ardmucknish Bay, is the vitrified fort of Beregonium, not to be confounded with Rerigonium (sometimes miscalled Berigonium) on Loch Ryan in Wigtownshire - a town of the Novantae Picts, identified with Innermessan.
vitriol	Fuming or Nordhausen Oil of Vitriol, a mixture or chemical com pound of H 2 SO 4, with more or less S03, has been made for centuries by exposing pyritic schist to the influence of atmospheric agents, collecting the solution of ferrous and ferric sulphate thus formed, boiling it down into a hard mass (vitriolstein) and heating this to a low red heat in small earthenware retorts.
vitriolic	Following an apology for what he called vitriolic and harmful words, Gibson ultimately retreated to rehab to better his situation.
vituperation	Never, indeed, even in any French play, was so much vituperation bestowed upon the bare idea of the sanctity of marriage.
vivacity	So Boris was full of nervous vivacity all day.
vivacious	The vivacious lilac still grows, unfolding its sweet-scented flowers each spring.
viva	The most singular, and probably the loftiest, lake in the Alps is the ever-frozen tarn that forms the summit of the Roccia Viva (11,976 ft.) in the Eastern Graians.
vivace	At the words Et expecto resurrectionem mortuorum the music plunges suddenly into a slow series of some of the most sublime and mysterious modulations ever written, until it breaks out as suddenly into a vivace e allegro of broad but terse design, which comes to its climax very rapidly and ends as abruptly as possible, the last chord being carefully written as a short note without a pause.
vividness	It aims less at clearness and vividness than at epigrammatic point.
viviparous	Prosorhocmus claparedii is a viviparous form.
vividly	He vividly recalled an evening in Petersburg.
vivarium	They are relatively placid animals and are kept in a cage, hutch or vivarium.
vivisection	It also encouraged vivisection - a practice common with Descartes himself.
vivo	The nature of sterilization, and the difficulties in securing it, as well as the extreme delicacy of the manipulations necessary, made it possible for a very long time to be doubtful as to the application of the phrase omne vivum e vivo to the microscopic world, and there still remain a few belated supporters of abiogenesis.
vixen	After a gestation of from 60 to 65 days, the vixen during the month of April gives birth to cubs, of which from five to eight usually go to form a litter.
vivid	The woman has a vivid imagination.
vizier	But, in 1690, the third of the famous Kuprilis, Mustafa, brother of Fazil Ahmed, became grand vizier, and the Turk, still further encouraged by the death of Innocent XI., rallied once more.
vizierate	From the time of Eyubi Effendi until the end of the grand vizierate of Ibrahim Pasha (1730), the empire experienced periodical relief from excessive financial distress under the series of remarkable grand viziers who directed the affairs of state during that time, but the recovery was not permanent.
vocabulary	Surely his vocabulary included such a simple word.
vocal	There is also an academy of vocal music.
vizir	But when Candia was attacked by a large force, under the terrible vizir Keuprili, Morosini was sent to relieve the fortress in 1667; the siege lasted eighteen months, but Morosini, in spite of his prodigies of valour, was forced to surrender to save the surviving inhabitants.
vocalic	It is soft and harmonious, being highly vocalic in structure.
viz	Positive law, at least in progressive societies, is constantly tending to fall behind public opinion, and the expedients adopted for bringing it into harmony therewith are three, viz, legal fictions, equity and statutory legislation.
vocalize	It's nice to finally have the option to vocalize my objection.
vocally	However, once we got going, I'm proud to state my future wife responded robustly, both physically and vocally.
vocation	The vocation of the student could find fulfilment only in the religious orders.
vocalization	The vocalization is artificial, the Masoretes having given it the vowel-points of bosheth.
vocalist	Jackson spoke to the vocalist, then stood at the edge of the dance floor and motioned for Elisabeth to join him.
vocational	In addition to general topics, most online universities offer specialized certificate programs, associate's degrees, or vocational courses designed to train students in specific occupations.
vociferous	I think we have a vociferous minority against a silent majority.
vocative	It possesses two regular substantive declensions and six cases, the vocative being in common use.
voice	His voice was controlled.
voiceless	In the case of voiceless and voiced pairs, the voiceless consonant appears on the left hand side.
vogue	This is the Syriac version of a narrative which has had an extraordinary vogue in the world's literature.
voiced	Laney voiced his same thought.
voidable	A lease by or to an infant is voidable at his option.
voided	Business owners will need to provide a voided check from the business, a business license and a driver's license for the business owner.
vol	See Droysen vol.
vodka	It was an empty vodka bottle.
voiding	When housebreaking a dog, it is critical to catch the dog in the act of voiding and correct the action then and there.
voile	Fabrics for clothes from mail order company Toast are crisp poplin or voile, linen, indigo denims and silk.
void	He said nothing, void of emotion.
volar	Perhaps most importantly, lateral radiographs reveal the presence of volar subluxation of the distal phalanx.
volatility	The high volatility of gold in the presence of certain metals must also be considered.
volatilize	All the rest, when heated by themselves, volatilize, some at lower, others at higher temperatures.
volatilization	Being costly, it is much subject to adulteration; but the fraudulent additions may easily be detected by volatilization, which in the case of pure vermilion leaves no residue.
volcano	This volcano is all but extinct.
volcanism	After formation is complete, the surfaces of planets continue to be modified by surface processes including tectonics and volcanism.
volatile	On the other hand, putting up with his volatile moods wouldn't be exactly easy.
volition	The top opened of its own volition, revealing an aged stone dagger with dulled edges and a chipped stone hilt.
volcanology	Pressure is building that could be released through earthquakes or through harmonic tremors, to use volcanology terms.
volcanic	The islands are, indeed, plainly volcanic in their nature.
volleyball	Cori is a fan of Hannah Montana and likes to play volleyball.
volitional	We know that one idea suggests another, and that volitional movements are the outcome of ideation.
vole	The female mink is just small enough to enter the water vole burrows, leaving the vole with no refuge.
volley	After a second volley from the British, Parker ordered his men to withdraw.
volt	It also has two 120 volt windings which are connected in parallel.
voltage	The safe voltage for most glass jars is about 20,000 volts for glass 1 ' 0 th in.
voltaic	In 1821 Michael Faraday (1791-1867), who was destined later on to do so much for the science of electricity, discovered electromagnetic rotation, having succeeded in causing a wire conveying a voltaic current to rotate continuously round the pole of a permanent magnet.
voltameter	A convenient adjunct to this apparatus is a small voltameter, with the aid of which oxygen or hydrogen.
voluble	Spaniards are reputed to be among Europe 's most voluble people.
voltmeter	In the same manner the potentiometer may be used to calibrate a voltmeter by the aid of a divided resistance of known value.
voluminous	There was a desk in the middle of the room with voluminous piles of paper and notebooks.
volumetric	It is very stable and is much used in volumetric analysis.
voluntarily	You're willing to voluntarily speak to us?
voluntarism	To proceed, however, with voluntarism, Wundt, as we have seen, makes personality turn on will.
volume	Yes, they admitted it appeared a large volume of tips bore mutual similarities.
volunteer	The camp ground was manned on a volunteer basis.
voluntary	She'd been trying for years to have his voluntary service revoked.
voluptuary	He has been generally described as a mere voluptuary, but Nubar Pasha spoke of him as a true Turkish gentleman of the old school.
volunteering	Volunteering is one of the activity ideas for the elderly that brings the most personal satisfaction.
voluptuous	Now that he'd tasted the fires that burned in her voluptuous body, no other woman could ever so satisfy him.
volute	The problem centered around a volute casing and removable suction cover.
volvulus	The mortality associated with an acutely obstructed volvulus may be up to 50% .
vomer	Between these, resting vertically upon the rostrum, appears the vomer; very variable in shape and size, often reduced to a mere trace, as in the Galli, or even absent, broken up into a pair of tiny splints in Pici.
vomica	In 1676 Wepfer and Conrad Brunner demonstrated on dogs the tetanizing action of nux vomica, and similar rough experiments were repeated from time to time with other substances by later investigators.
vomit	A child may vomit or urinate during a seizure.
voodoo	I have magic voodoo healing powers.
voracious	Three of the Brazilian species are voracious and dangerous.
voraciously	Both species are omnivorous, feeding voraciously on fruits and insects.
voracity	He was distinguished by his huge body, strength and voracity.
vortical	The circulation being always zero round a small plane curve passing through the axis of spin in vortical motion, it follows conversely that a vortex filament is composed always of the same fluid particles; and since the circulation round a cross-section of a vortex filament is constant, not changing with the time, it follows from the previous kinematical theorem that aw is constant for all time, and the same for every cross-section of the vortex filament.
vortices	Thus there is no vortex lattice, indeed no vortices at all.
vortex	Hence in any infinitesimal part of the fluid the circulation is zero round every small plane curve passing through the vortex line; and consequently the circulation round any curve drawn on the surface of a vortex filament is zero.
vorticity	Denoting the cross-section a of a filament by dS and its mass by dm, the quantity wdS/dm is called the vorticity; this is the same at all points of a filament, and it does not change during the motion; and the vorticity is given by w cos edS/dm, if dS is the oblique section of which the normal makes an angle e with the filament, while the aggregate vorticity of a mass M inside a surface S is M - l fw cos edS.
votable	Comrade Rusov's motion was deemed votable by twenty seven votes to fifteen, and was then adopted by twenty five votes to seventeen.
vote	I, for one, would vote for peace.
votary	The Museum of Fine Arts at Boston also obtained in 1914 a masterpiece surreptitiously excavated and smuggled out of Crete, an exquisite gold and ivory statuette of the snake goddess or her votary.
voting	The right of voting being confined to members of the Communist party, the Government represented by no means one really elected by universal suffrage but rather a dictatorship of the lower classes.
votive	A large number of votive terra-cotta figures, vases and lamps were found in the course of the excavations.
voter	Some require that the voter shall be able to read and understand the Constitution.
vouchsafe	But yet vouchsafe to us, Tityrus, who is this god of thine.
voucher	Not only is this manuscript nearly free from interpolations, but it is the sole voucher for many excellent readings.
vow	Yet in spite of this your vow was binding.
vouch	I can vouch for this young lady.
vowel	I have n't yet figured the vowel harmony thing.
vox	The v, for f, is common in southern English pronunciation; vox, for fox, is found in the Ancren Riwle, c. 1230.
vulva	Females most commonly masturbate by stroking or rubbing the vulva, especially the clitoris, with hands and fingers until orgasm is reached.
vying	Deborah spent most of dinner staring blatantly at Jackson, vying for his attention whenever possible.
w	To reduce these figures to a common standard, so that the volumes shall contain equal numbers of molecules, the notion of molecular volumes is introduced, the arbitrary values of the crystallographic axes (a, b, c) being replaced by the topic parameters' (x, ?i, w), which are such that, combined with the axial angles, they enclose volumes which contain equal numbers of molecules.
waddle	He could waddle over to the printer to bring back your documents.
wadding	Leather covered, quite thin wadding infill, akin to a church kneeler.
waddy	Also, we've had three months fairly intensive dialog coaching in going goo goo goo goo goo issy waddy baby!
wad	He pulled out the engagement ring, along with a wad of lint.
waddling	The count came waddling in to see his wife with a rather guilty look as usual.
wacky	She kept telling herself she'd wake up from this wacky dream soon.
wafer	Another test was with a very thin silicon wafer.
waffle	So I have one waffle with strawberry for us and put cranberry on the other ones.
wade	We have NO signup process for you to wade through.
wager	Past-Deidre made a wager with me.
wader	Herder founded the Kritische Wader in 1766.
wadi	The village of Wadi Haifa is 3 m.
waft	Waft the fumes toward your nose by waving your hand over the container opening in the direction toward your nose.
wag	See sketch map in article WAG RAM.
waggon	A terminal station embraces (I) the passenger station; (2) the goods station; (3) the locomotive, carriage and waggon depots, where the engines and the carrying stock are kept, cleaned, examined and repaired.
wage	If you are a wage earner, then you should love machines.
wagtail	Wild life spotted eagle, grouse, mountain hare, red deer, roe deer, gray wagtail.
wagoner	Kauppis Heikki was a wagoner; Alkio Filander a farmer; Heikki Mavilainen a smith; Juhana Kokko (Kyosti) a gamekeeper.
wailer	The reasons were not understood until the researches of Wailer demonstrated the difference between the effects of merely dead loads and of live loads, and between repetitions of stress of one kind only, and the vastly more destructive effects of both kinds alternating.
waif	A waif of a girl sat beside him.
wail	Prince Andrew ran to the door; the scream ceased and he heard the wail of an infant.
wainscoting	Beadboard paneling is commonly used for wainscoting below a chair rail.
wait	I can hardly wait for the fun to begin!
wainscot	Uncommon moths including the scarce burnished brass and the obscure wainscot, both nationally notable species.
wailing	It is the wailing cry of a moribund nation.
waitress	The waitress approached the table.
wagon	He climbed onto the wagon and sat on its edge.
waiver	Will this constitute a waiver of such right?
waiter	The waiter called him Mr. Bryce.
waive	Some dentists waive this additional fee.
waisted	The subject matter of these ends is substantially heraldic with Arms on waisted shields with rolled top corners typical of 16th century heraldry.
waistcoat	He removed his waistcoat and shirt.
wakeful	Many wakeful nights did she sit by my bedside in trembling expectation that each hour would be my last.
waist	She hugged his waist and smiled up at him.
walk	My sister can walk and run.
wakefulness	Even if you cannot take actual yoga classes, you can find free yoga exercises online that you can practice to relieve your wakefulness at night.
waiting	Are you still there, waiting for me to come to you?
wakening	Dispersible co-beneldopa is also useful on first wakening to allow the person to dress.
waken	The clock comes with aromatherapy beads that will help you waken fully.
waistband	The mint colored sundress flared out from its slim waistband as she moved.
walkway	Megan stepped off the verandah onto a walkway that led through the garden.
walkabout	They also offer a cabaret act and can provide walkabout entertainment.
walkman	Sony NW-E407 1GB MP3 Walkman £ 79.00 Designed from durable materials such as acrylic and metallic zinc the NW-E400 series are sophisticated and sleek.
wake	I didn't want to wake you.
walker	Next in importance is Walker lake, 33 m.
wallboard	This starch is designed to provide binding strength in gypsum wallboard.
walking	She started walking without responding.
wallflower	The principal other plants which bear the name are the wallflower, Cheiranthus Cheiri, called wall-gillyflower in old books; the dame's violet, Hesperis matronalis, called variously the queen's, the rogue's and the winter gillyflower; the ragged-robin, Lychnis Flos-cuculi, called marsh-gillyflower and cuckoo-gillyflower; the waterviolet, Hottonia palustris, called water-gillyflower; and the thrift, Armeria vulgaris, called sea-gillyflower.
waller	Meanwhile Cromwell had been ordered on the 3rd of March by the House to take his regiment to the assistance of Waller, under whom he served as an admirable subordinate.
wall	The keys hung on the wall beside the door.
wallop	Those hoses pack a whale of a wallop.
wallow	Unlike the water-buffalo, it does not bathe in water or wallow in mud.
walling	The garden is enclosed by walling with wrought iron embellishment to the front boundary wall.
walled	The valley, walled by bold hills, is very picturesque.
wallet	Get out your wallet, honey.
wallaby	The name for a baby wallaby, kangaroo or possum is a Joey.
waltz	I barely do a good waltz, and that's because you're a good dancer.
wan	Rissa met his gaze with a wan smile.
wand	Sorry isn't a magic wand, Alex.
wander	Hopefully he wouldn't wander off and get lost.
wandering	I didn't notice how far I was wandering this evening.
walrus	Delphinopterus leucus, the sea-lion (Otaria Stelleri), and walrus abound off the coasts.
wally	Fans of Alex Raymond, Mac Raboy, or Wally Wood should not miss this beautifully bound hardcover, the second Magnus archival collection.
wanderlust	Over the years I traveled to almost 30 countries and really had the wanderlust.
wampum	Wampum was employed most in New England, but it was common elsewhere.
walnut	We have also the yew, the hazel, juniper, walnut, wild peach and almond.
wanderer	He had now been a wanderer for twenty days.
wane	About half-past eight the combat began to wane, and the last shots were fired at ten.
wank	It was all I could do to take a photo before having a good hard wank in the African darkness.
wantonly	He used to kill sometimes, but never wantonly or continuously.
wanker	Afterward, he reflects on a job that involves 90 minutes of being called a Judas wanker by the best part of 20,000 people.
war	The war is on.
wanton	He loved the way she could be wanton and sensual one minute, then bashful and demure the next.
wapiti	Stories were told of its attacking the bison, and it has been reported to carry off the carcase of a wapiti, weighing nearly 1000 lb, for a considerable distance to its den, there to devour it at leisure.
ward	He sensed the ward he triggered and waited.
wapentake	In the 14th century the divisions were more frequently described as hundreds, and Wirksworth alone retained the designation wapentake until modern times.
wantonness	Aphrodite Urania was represented in Greek art on a swan, a tortoise or a globe; Aphrodite Pandemos as riding on a goat, symbolical of wantonness.
warbler	Also in the valley were two cetti's warbler, a stonechat and more chiffchaff.
wardenship	He was a select preacher at Oxford in 1895-1897, and at Cambridge in 1900; he received a canonry in Bristol cathedral in 1893, but retained his wardenship of Toynbee Hall, while relinquishing the living of St Jude's.
want	I do not want all this.
warble	As the sparrow had its trill, sitting on the hickory before my door, so had I my chuckle or suppressed warble which he might hear out of my nest.
wanting	Betsy looked at her, as if wanting to hear more.
warding	Napoleon's original plan for the 16th was based on the assumption that the allies, who had been caught napping, would not attempt a risky forward concentration; and he intended therefore to push an advanced guard as far as Gembloux, for the purpose of feeling for and warding off Blucher.
warden	In 1648 he became warden of Wadham College, Oxford.
warder	Only in the sense that he's the main male warder.
wardress	In her six hands are torches, sometimes a snake, a key (as wardress of the lower world), a whip or a dagger; her favourite animal was the dog, which was sacrificed to her - an indication of her nonHellenic origin, since this animal very rarely fills this part in genuine Greek ritual.
wanted	Helen wanted me to tell her about it.
wardship	As doubtful questions of trust, of wardship, of testamentary succession, they were taken up not in the strict course of justice, but as matters in which redress was sorely needed and had to be brought by the exceptional power of the court of chancery.
wardrobe	She leaned her head against the wardrobe once more.
warehousing	In 1836 it was made a free warehousing port, and in 1837 the capital of a small adjacent district.
wards	One of the Gods tripped the wards he had set around his territory in southern California.
ware	Its industries include canneries, tanneries and wooden ware factories.
wariness	His wariness scared her as much as the thugs had.
warhead	Contrary to what was frequently reported in the press, the Russians did not propose a regime for verifiable warhead elimination during the negotiations.
warlock	Follow the red brick road if you want to see the warlock.
warily	He went warily back to his porch.
warmish	Here we were rumbled clean in the washing machine of log debris and pummel by the power of the warmish water.
warlike	The Gallo-Celtic tribes bore the general appellation of Belgae, and among these the Nervii, inhabiting the district between the Scheldt and the Sambre were at the date of Caesar's invasion, 57 B.C., the most warlike and important.
warmth	He touched her, and familiar warmth flashed through her, easing the pain.
warn	I warn you again, step aside.
warehouse	The warehouse was empty.
warning	Her eyes burned in warning and she looked away.
warm	It was a warm afternoon in August.
warmly	She smiled warmly up at him.
warrant	They find Scripture warrant for this belief in Matt.
warmonger	Warmonger is a first person shooter set in the future.
warped	Fire shot through her, and the world around her warped and changed like in a dream.
warner	There is a University Preparatory School (1901) at Tonkawa in Kay county, and there are state schools of agriculture at Tishomingo and at Warner.
warrantee	Standing seam roofing installed without a contractor will also void its warrantee.
warp	Warp soil is of surpassing fertility.
warfare	I'm an urban warfare tactics trainer, specializing in tracking.
warring	She hurried from between the two warring factions and hugged her.
warrior	No warrior wants to die of old age, he said.
warmer	It was much warmer in the chicken coop.
warship	Navy and is the oldest, technically active warship afloat.
warrener	Those built for a warrener, who was in charge of small game, were known as warrener's lodges.
wary	His expression was wary, but he said nothing.
wart	Herbal medicines such as St. John's Wart can also affect the pill's effectiveness.
warty	Toads are not slimy or warty and do not jump like frogs.
warren	After his father's death he went to live with an uncle in Warren county.
wartime	I cannot remember much about that first wartime Christmas.
warming	Carmen pushed away from the warming stove and stood.
washer	Sorting the clothes, she put a load in the washer and started it.
washday	Laundry could make washday less of a chore with brightly colored clothes bins and baskets.
wash	Now go wash up for supper.
washable	They are washable in cold water and you will be horrified by the color of the water !
waspish	He occasionally throws in the odd waspish comment that gives you a slightly teasing impression.
wasp	It relieves the pain of wasp and bee stings.
was	His voice was controlled.
waste	Gabe didn't waste time.
washed	Katie washed a dish and rinsed it in silence.
wassail	The word wassail is from the Anglo Saxon word wes hal meaning good health or be whole .
warranty	If your watch needs repairing, either within the warranty or outside of the warranty, then the watch repair page of the Citizen Watch website provides all the information that you will require to arrange repair of your Citizen Watch.
wastefulness	It indicts the brutalisation and wastefulness of Victorian industrialism, and envisions the world as it might be.
wastage	The result is a uniform tile and the wastage is kept to a minimum.
wastefully	But up till 1860 it was only native-prepared phormium that was known in the market, and it was on the material so carefully, but wastefully, selected that the reputation of the fibre was built up. The troubles with the Maoris at that period led the colonists to engage in the industry, and the sudden demand for all available fibres caused soon afterwards by the Civil War in America greatly stimulated their endeavours.
wasteful	That seems kind of wasteful.
washing	This washing is a most important part of the process.
wasteland	It was a desolate wasteland except for some grazing sheep.
watch	He glanced at his watch and swallowed before answering.
wastrel	Simon Schatzberger undoubtedly stole the show as Harry, a selfish wastrel struck down by a debilitating stroke.
waster	Think about what you want The Internet can be a great time waster.
wasted	She'd wasted her first day of light.
wasting	Why are you wasting your time with me?
watchdog	A small watchdog ran round barking in front of the harnessed horses.
watchful	It wouldn't hurt to be watchful, though.
watchman	He is the watchman of Is.
watchfulness	Something about her put Jessi at ease, despite the watchfulness.
watchword	This principle became the watchword of the entire school of Saint-Simon.
watchmaking	Nowadays the best known industry at Geneva is that of watchmaking, which was introduced in 1587 by Charles Cusin of Autun, and two years later regulations as to the trade were issued.
watchmen	The watchmen appointed by parishes were useless, inadequate, inefficient and untrustworthy, acting often as accessories in aiding and abetting crime.
watercourse	The former category comprises the maintenance of provincial roads, bridges and watercourse embankments;, secondary education, whenever this is n.ot provided for by private, institutions or by the state (elementary education being maintained by the communes), and the maintenance of foundlings and pauper lunatics.
watcher	I'm not a Watcher.
waterfall	The last, the highest waterfall in the state, has a vertical fall of 215 ft.
watercress	The watercress blocks the rivers of New Zealand into which it has been introduced from Europe.
waterborne	A waterborne sewerage system began to be introduced in 1906.
waterfowl	Waterfowl are numerous and the forests of the warm valleys are filled with song-birds and birds of beautiful plumage.
waterer	The wonderful thing is that the waterer is disguised as a present, and we have several different designs that match any home décor or Christmas decorating theme.
watering	I've been watering it in the evenings.
watered	She went to the coop first and watered the chickens.
waterless	It runs high above a wild boulder-strewn almost waterless gill.
waterlogged	She turned and ran, her laughter muffled in the waterlogged air.
waterman	Waterman is shown in fig.
waterlogging	A perfect soil would be such a blend of sand, clay, chalk and humus as would contain sufficient clay and humus to prevent drought, enough sand to render it pervious to fresh air and prevent waterlogging, chalk enough to correct the tendency to acidity of the humus present, and would have within it various substances which would serve as food-materials to the crops.
water	The water felt delightful.
watermark	The center frame shows the watermark on a sheet of Napoleon 1 personal notepaper.
watching	Jonathan was watching them intently.
waterway	The Baro on reaching the plain becomes, however, a navigable stream affording an open waterway to the Nile.
watertight	But even filters of this type, if they are to be fully relied upon, must be frequently cleaned and sterilized, and great care must be taken that the joints and connexions are watertight, and that the candles are without cracks or flaws.
watershed	The line of the highest summits and of the watershed ranges is about 30 to 40 m.
waterside	The waterside streets, however, follow the curve of the beach.
wattage	Tom Cruise's star wattage power disappeared a long time ago.
wave	Jackson felt an intense wave of emotion.
watery	To thicken a watery mixture, add more ice and blend again.
waved	He waved the page in front of her.
waveform	Select and display the waveform at the circuit input, the first, second and third inverter output wires and the final circuit output.
waterworks	The waterworks are owned and operated by the city.
wattle	Brick and more rarely stone took the place of wood and wattle.
waver	Taran's intensity did not waver as he held her gaze.
wattmeter	The movable coil of the wattmeter is normally suspended so that its axis is at right angles to that of the fixed coil, and is constrained by the torsion of a spiral spring.
waveguide	It is typically built into a cylindrical waveguide structure.
watt	Watt, that the total heat of steam was constant.
wavering	He came up on one elbow, his expression wavering between annoyed and hurt.
waviness	The coat is usually a shade of brown, sometimes greyish, fairly bright and with a suggestion of waviness.
wavelet	Converting between TIFF and JPEG Digitizing microfiche and microfilm The PNG file format What is wavelet compression?
waxen	Small waxen images of the Manes called Lares, clothed in dogskin, and on feast days crowned with garlands, stood round the family hearth of which they were the unseen guardians (but see Lares).
way	Travel the way you wish to go.
waxed	The debate waxed fast and furious.
wayfarer	Advice from local wayfarer sailors may also be useful.
wayfaring	Shortly before his death Edward founded Christ's Hospital in the Grey Friars, and gave the old palace of Bridewell to the city for the lodging of poor wayfaring people, the correction of vagabonds and disorderly persons, and for finding them work.
wavy	He brushed back what seemed like a foot of wavy blond hair.
waxy	They have fleshy, waxy leaves with a high capacity for water storage.
waterproof	Should the walls or floor be damp, waterproof paper is added.
waxwork	It was interesting seeing that strange waxwork of a body that could have no connection with my lively laughing father.
wayside	Then would their children grow stately as noble trees, and their thoughts sweet and pure as wayside flowers.
wayward	He savored the wayward drops.
waybill	However, thought should be given to the advantages of stipulating a non-negotiable sea waybill instead of the traditional marine bill of lading.
waylaid	On his return Newton was waylaid and his papers seized, not without suspicion of Bruce's connivance.
we	What time are we going to leave tomorrow?
wax	A wax candle stood at each side of the minister's bent bald head with its gray temples.
weak	She was too weak to move.
waylay	His opponents endeavoured to waylay him, but he came to London with an armed retinue and forced himself into the king's presence.
weakly	He was lame and of weakly health.
weakness	The memory of her weakness for him was all too fresh.
weakling	It is a parade of wild animals Our world is now a pitiful weakling It groans with the burden of an elephant corpse!
weaken	According to circumstances I shall weaken one wing to strengthen my reserve....
wealthy	I think he's wealthy... his house is beautiful.
wazir	The wazir consented to everything demanded of him.
weaning	One lamb at weaning time for every ewe is rather over the normal amount of produce.
weakening	It was a sign that her power was weakening, just like the cracking of the sky in the underworld's dome.
wear	You'd better wear a coat.
weal	We then pillage what really should be private, in order to finance the common weal.
wean	Further, an alliance with the House of Habsburg might be expected to wean the Germans from all thought of gaining succour from that quarter.
wearable	The dress is fully wearable, with no flaws or damage, very good condition.
wealth	The wealth he had never concealed.
weariness	There was weariness in his voice that disarmed any offense he felt.
weaponry	The guards prepared their laser weaponry and waited.
wearily	Come along... said he, glancing wearily round, and he stepped onto the porch which creaked under his weight.
weary	We were all weary of waiting for you.
wearies	The civilized mind soon wearies of this stuff, and perhaps enough has been said to prove that, in the traditions of Vedic devotees, Indra was not a god without an irrational element in his myth.
wearied	Personal ambition doubtless played a part; but he must have soon realized that the French people had wearied of legitimism and that a regency in the circumstances was impossible.
weather	I'm surprised to say the weather was better.
wearisome	To be in company, even with the best, is soon wearisome and dissipating.
weatherman	The weatherman totally blew his Sunday forecast.
weave	They also weave cloth, make pottery and smelt iron.
weathering	These are either roasted or exposed to the weathering action of the air.
weasel	Lastly, the weasel, mouse and most lizards were taboo.
weaver	It lies on the river Weaver, in the upper part of its flat, open valley.
web	Betsy spotted the web site and began monitoring it daily.
weapon	It wasn't a weapon; it was a key.
webbed	Front toes webbed; hallux small or absent.
weathercock	The graceful bell-tower, erected in 1224-1319, named La Ghirlandina from the bronze garland surrounding the weathercock, is 335 ft.
weaving	Cora began weaving through the crowd.
wed	By the look of this man, Kiera hadn't wed him by choice.
weatherproof	The collar and receiver are also weatherproof, and both are designed to be very durable.
wearer	Naturally, as the temperature became lower, a new function was gradually acquired by his clothing, that of protecting the body of the wearer.
wedded	By an agreement with the queen mother of Hungary at Kassa in 1383, the Poles finally accepted Jadwiga as their queen, and, on the 18th of February 1386, greatly against her will, the young princess, already betrothed to William of Austria, was wedded to Jagiello, grand duke of Lithuania, who had been crowned king of Poland at Cracow, three days previously, under the title of Wladislaus II.
webbing	Sail-cloth, horsehair, cloth and webbing are manufactured.
webby	Rated the 2005 best insurance site by the Webby Awards, Geico.com allows potential customers to get a free rate quote using their online form.
wedlock	After only a few months of wedlock his wife died, and Gallatin was once more alone.
wearing	I see you're not wearing black today.
wedge	Each shoe has a thick sole and high wedge heel.
wee	Wee sister is a good girl.
weds	This is often demonstrated through church weddings and religious components of many wedding ceremonies, and many religions require pre-marital counseling before a couple weds to ensure they understand the sacred bond of marriage.
webster	Webster removed to Boston in June 1816.
wedgwood	To the original members were afterwards added several remarkable persons, amongst whom were Josiah Wedgwood, Bennet Langton (Dr Johnson's friend), and, later, Zachary Macaulay, Henry Brougham and James Stephen.
wedding	It was his wedding, not his funeral.
weeding	The garden needed weeding anyway.
wednesday	They studied together at the library on Wednesday evenings.
week	Last week I visited a beautiful art store.
weekday	Members of the Lottery get five chances to win up to £ 10,000 every weekday for just £ 1 per week.
weekend	The holiday weekend passed pleasantly.
weekly	Dumfries markets for cattle and sheep, held weekly, and for horses, held five times annually, have always ranked with the best, and there is also a weekly market for pork during the five months beginning with November.
weep	I want to weep for joy.
weedy	A large family, varying much in character, often weedy, but of easy culture in ordinary soil.
weed	My arms are sore from weed whipping.
weedkiller	Other notable inventions include Perspex, Paludrine (an anti-malaria drug ), and the weedkiller paraquat.
weeny	Speedo carries much more than teeny weeny men's swimming briefs.
weeds	Stay away from the weeds and rocks and you won't have to worry about them.
weekender	For maximum convenience, the Ralph Lauren Weekender Bag is on wheels.
weepy	Tackle depression It's normal for new mums to feel weepy.
weeping	I turned and left the room with my friend weeping on the bed.
weigh	I weigh 105 lbs now!
weevil	Larval weevils mostly feed on the roots of plants, but some, such as the nut weevil (Balaninus nucum), live as larvae inside fruit.
weightless	Instead, the weightless powder will effectively set makeup and create a flawless, even finish.
weighbridge	The resort to the weighbridge should put both on an equality, and its use tends to increase.
wei	Wolves are numerous in the mountains; the heron, ibis, wild goose and snipe in the valley of the Wei.
weird	It's weird talking to him.
weft	The weft surface is the face or wearing surface of the cloth.
weirdly	Then weirdly enough, the last 25 seconds of the song is pretty good.
weirdness	She wasn't able to catch up, though, not with the absolute weirdness of it all.
weighted	They were dark and heavily built, fought on horses and used the bolas or weighted lasso.
welcome	Welcome to your new life.
weirdo	Hello, I 'm a strange weirdo, who 's a bit of a contradiction.
weighty	The zippers are weighty and secured well.
welch	Jonathan looked confident atop a Welch gelding.
weir	The weir across the Jumna was the first attempted in Upper India upon a foundation of fine sand; it is about 800 yds.
weighting	Dorothy was captured in the same way, and numbers of the Gargoyles clung to Jim's legs, so weighting him down that the poor beast was helpless.
well	Well... they had been flirting with each other in the car.
weld	C - Thermit weld before removing riser and pouring gate.
welder	At the same time, however, the conception of radicals could not be entirely displaced, for the researches of Liebig and Welder, and those made subsequently by Bunsen, demonstrated beyond all doubt the advantages which would accrue from their correct recognition.
weight	The boxes were heavy, so carrying two of them was too much weight to handle.
welding	During his long reign of forty-nine years Poland had gradually risen to the rank of a great power, a result due in no small measure to the insight and sagacity of the first Jagiello, who sacrificed every other consideration to the vital necessity of welding the central Sla y s into a compact and homogeneous state.
wellingtons	Finally, I would advise anyone looking for the well to wear Wellingtons.
welshman	The George connoted a Berrichon as David does a Welshman.
welt	Lori was sitting on the porch swing, a red welt on one cheek.
welterweight	Or would he be more suited to the light welterweight division?
wen	Dispense 15-20 pumps of Wen cleansing conditioner into the palm of your hand.
were	I don't know where they were planning to sit.
werewolf	Jackson narrowed his eyes and yelled, She's a werewolf!
welter	In all this welter of party strife what real hope is there for Scotland?
welfare	The care for his welfare led his father to decide to move to a better neighborhood.
wench	One is supposed to be a young serving wench from the 17th Century.
wept	He held her close as she wept softly into his chest.
wester	Beyond the walls lay the burghs of Calton, Easter and Wester Portsburgh, the villages of St Cuthbert's, Moutrie'sHill,Broughton,Canonmills, SilvermillsandDeanhaugh - all successively swallowed up in the extension of the modern city.
westerlies	And other factors do not appear to favor persistent mild westerlies.
wesleyan	Delaware is the seat of the Ohio Wesleyan University (co-educational), founded by the Ohio Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church in 1841, and opened as a college in 1844; it includes a college of liberal arts (1844), an academic department (1841), a school of music (1877), a school of fine arts (1877), a school of oratory (1894), a business school (1895), and a college of medicine (the Cleveland College of Physicians and Surgeons, at Cleveland, Ohio; founded as the Charity Hospital Medical College in 1863, and the medical department of the university of Wooster until 1896, when, under its present name, it became a part of Ohio Wesleyan University).
westbound	The construction of a breakwater was undertaken in 1907 by the United States government at Cape Vincent to form a harbour where westbound vessels can shelter from storm before crossing the lake.
welsh	The Welsh were unsubdued; the French were plundering the southern coast; Northumberland was fomenting trouble in the north.
werewolves	All werewolves are born, not turned.
westerner	Frankie Dettori settled the 5-1 second-favourite back in the field but steadily made headway to go past Westerner entering the final furlong.
wellington	He spent the rest of his life in retirement, dying at Wellington on the 16th of May 1862.
wet	He wet his pants.
westernmost	It is finely situated on the western shore of Mount's Bay, opposite St Michael's Mount, being the westernmost port in England.
wether	At the 1905 show, sheep of each breed, and also cross-breds, competed as (1) wether lambs under twelve months old, and (2) wether sheep above twelve and under twenty-four months old.
westland	The market-gardening of the region called the Westland, between the Hague and the Hook of Holland, is remarkable, and large quantities of vegetables are exported to England.
westerly	There is a canal two rods wide along the northerly and westerly sides, and wider still at the east end.
wetness	Deidre felt the wetness of her tears.
wetlands	White storks are common in agricultural areas near wetlands.
westwards	The salter waters apparently tend to make their way westwards close to the African coast, and at the bottom the highest salinities have been observed south of Crete.
wetting	Frequent wetting and drying of hands can leave nails brittle.
whacking	The only prize you'll likely get is a whacking great telephone bill !
whacked	I...I whacked him in the head with the frying pan.
whack	She gave his arm a whack but surrendered the ring.
westward	Westward of South Australia, on the shores of the Australian Bight, there is a stretch of country 300 m.
west	I understand you have a big ranch west of here.
whale	Those hoses pack a whale of a wallop.
whaling	Fish-curing and whaling are lucrative industries.
whaler	Nantucket's last whaler sailed in 1869.
wham	Everyone from Paul Young, Elvis Costello, The Style Council to Wham had backing singers Ã¢ whether they needed them or not.
wharves	At Balboa there are three wharves, one 985 ft.
what	What time is it?
whalebone	Whaling was an established in- dustry in Rhode Island as Eearly as 1723, and in 1731 the colonial assembly provided a bounty of five shillings a barrel for whale oil, and a penny a pound for whalebone.
whatsoever	There is no indication whatsoever he cares a flip about that picture.
wharfage	There is good anchorage outside the Victoria basin under the lee of the breakwater, and since 1904 the foreshore east of the south pier has been reclaimed and additional wharfage provided.
wharfinger	Close to the latter stand the new supreme court, the old age and accident state insurance offices, the chief custom house, and the concert hall, founded by Karl Laeisz, a former Hamburg wharfinger.
whatnot	The gameplay is insanely fun, with all of the diving and the shooting and whatnot.
wharf	Its name is kept in a wharf and a ward of the City.
wheaten	Of the various materials which go to the fabrication of plaited head-gear the most important is wheaten straw.
western	He was dressed in his usual indigo jeans and western shirt.
wheatear	A male White Wagtail was in the carpark and a rather bedraggled male Wheatear was on the short turf near the beach.
wheelbarrow	Together they lifted Brutus from the wheelbarrow and placed him in the hole.
wheelbase	These units had BR Mk 3 bogies, the motor bogie with 8 '9 wheelbase, trailer bogie with 8 '6 wheelbase.
wheeler	Wheeler with his small band of soldiers and the European and Eurasian residents were exposed for 21 days to the fire of the mutineers, is merely a bare field, containing the well where many women and children were shot while getting water.
whatever	Whatever happens, it's us together and we'll make it.
wheeled	Our clerk-driver wheeled his old wreck like a big apple cabbie.
wheeling	Vara nodded and vaulted atop his horse, wheeling it to face him.
wheelie	Who owns the wheelie bins, me or the Council?
wheel	She gripped the steering wheel more tightly.
wheelchair	They were dispatching a wheelchair for you when I came in.
whelk	One of the best examples of the introversible mouth-cylinder or proboscis which can be found is that of the common whelk (Buccinum undatum) and its immediate allies.
when	When did this happen, Mom?
whence	He walked down the hall from whence they'd come.
wheezing	Crackling is much better than that faint wheezing.
whenever	He snorted whenever he mentioned him.
wheeze	Walking up hill made him wheeze.
where	Was that where his father got all that money?
wheezy	A better term for his condition might be wheezy bronchitis although this description has rather gone out of fashion.
wheelwright	The younger oaks are employed by the carpenter, wheelwright, wagon-builder and for innumerable purposes by the country artisan.
whereas	Hannah had been a kept woman with no problems since meeting Gio, whereas Katie had always struggled to find her path.
whereabouts	If anyone knows the whereabouts of Josh, last name unknown, contact Miss Edith Plotke on 6th Street.
wherefore	Wherefore He asked them, Do ye believe that I am able to do this thing ?
whereat	In 1238 Llewelyn, growing aged and infirm, summoned all his vassals to a conference at the famous Cistercian abbey of Strata Florida, whereat David, his son by the Princess Joan of England, was acknowledged his heir by all present.
whereof	The beetles have feelers with eleven segments, whereof the terminal few are thickened so as to form a club.
wherein	The most significant canons are those directly affecting the clergy, wherein the clergy appear as a privileged class, far above the laity, but with sharply differentiated and carefully graded orders within itself.
wherever	Wherever you want to go.
whereon	In cold weather the Egyptians warm their rooms by placing in them a brazier, chafing-dish, or standing-dish, filled with charcoal, whereon incense is burnt; and in hot weather they refresh them by occasionally swinging a hand censer by a chain through them - frankincense, benzoin and aloe wood being.
wheresoever	Thee all this universe, as it rolls circling round the earth, obeys wheresoever thou dost guide, and gladly owns thy sway.
whereunto	And if your lordship shall find now, or at any time, that I do seek or affect any place whereunto any that is nearer to your lordship shall be convenient, say then that I am a most dishonest man.
wheat	The ant was carrying a grain of wheat as large as itself.
whether	Whether we want to admit it or not, we all wish everyone would like us.
wherewithal	Yet did I have the wherewithal to respond to Venetian art?
whetstone	Friern Barnet adjoins Finchley on the north and Whetstone on the south, the whole district being residential.
whet	This island offers hiking and beaches--both of which should whet your teen's appetite for adventure.
which	All of which was beside the point.
whichever	I'll protect whichever world you are in.
wherry	In 1860 William Brighton, who built the famous wherry Albion, worked in the Bungay Staithe area.
wherewith	They therefore spoiled the religious houses and robbed the monastery coffers in order to have means wherewith to rebuild it.
whereby	Shortly before his death he was forced to sign an agreement whereby the Byzantine empire undertook to pay tribute to the sultan.
while	I don't want you to drive while you're so tired.
whey	The remaining portion is made up from whey proteins.
whiff	She saw their expressions change as they got a whiff of her blood.
whereupon	But Stephen marched north with a great army, whereupon David made peace.
whim	I'm simply stating that I'm not leaving my destiny to the whim of a man.
whiggism	He was a zealous Hanoverian, and a favourite with Queen Anne in spite of his Whiggism.
whimsical	It's just something whimsical I painted some time ago.
whimpering	The vampire landed in a heap at his feet, whimpering.
whimper	Perhaps I was being unfair but everything we'd been able to do was close to ending with a sad whimper, due to the greed of this woman.
whin	In addition to forming the present parish boundary, Whin Beck was also the township boundary of Normanton.
whining	Fine. Don't come whining to me if they blacklist you.
whinny	Princess lifted her head and uttered a soft whinny to her baby.
whimsy	Oh, for the flimsy pensioners and truculent barrow boys of yesteryear - whither the legions of faint hearted English whimsy?
whiplash	Many sports cars lack adjustable head restraints that prevents whiplash.
whine	The whine in her voice made him cringe.
whippet	Prizes There is no prize money in whippet coursing.
whilst	She didn't want to talk whilst I was there, figuring maybe the line was tapped or something.
whig	In1853-1857he was a Whig representative in Congress.
whirlpool	Copenhagen was then a whirlpool of diplomatic intrigue, for George I.
whirlwind	Elisabeth was in a whirlwind for the first hour or so.
whir	The only sound in the apartment was the quiet whir of an electric clock.
whipping	He strode beside her, whipping out his cell as they headed toward the nearest exit.
whisk	He could whisk her away from the pain — take her to a place of ecstasy.
whirr	The tightly coiled spring was released, the clock began to whirr and the chimes to play.
whiskers	Use make-up to create a nose and whiskers.
whip	His new pa would whip him good, he said.
whirl	Coleridge was soon in the full whirl of excitement.
whisper	His whisper turned to a roar.
whiskered	Vertebrate species in the Irish Vertebrate Red Data Book include whiskered bat, shoveler, pochard and brook lamprey.
whist	The cards rank as at whist, and five are dealt to each player.
whistle	He let out a long whistle at the doorway.
whisperer	More recent appearances include a 3-episode run on the popular television show Scrubs, as well as a guest spot on the drama The Ghost Whisperer.
whispering	He pulled her close, whispering softly in her ear.
whitebait	Donovan, in his Natural History of British Fishes (1802-1808), misled by specimens sent to him as whitebait, declared it to be the young of the shad.
whisky	The chief exports are linen, whisky, aerated waters, iron ore and cattle.
whistler	He lived, on the invitation of Dr Whistler, for a short time in 1682 at the College of Physicians, but died on the 12th of December 1685 at the house of Mr Cothorne, reader of the church of St Giles-in-the Fields.
whit	Nor have the Catholics been one whit behind them.
whiskey	Katie poured more whiskey into her cocoa.
whiten	The product claims to whiten teeth in just 14 days and keeps them white for up to six months.
whitewash	Agostino, discovered in 1902 under a coating of whitewash.
whiteness	It is remarkable for the whiteness of the bark.
whither	They all went without knowing whither or why they were going.
white	His face is white, and he seems very weak.
whiting	The sphere is then coated with plaster or whiting, and when it has been smoothed on a lathe and dried, the lines representing meridians and parallels are drawn upon it.
whitehall	Bernhardt Schmidt, better known in England as Father Smith, was invited about 1660 to build the organ for the Chapel Royal, Whitehall; two years later he built the organ in Durham Cathedral a' 474.1, difference a whole tone, and practically agreeing with the Cammerton of Praetorius.
whitey	Thus Whitey joined the Fort Garry, and was duly attested as the regimental mascot.
whitening	With its unique whitening trays and Time Release Matrix whitening gel, CleverWhite is the most effective retail teeth whitening kit you can buy.
whizz	Would some literary whizz kid in the club care to write a review or two?
whitsun	In 1465 a second annual fair on the 1st of May was granted by Edward IV., which is still held on the Wednesday in Whitsun week.
who	The boy who sat beside him was his son.
whitlow	The drug is absorbed through the unbroken skin - a very valuable property in the treatment of such conditions as an incipient whitlow.
whittling	He was whittling down her resistance.
whodunit	This is an excellent story, a super mystery, a jolly good whodunit.
whole	I wish the whole world were like that!
whiz	She's a whiz on a roof.
wholehearted	Whatever his merits as a writer or as a philanthropist, Gregoire's name lives in history mainly by reason of his wholehearted effort to prove that Catholic Christianity is not irreconcilable with modern conceptions of political liberty.
whitish	This cavity contains an irregular mass of whitish tissue, the fat-body, consisting of fat-cells which undergo degradation and become more or less filled with urates.
wholesaler	However, check with your state's dealer's license procedures and rules because that one state license is good for any wholesaler in that state.
wholesomeness	At one time he was an unsparing critic of its quality, but in later years he became strongly convinced of its general excellence and wholesomeness.
whoa	The nurse took lots of pictures, which at first we thought whoa this isn't right but now im so glad.
whom	Whom will you send for?
whomever	To whomever Your Majesty commands.
wholeheartedly	While I wholeheartedly endorse this book, I want to offer two cautionary remarks.
whittle	It's certainly a fun way to spend the time, and you can most certainly whittle away oodles of time trying to figure out what your unconscious is trying to tell you, but if it's substance you're after, it may be better to look elsewhere.
whoop	With a whoop, she twirled in the middle of the shadow world.
whomsoever	Whenever the name of the three-one God is used, the sacrament is declared valid by whomsoever it may be performed.
whoever	I'll buy it from whoever owns it.
wholeness	How can we die in wholeness when we have lived our lives in such partiality?
wholesome	I find it wholesome to be alone the greater part of the time.
whore	The whore lied to me!
whoopee	The final solution was to use the rubber from a whoopee cushion.
whopping	Paul McCartney - Sir Paul donated a whopping $1.9 million to the southeast Asian 2004 tsunami relief efforts.
whose	Whose goals are we talking about here, mine or yours?
whopper	I think he is telling a big fat whopper.
whosoever	And, verily, whosoever has this trust, for him there is no uncertainty.
why	Why would she want to do that?
whoso	For whoso findeth me findeth life, and shall obtain favor of the Lord.
whorehouse	Vinnie, this guy Byrne's life was as far away from yours as the Pope's from a whorehouse.
wholesale	It has a large wholesale and retail trade.
whys	This provokes you to go on a roaring rampage of revenge as you try and find out the who 's, whys and wherefores.
wickedness	His own people despised him for his wickedness.
whorl	As a rule, however, the number in a whorl is irregular.
wide	She traced her fingertips over his wide palm.
wholly	The effort, while commendable, was not wholly suc­cessful.
wicket	Dolokhov, after Anatole entered, had remained at the wicket gate and was struggling with the yard porter who was trying to lock it.
wicked	It was a wicked thing to say.
wick	The town belongs to the Wick district group of parliamentary burghs.
wicker	They protected themselves in battle with a large wooden or wicker shield, the centre of which was ornamented with an iron boss (umbo).
wicking	On land, Dri-Lite is constructed from two different deniers to enhance directional moisture wicking, keeping you dry and comfortable.
widen	Then with great labor he began to widen the passageway.
widowed	Cynthia's widowed mother was a librarian in a small Indiana town.
widower	But he was a widower when he died.
widgeon	Among swimming birds the most numerous are the gull (kamome), of which many varieties are found; the cormorant (u)which is trained by the Japanese for fishing purposesand multitudinous flocks of wild-geese (gan) and wild-ducks (kanjo), from the beautiful mandarinduck (oshi-dori), emblem of cunjugal fidelity, to teal (koga,no) and widgeon (hidori-ganto) of several species.
widening	Meanwhile the sphere of his intimacies was rapidly widening.
wife	My wife looked up from her lap top.
widowhood	In her 40 years on the series, Viki has struggled with rape, divorce, stroke, breast cancer, love, loss and widowhood.
widespread	The widespread interest taken in Louis XVII.
wield	How long shall they wield unlawful power?
wiggle	Dean felt her wiggle out of her bike shorts and then turn to her side, facing him.
width	Geologically considered, the country may be divided into three regions - a central, and the largest, comprising the whole width of the Aravalli system, formed of very old sub-metamorphic and gneissic rocks; an eastern region, with sharply defined boundary, along which the most ancient formations are abruptly replaced by the great basin of the Vindhyan strata, or are overlaid by the still more extensive spread of the Deccan trap, forming the plateau of Malwa; and a western region, of very ill-defined margin, in which, besides some rocks of undetermined age, it is more or less known or suspected that Tertiary and Secondary strata stretch across from Sind, beneath the sands of the desert, towards the flanks of the Aravallis.
wiggly	Erin, a young girl who was usually the model of good behavior in church, was particularly wiggly one Sunday morning.
wigwam	In the smoke-infested wigwam and hut the ground was the best place for sitting or sleeping.
wild	He couldn't help but detect her wild pulse.
widow	Ranulf married Constance, widow of Henry II.
wilderness	The battle of the Wilderness (q.v.) went on for two days, with little advantage to either side.
wig	Even a wig box was discovered in one tomb.
wigeon	December records were very similar with a maximum count of 132 Wigeon on the 24th and good numbers of other dabbling duck.
wildcat	Continue Reading Add comment Taxi drivers cause chaos with wildcat strikes By Web Editor.
wildfire	The news spread like wildfire through the country, and the principal towns declared for separation.
wight	The coast of Wight rises more steeply.
wildness	The wildness of this tale refutes itself.
will	Things will get better.
wile	Enjoying a meal or a drink by the marina is always a pleasant way to wile away a few hours.
widely	Megan looked ready to laugh but smiled widely instead.
wilfulness	It is the first shadow that falls across His path; His power finds a check in human wilfulness.
willing	I'm willing to give it a try.
wildfowl	Wildfowl Conservation In 1949 the nature conservancy came into being.
willingness	The next step was informing Mr. Cooms of our willingness to proceed with his offer.
willful	I think willful ignorance is a little closer to the mark.
wilful	He is notorious for his wilful exaggeration, both in narrative and numerical statements.
willet	He edited the earlier volumes of a Bibelwerk (19 vols., 1749-70) which was designed as an adaptation for German readers of the exegetical works of Andrew Willet, Henry Ainsworth, Symon Patrick, Matthew Poole, Matthew Henry and others.
wily	Even now we have no clear case against this very wily man.
willies	Snakes were something that gave her the willies.
wilt	Then change it, purify thyself; and as thou art purified, thou wilt gain wisdom.
willowy	To balance the loose, willowy look of the top, wear a peasant top over a mini skirt.
win	I can win him over.
wimp	He was no wimp - of that she was certain.
wildlife	The wildlife out here depends on the water hole.
willingly	She hadn't discussed anything with him willingly so far.
wind	After sunset the wind had dropped.
wince	Kiera rubbed her arm with a small wince and forced herself to turn away.
winded	They could n't keep that up very long without getting winded, so by and by they settled around the jug again.
winch	A glass plate fixed to a wooden or metal shaft is rotated by a winch.
windage	Each man in the target also holds a pennon for windage.
winding	We are gaining speed, not winding down.
windbag	Altogether I am not quite the pompous windbag that I used to be.
windlass	The grandest place of all is the Colossal Dome, which used to be entered only from the apex by windlass and a rope reaching 135 ft.
willow	The only representative of tree vegetation now is a dwarf willow 1 in.
windfall	Once you have changed your mindset about the ways you can save money, you'll find a windfall of opportunities to do so.
winder	When reinstalled, the clock was fitted with an automatic winder.
windless	The air was dry and windless.
windpipe	For a few minutes she thought her windpipe was crushed.
windmill	Six hundred years after that, we get the windmill for irrigation.
windstorm	I hung up, my hand still shaking like a leaf in a windstorm.
windshield	A soggy parking ticket was spread over his windshield by the first sweep of the wipers.
windsurf	If you're ready to swim, windsurf or sail, you can rent gear from the club and head into the water.
wine	He finished a couple of bottles of wine by himself.
windproof	The Thunder Hat is a basic fleece hat that keeps the ears warm in cold winds because the earflaps are made from windproof fleece.
windscreen	A scratch in a car windscreen can be very annoying.
winepress	At nightfall, sobbing for excess of joy, the crusaders came to the Sepulchre from their treading of the winepress, and put their blood-stained hands together in prayer.
window	She glanced out the window, still smiling.
windsurfing	You may also sign-up for windsurfing lessons in Hurghada.
windward	The windward slopes of the Sierra Madre Oriental receive the greater part of the rainfall, and the winds, deprived of their moisture, pass over the northern plateau without further precipitation.
wineglass	Deidre returned to the kitchen and placed her wineglass in the sink.
windy	It's windy and dry... said another voice.
wingman	He missed the days when they played wingman for each other.
wink	I don't know how I got a wink of sleep.
winger	The winger must try to reach the touchline without being tackled.
winking	The stone flipped back and forth, winking at her as it caught the light.
winner	The winner will receive a cash prize, a trophy and their name engraved on a silver salver which they keep for a year.
winged	In many of these insects, while most individuals of the species are wingless, winged specimens are now and then met with.
winning	Is it because winning the award gives them more confidence?
wingless	Rarely the male is the wingless sex.
winnow	Seasonal inflow may, for example, winnow out sediments from breccias and other areas, to redeposit them elsewhere.
winkle	Time to wake up, Rip Van Winkle.
wino	His Winona Forever tattoo was later changed to Wino Forever.
winnings	Dean thanked Mrs. W., congratulated the woman on her Vegas winnings, and said he'd pass on the message to Fred.
winnowing	This caused various lateral and contrary movements, resulting in a whirling movement (Slvn) resembling the rotation of Anaxagoras, whereby similar atoms were brought together (as in the winnowing of grain) and united to form larger bodies and worlds.
winsome	This English Rose is a winsome English gentlewoman, resident in Ireland, who wins th heart of the Irish hero.
winery	A new state of the art winery was built a few years ago by Antonio junior.
winterize	Those that don't winterize their campers risk burst pipes, which can do severe damage to the vehicle.
wintery	After all, an outdoor wedding in Iowa during November can be wintery cold, but in southern Texas, it will be temperate and sunny.
wintertime	Since 1881, American gardeners have enjoyed the wintertime ritual of opening their mailbox, grabbing the Burpee flower catalog, and settling by the fire to peruse the gorgeous pictures and descriptions of plants for sale.
wiper	Extra air and oil filters, windshield wiper blades and washer fluid.
wintering	He went himself to the wars with Verus in 167, first to Aquileia and then on into Pannonia and Noricum, wintering at Sirmium in Pannonia.
wing	It contained a sofa, two wing chairs, a queen size bed, a fully stocked wet bar, kitchenette, bathroom, wide screen TV, books, and magazines.
wintry	The weather was already growing wintry and morning frosts congealed an earth saturated by autumn rains.
winter	It looked nice against her winter paled skin.
wiring	The helo creaked and slid again in the wiring.
wisdom	Surprised at the casual wisdom of her words, Gabriel was quiet.
wipe	She sighed and pulled her hands free to wipe her eyes.
wish	I wish you had called me.
wiry	His body was wiry and lean, his skin golden from sun.
wire	The coils are wound with copper wire (covered with silk), 10 mils.
wispy	Use short wispy strokes, avoiding the inner corner of the eye.
wishbone	It has carbon wishbone rear seat stays, replaceable head tube (campag compatible).
wistful	His expression became wistful.
wishful	It was all wishful thinking.
wistfully	The kitten gazed wistfully at the forbidden fruit.
wistaria	Scarcely has the cherry season passed when that of the wistaria (fuji) comes, followed by the azalea(tsutsuji) and the iris (shibu), the last being almost contemporaneous with the peony (botan), which is regarded by many Japan se as the king of flowers and is cultivated assiduously.
wisp	A wisp of blond hair hung over one eye and Lisa brushed it back.
wisteria	The Chinese wisteria is popular due to its flowering habit.
with	She came to the airport with him.
wishing	She waited, wishing she'd never come.
withdraw	Keep it up and I might decide to withdraw my invitation.
withdrawn	The tools are then withdrawn, the well is sand-pumped, and preparations are made for the next ' run.'
withdrew	The magazine withdrew the prize offer.
witch	Well, maybe it does for some people, but not a hard hearted old witch like me.
wither	He is really dead now, and will wither very quickly.
witchcraft	Andover was a prominent centre in the witchcraft trials of 1692.
withering	Rhyn gave Katie a long, withering look that she bore with crossed arms.
wit	He had an ironic wit.
withal	Chandragupta himself is described as living in barbaric splendour, appearing in public only to hear causes, offer sacrifice, or to go on military and hunting expeditions, and withal so fearful of assassination that he never slept two nights running in the same room.
withers	He snatched her belt and slung her across his horse's withers before mounting.
withe	Clear sodas that have gone flat are good drinks for kids withe roseola.
wireless	Wireless Internet was not available at the cabin and our computer had no means for a telephone hook-up.
within	Within seconds, she was drenched.
without	When he continued to watch her without response, she sighed.
withheld	Details were withheld pending further investigation.
withholding	The Romans in return restored central Greece to the league, but by withholding its former Thessalian possessions excited its deep resentment.
wise	I made a wise choice.
witness	Did you get to witness the birth?
withstanding	Its depth, together with its porous nature, makes the fertile soil of Iowa capable of withstanding the extremes of wet and dry remarkably well, and it is perhaps true that, taken as a whole, no other state in the Union has a superior soil for agriculture.
withhold	The sun seemed to withhold its light and warmth from him.
witty	But he is one of the most vivid and witty of our medieval historians.
witless	But it also has the capacity to scare some people witless.
withy	The Salix alba (white willow, withe, withy) contains salicin, which is converted to salicylic acid in the body.
wizard	The Wizard turned to look at him.
withdrawal	He must have sensed the cause of her sudden withdrawal, and spoke gently.
withstand	At that point, no one was able to withstand what he could do.
wizardry	The editors then had to create the love scene using computer wizardry to join the pair together.
wobble	The tree should not wobble at the top of the root ball.
wmf	Windows WMF Flaw is a major flaw in Microsoft Windows operating systems recently discovered that affects all versions of Windows operating systems.
wizened	He shook his head, his gaze taking on a wizened look.
woeful	It may be that the parents simply can't stand to hear their babies' woeful cries.
woad	The Frome process used woad, a blue dye associated with Brits since Caesar visited.
woe	He related his tale of woe while enjoying the never-ending pleasure of seeing the woman he loved in various stages of nakedness.
woefully	The subject became woefully neglected as our food was allowed to become mediocre.
woken	You've just woken up to the sound of your cat hacking up a symphony and you get up to investigate.
wobbly	She sat down on a wobbly chair and wiped her face.
wives	That's all poetry and old wives' talk--all that doing good to one's neighbor!
wodge	There is a great wodge of serious literature which ca n't possibly be imitated in RPGs.
wok	Heat the oil in a wok until smoking hot.
wolfish	And he added with a sort of wolfish grin I want to be a model lover !
wold	Don't let the wold traditional scare you off though; these suits can be anything but boring.
wolframite	Of the impurities of the ore the wolframite (tungstate of iron and manganese) is the most troublesome, because on account of its high specific gravity it cannot be washed away as gangue.
wolves	The fact is, when wolves attack a herd, they always take the weakest animal.
woman	A woman has a right to protect herself – any way she can.
woke	The sound of voices woke her.
womanhood	To a youth and womanhood of storm and stress had succeeded an old age of serene activity and then of calm decay.
wolfskin	The Jack Wolfskin Thunder Bay jacket for men is a wonderful way to keep warm when the temperatures drop at night.
wolfram	Between 1283 and 1290, a Bavarian disciple of Wolfram's 2 adopted the story and developed it into an epic poem of nearly 8000 lines, incorporating episodes of Lohengrin's prowess in tournament, his wars with Henry I.
wolverine	Wolverine, the strongest fur suited for rugs and foot-sacks, is taken as the standard.
womanizer	The author portrayed Barnard as a ' ruthlessly ambitious, manipulative womanizer obsessed with money ' .
womanish	Ivanushka, sipping out of her saucer, looked with sly womanish eyes from under her brows at the young men.
womb	She will have the baby for us because I have no womb, but it is our baby.
womankind	Sri Ramakrishna never taught his disciples to hate any woman, or womankind in general.
women	That evening all the women got together to wrap gifts.
wolf	It was a wolf howling at the full moon.
wonder	No wonder Dulce had been so upset.
wonderful	He was such a wonderful person in so many ways.
wondering	The boy looked around him with wondering eyes.
wonderment	He stood atop nearly 11,000 feet of mountain gazing in wonderment at the spec­tacular view below him as he strained to catch his breath.
womanly	The store of womanly wisdom contained in this book is truly incalculable.
wonky	Likewise the lantern on the right looks a bit wonky.
wont	Having secretly become a Christian, Sebastian was wont to encourage those of his brethren who in the hour of trial seemed wavering in their profession.
wombat	When they first see the house, Mandy sees a wombat and two babies hiding in a washing basket.
wondrous	Was he truly the only person capable of doing those wondrous deeds?
wood	We've got plenty of wood, though, from the forest.
wonderland	In the wonderland of Mind I should be as free as another.
wo	Then I won't kiss you on the mouth.
wonted	However, he worked on with his wonted cheerfulness and joyousness.
woo	Thus, pure gold is woo fine or 24 carat.
wonderfully	Instead, she felt wonderfully content.
woodcut	In the meantime Darer had added a few to the number of his line-engravings and had completed the two woodcut series of the Great Passion, begun about 1498-1499, and the Life of the Virgin.
wooden	It replaced an old wooden one that burned.
woodcraft	In the dignity and simplicity of the old backwoodsman there is something almost Hebraic. With his naïve vanity and strong reverent piety, his valiant wariness, his discriminating cruelty, his fine natural sense of right and wrong, his rough limpid honesty, his kindly humour, his picturesque dialect, and his rare skill in woodcraft, he has all the breadth and roundness of a type and all the eccentricities and peculiarities of a portrait.
woodbine	Smilax, clematis, honeysuckle and woodbine are the commoner forest vines.
won	He hated it when she won an argument.
woodchuck	Frequently he would leave his dinner in the bushes, when his dog had caught a woodchuck by the way, and go back a mile and a half to dress it and leave it in the cellar of the house where he boarded, after deliberating first for half an hour whether he could not sink it in the pond safely till nightfall--loving to dwell long upon these themes.
woodcock	The ruffed grouse (or partridge) is the most common of game birds, but woodcock, ducks and geese are quite common.
woodcutter	For example, the local woodcutter was also the postman.
woodenware	Woodenware is the principal manufacture.
woodpecker	The Texas screech-owl, the Texas woodpecker, and the road runner, or ground cuckoo, are found mostly in southern and south-western Texas.
woodman	Woodman then returned to his native Sussex where he became an itinerant lay preacher.
woodenly	When she moved woodenly towards her bedroom, he disappeared.
woodshed	Well, at least you won't have mice in the woodshed.
woodpile	Some built the woodpile, others attended the fire over which the lamb would be roasted.
woodside	In 1878 the old Monks Ferry station on the Great Western system was superseded by the opening of the Woodside passenger station, and a few years later the Birkenhead town station was opened.
woodlice	Slugs and woodlice are the worst enemies of mushroom crops.
woodwind	There are two ensembles to choose from; The duo and woodwind quintet.
wooded	Settled into a backdrop of wooded hills, was the little log cabin.
woodworker	Immersed in cold water gelatin does not dissolve but swells up; it dissolves readily in hot water, forming, according to the quantity present, a thick jelly which solidifies to a hard mass on cooling (the glue of the woodworker), or a thin jelly (used in cookery).
woodsman	Jack Haley as the TinMan (called the Tin Woodsman in the novel) and Ray Bolger as the Scarecrow.
woof	The air resounded with the distinct woof of a nearby explosion.
woodsy	Rich woodsy undertones of beech amber, musk, tree moss, and teak wood complete the fragrance.
wooing	But the story of Agariste's wooing resembles romance and has slight chronological value.
woolens	Plenty of shops, look out for woolens, jewelry, fudges, cheeses and bere bannocks.
woodwork	The church of All Saints is mainly Perpendicular, and contains some fine woodwork, mostly of the 17th century, and some good memorial tombs.
woofer	You get the feeling of having a separate woofer in the headphones.
woodland	One early thrush gave me a note or two as I drove along the woodland path.
woody	The formation of secondary tissues is characteristic of most woody plants, to whatever class they belong.
woollen	The imports are woollen and cotton piece-goods, metals and petroleum.
woolly	There is also a thick woolly under-fur, shed in summer, when the whole coat comes off in blanket-like masses.
wool	The most important internal industries are in wool and frozen meat.
woozy	Deidre felt woozy and paused to steady her breathing.
word	I just got word that my father had a heart attack.
wording	She went over the wording of the deal in her mind.
work	It did work this morning.
woolsack	On being called to the bar he found a cause or two at nurse for him, which he did his best to put to death, to the bitter disappointment of his father, who had confidently looked forward to seeing him upon the woolsack.
wordless	But one child may be wordless until the age of two and a half and then immediately start talking in three-word sentences.
wordy	But the Girondins gained no tangible result from this wordy warfare.
woollens	The industries of the town and its environs (Sandnaes, &c.) are prosperous, including factories for preserved foods, woollens and linens, lime, iodine from seaweed, and domestic commodities.
worker	Worker Chad lives in Chattanooga.
workforce	Most work projects these days require a degree of multi skilling for the workforce.
workaholic	His wife Adele leaves him during the course of the series because he is a workaholic.
working	She's working at the hospital to pay for her education.
workaday	However, like so many prestigious but essentially workaday buildings, only rather functional and not very prepossessing brick backs the impressive faÃ§ade.
workgroup	The group working on the project suggests that the primary focus is clinical and the workgroup is seeking to streamline the diagnostic process.
workbook	Everyone will receive a free self-help workbook at some point during the study.
workmanship	I should be delighted to own so beautiful a piece of workmanship, but I know I am not worthy.
workday	In fact, his workday often began before he arrived at the clinic.
workable	My ultimate aim is to develop a workable model for sharing knowledge and stimulating innovation in development projects.
wore	I wish everyone wore rose-colored glasses the way you do.
workmanlike	It has been left a largely lovely building, attractive in an otherwise fairly workmanlike village.
workshop	Thomas Bunyan had a forge and workshop at Elstow.
workhouse	We want to see whether we cannot make for the agricultural labourer some better hope than the workhouse in his old age.
workman	The legend of Wayland probably had its home in the north, where he and his brother Egil l 2 were the types of the skilled workman, but there are abundant local traditions of the wonderful smith in Westphalia and in southern England.
world	There's a world of good you could perform.
worldliness	With growth in popular esteem came increase in material wealth, leading to luxury and worldliness.
worksheet	A Florida child support worksheet is an important legal document.
worldwide	There was a rising worldwide consumption of consumer goods.
workstation	She crossed to the communication master workstation and checked the systems.
workpeople	Its most important industrial establishments are the mirror manufactory of St Gobain and the chemical works at Chauny, and the workshops and foundries of Guise, the property of an association of workpeople organized on socialistic lines and producing iron goods of various kinds.
workroom	The brothers started making shoes in a basement workroom in 1936.
workmen	He then allotted the reconstruction of wall and gates to different parties of workmen, and his narrative describes the portion of wall upon which each of these was employed.'
wormy	When the waste contains any large percentage of worm or chrysalis, it is taken to a cocoon beater, a machine which has a large revolving disk on which the silk is put, and while revolving slowly is beaten by a leather whip or flail, which loosens the silk and knocks out the wormy matter.
worldly	Worldly conversation at a moment when his soul is already prepared...
workout	She wondered if it was the extended workout at the gym.
wormwood	Ashes particularly rich in potash are those of burning nettles, wormwood (Artemisia absinthium), tansy (Tanacetum vulgare), fumitory (Fumaria officinalis), and tobacco.
worrying	Will you stop worrying about me?
worrisome	It's hard to say how long she has, but it is worrisome that she is not using the litter box much and is drinking a lot.
worsen	What can trigger or worsen a venous leg ulcer?
worst	It was the worst news yet.
worm	The adult worm in the female sometimes reaches a length of 6 ft.
worshipful	Thus a mayor is spoken of as his worship the mayor, or the worshipful the mayor.
worshipper	He is an earnest worshipper of the Virgin, but a bold and vigorous hater of monks and abbots.
worried	He won't go see a doctor, and Mom's worried about him.
worthiness	The catechetic course, which formerly preceded the complete rite, now intervenes between its two halves; and the sponsors who formerly attested the worthiness of the candidate and received him up as anadochi out of the font, have become god-parents, who take the baptismal vows vicariously for infants who cannot answer for themselves.
worthless	It was a worthless hole.
worse	It was the worse news I could hear.
worry	Don't worry; everything will work out fine.
worship	His men worship him.
wound	The wound healed itself.
wort	A volume of the diluted yeast was introduced into flasks containing sterilized wort, the degree of dilution being such that only a small proportion of the flasks became infected.
wounded	She kicked out her wounded leg.
worsted	Silk and worsted goods are other important manufactures.
worthily	Nevertheless the collapse of the empire was a great opportunity for Thiers, and it was worthily accepted.
wow	Wow, don't you look nice.
worthlessness	With this dualism and the recognition of the worthlessness and absolutely vicious nature of the material world is combined a decided spiritualism.
worthwhile	It was worthwhile to pursue the ghost writer.
wove	She wove through the activity until she saw Vara.
worth	That was worth the wait.
wrack	He watched explosions wrack his planet until they rose high enough that the toxic dust storm he'd started marred the surface of the planet from view.
wrap	I'm trying to wrap up everything as fast as I can, Logan said.
wraith	He's there to help Clark stop Lex from finding the last wraith form the Phantom Zone.
wrangle	We don't believe in a long legal wrangle.
wrasse	Among the fish may be mentioned the tunny, dolphin, mackerel, sardine, sea-bream, dentice and pagnell; wrasse, of exquisite rainbow hue and good for food; members of the herring family, sardines, anchovies, flying-fish, sea-pike; a few representatives of the cod family, and some flat fish; soles (very rare); Cernus which grows to large size; several species of grey and red mullet; eleven species of Triglidae, including the beautiful flying gurnard whose colours rival the angel-fish of the West Indies; and eighteen species of mackerel, all migratory.
wrangler	You can't go wrong with classic brands like Wrangler.
wreak	Unrequited love could wreak havoc on a conscience.
wreath	Each wore a wreath of corn, a white fillet and the praetexta.
worthy	Some of the arrangements are worthy of notice.
wrapper	Wind and hail may break plants or damage leaves, especially if required for wrapper purposes.
woven	Cotton is produced, and is woven into fabrics by the women.
wrathful	Man is, in spirit, soul and body, a creature of the just and wrathful god.
wrapping	Carmen continued wrapping gifts and didn't comment.
wrench	I often carry a small pipe, which will fit over the lug wrench.
wrestle	She scrambled up, watching them wrestle Dean until he shook them off.
wrecker	By the god Amymone became the mother of Nauplius, the wrecker.
wrestling	They were slow to respond, and he sloshed free, wrestling the barrel to the Springs.
wrath	She was trying to avoid his wrath.
wretched	The condition of slaves at Athens was not in general a wretched one.
wreck	I was a wreck when you didn't answer the phone.
wrecking	This business is so incredible it's wrecking me.
wretch	The old wretch had torn and dirty clothes.
wreckage	He pushed the wreckage around and dug his notebook out of the mess.
wrest	There he continued to wrest from the Greeks the lands which their feeble arms were no longer able to defend.
wrestler	Your wrestler may want a practice singlet.
wring	Let me wring you out!
wriggle	From time to time she performs a nesting wriggle.
wriggler	The one we most often find in compost or manure pile is the red wriggler (Eisenia foetida ).
wren	The other buildings designed by Wren were very numerous.
wringer	The laundry room was also clean and an old wringer tub still sat in one corner, as though unwilling to completely surrender to modern appliances.
wretchedness	That said, there are, in my opinion, two episodes from the third season that stand out in wretchedness.
wringing	She began wringing her hands.
wrinkly	But young and new were staying away in the same droves as the old and wrinkly.
wrinkling	Adrena said, wrinkling her nose.
write	I'll write something every day.
wright	The Mini Wright Peak Flow Meter measures the maximum expiratory flow rate during a forced expiration.
wrinkle	Like the first wrinkle, it was inevitable.
writhe	She did not writhe in pain, nor snarl, nor foam at the mouth.
written	It is a little speech that I have written for him.
wrong	Sometimes I make a mistake and do the wrong thing.
wristband	Millions of people wore a white wristband this time last year to show their support for action to tackle global poverty.
wrinkled	She wrinkled her nose and hacked at the grass again.
wristlet	Floral pin or wristlet-If you are making a wrist corsage, hot glue or sew the bundled flowers to a wristlet and forgo the floral pin.
wrongdoer	He is God 's servant, an agent of wrath to bring punishment on the wrongdoer.
wrongdoing	People often try to assuage the guilt of wrongdoing by doing right.
wrongful	No man was entitled to seize unless he owned, or had a surety who owned, sufficient property for indemnity or adjustment in case the seizure should be found to have been wrongful.
writ	The wish expressed by the Whigs, that a member of the electoral family should be invited to England, had already aroused the queen's indignation in 1708; and now, in 1714, a writ of summons for the electoral prince as duke of Cambridge having been obtained, Anne forbade the Hanoverian envoy, Baron Schutz, her presence, and declared all who supported the project her enemies; while to a memorial on the same subject from the electress Sophia and her grandson in May, Anne replied in an angry letter, which is said to have caused the death of the electress on the 8th of June, requesting them not to trouble the peace of her realm or diminish her authority.
wrote	She changed the decorating tip and wrote Happy Birthday Dad! on the top of the cake.
wrist	She sprayed the perfume on her wrist and coughed.
wrought	Her days were long but peaceful, wrought with duty and rest.
wrongfully	How does that compare with someone wrongfully imprisoned for 11 years?
wrongness	It is often a hard thing too decide the rightness or wrongness of any single macro policy move.
wry	He gazed up at her with a wry smile.
wrung	Darian wrung his hands like an excited child at the news.
wroth	He hated vital religion and grew wroth at every manifestation of it.
writing	Are you writing a book?
wt	In a male cone, probably belonging to wt Lepidocarpon Lomaxi, the microsporangia are provided with incomplete integuments.
wwf	Help protect the snow leopards in Nepal's Sacred Himalayan Landscape by taking part in the WWF Walk for Wildlife!
wrongly	Vauban's Dime royale was formerly wrongly attributed to him.
wyandotte	Dr. Hovey has proved that the rate of stalagmitic growth in Wyandotte Cave, Indiana, is .0254 cm.
wryneck	On this Henry's death in 1345 he was succeeded by a son of the same name, sometimes known as Henry Tort-Col or Wryneck, a very valiant commander in the French wars, whom the king advanced to the dignity of a duke.
www	This cost the Commode D ' Or dearly - the WWW is still livid!
wu	This evidence is confirmed by (a) the canon of Theodore of Edessa (800) allowing metropolitans of China, India and other distant lands to send their reports to the catholikos every six years; (b) the edict of Wu Tsung destroying Buddhist monasteries and ordering 300 foreign priests to return to the secular life that the customs of the empire might be uniform; (c) two 9th-century Arab travellers, one of whom, Ibn Wahhab, discussed the contents of the Bible with the emperor; (d) the discovery in 1725 of a Syrian MS. containing hymns and a portion of the Old Testament.
wto	Banana wars The US brought an action in the WTO against the EU because of its favorable quotas for Caribbean banana wars The US brought an action in the WTO against the EU because of its favorable quotas for Caribbean bananas.
wyvern	The old at Wyvern, The new said, hes feel rebellious was deserted.
wynd	The additional capacity planned in Miller's Wynd was now operational.
wysiwyg	There are a number of fine wysiwyg web design programs available today that can produce quality web pages for very little cost.
xanthine	Here is some fragment output from a query designed to find complete coding regions for genes encoding xanthine dehydrogenase.
writer	She had a short career as a writer.
xenophobia	The group is assisting communities to promote positive images of refugees and combat racism and xenophobia.
x	The swellings have been found to be due to a curious hypertrophy of the tissue of the part, the cells being filled with an immense number of minute bacterium-like organisms of V, X or Y shape.
xenon	The Xbox 360 runs a 3.2 GHz triple-core Xenon processor designed by IBM.
xerophthalmia	People deficient in retinoids suffer night blindness and dryness of the eyes (xerophthalmia ).
xerox	Xerox or laser quality reproductions are satisfactory for the purposes of reviewing.
xerophilous	A very few species, like Chroolepus, which grows on rock surfaces, are comparable with the land plants which have been termed xerophilous.
xo	Boss, I was gonna ask if you needed an XO while Sasha is out, Toni ventured.
xl	Yahweh's servant David, whereas in the ideal scheme detailed in chap. xl.
xmas	Christmas liqueur gifts make ideal xmas gift giving ideas.
xi	Xi to n.
yacht	The Solent is frequently the scene of yacht races.
xylophone	Try the Djembe, African xylophone and barrel bass.
xylem	Differentiation of the xylem progresses outwards, of the phloem inwards, but the two tissues never meet in the centre.
xx	Ahab, I Kings xx.
yachting	There is excellent yachting in the bay, which contains many beautiful islands, such as Peaks and Cushing's islands.
yahoo	Human nature indignantly rejects her portrait in the Yahoo as a gross libel, and the protest is fully warranted.
yachtsman	The Almanac provides the yachtsman with all the data required to navigate Atlantic waters.
yale	He at first taught mathematics at Yale; but in 1895 was made assistant professor of political economy, and in 1898 professor.
yam	The numbers go up to five, and for living objects the word bird is added, for inanimate yam, for large objects ship.'- There are other terms for bundles of sugarcanes, rows (planted) of yams, &c.; and sometimes things are counted by threes.
wye	It is pleasantly situated in the upper valley of the Wye, in a bend of the river on its right bank below the confluence of its tributary the Irfon.
yak	But even these are inferior to the wild yak, which stands nearly 6 ft.
yank	It got hung up on a stump and she had to yank from another direction to dislodge it.
yap	The trenches of Yap (4122 fathoms) and Palau (Pelew) (4450 fathoms) are not immediately connected with that of Marianne.
yah	Yah dude, I learned I'm totally crushing on the professor.
yarn	This determines to a large extent the fineness of the yarn which can be spun.
yang	Sarah, I truly believe Connor is the Yang to your Yin.
y	His attempt at classification was certainly better than that of Linnaeus; and it is rather curious that the researches of the latest ornithologists point to results in some degree comparable with Brisson's systematic arrangement, for they refuse to keep the birds-of-prey at the head of the Class A y es, and they require the establishment of a much larger number of Orders than for a long while was thought advisable.
yankee	Some of the guys figure a dumb trick like a midnight swim ain't so surprising for a Yankee with a snoot full.
yardstick	Use a tape measure or a string that you can then measure with a ruler or yardstick.
yaw	Using the left analog stick, you adjust the pitch and roll, whereas the L2 and R2 buttons are used to control your yaw.
yardage	There is no common measurement for how much yardage is in a ball or skein of yarn.
yawn	Dean asked with a yawn as the night caught up with him.
yarrow	Many herbs have had the power of curing all diseases attributed to them, and have hence had the name of all-heal; such have been, among others, the mistletoe, the woundwort (Stachys palustris), the yarrow or milfoil, and the great valerian.
ye	Ye want the usual?
yea	Yea, verily, they shall be saved from God's ire (de ira) and called to the mercy of Christ.
yaws	This organism belongs to a family of infectious agents which cause yaws and pinta as well as syphilis.
yearling	No trainer can train thoroughbred yearling and two year old's with learner riders.
year	Each year a payment is made to each resident of Alaska.
yearn	Religion may here be defined as the conception of divine, or at least supernatural powers entertained by men in moments of gratitude or of need and distress, in hours of weakness, when, as Homer says, all folk yearn after the gods.
yearning	She found herself yearning for friends again.
yearbook	In the holdings of neat cattle (1,453,971) and sheep (2,045,577) it ranked in 1900 respectively seventeenth and tenth among the states of the Union; in 1907, according to the Yearbook of the Department of Agriculture, there were in the state 1,561,712 neat cattle and 1,677,561 sheep. Stock-raising has always been important.
yearlong	It can lift these neutrals and provide a yearlong reminder of warmer and brighter days.
yeah	Yeah, I can imagine.
yell	I didn't mean to yell at you, but you nearly scared me to death.
yellow	One of the yellow portals beckoned her.
yard	Len pulled the truck into the yard and stopped.
yeasty	Left on it's yeasty lees to extract maximum flavor.
yellowy	The grass was longer and had a yellowy color in the evening light.
yearly	He later made yearly visits to Paris.
yelp	He raised his rifle and fired, and heard a yelp from the creature.
yes	Yes, but I don't have time.
yesterday	It is a beautiful day, but yesterday it was cold.
yeast	The yeast plant and its allies are saprophytes and form no chlorophyll.
yet	It was early, yet we were all ready for bed after our long hike.
yeoman	He is the ideal yeoman as Arthur is the ideal knight.
yellowish	A yellowish glow emitted from some unseen light source in the grey walls reminded her of a late winter afternoon that never ended.
yeomanry	A wave of military enthusiasm arose throughout the empire, and as the formation of a seventh division practically drained the mother-country of trained men, a scheme for the employment of amateur soldiers was formulated, resulting in the despatch of Imperial Yeomanry and Volunteer contingents, which proved one of the most striking features of the South African campaign.
yen	A new law, passed by both houses and confirmed by the emperor, took from the executive all power over journals, except in cases of lse majest, and nothing now remains of the former arbitrary system except that any periodical having a political complexion is required to deposit security varying from 175 to 1000 yen.
yeti	I ran over and pulled the sac open, and found a bound, battered, incredibly hairy, but alive baby yeti.
yew	We have also the yew, the hazel, juniper, walnut, wild peach and almond.
yiddish	Polish, Yiddish and German are widely spoken.
yip	Walthamstow market is the place To be yip
yin	Sarah, I truly believe Connor is the Yang to your Yin.
yob	Home Affairs Prime Minister says parents are to blame for yob culture.
ymca	The thick brambles cling to the site of the YMCA halt platform, a wooden contraption which has left absolutely no trace behind.
yoke	He didn't know how to shake off that yoke or his anger.
yield	The yield of corn varies from six to ten times the amount sown.
yolk	If the egg yolk is not convex and firm, don't consume the egg.
yielding	It was harder and harder to justify not yielding to his arrangement, if only for the pleasure of his body.
yogi	A yogi curls up in peace, as a child would.
yonder	Yonder Star is just one company that specializes in outdoor scenes.
yore	Do you know any hackneyed clichés of yore?
you	I love you so much.
young	The young girl ran off without a word.
yogurt	Tzatziki is made from a thick yogurt, shredded cucumber, garlic, fresh dill, olive oil and salt.
your	What is your father's name?
yon	Night at the encourages yon to demand for its.
yourself	I wish you could hear yourself talking.
youth	Most girls wanted to be a princess at some point in their youth, though she couldn't specifically remember that wish.
youthful	His eyes scoured her youthful features.
youthfully	But soft lasers energize the skin cells and greatly improve skin condition, making it more elastic, flexible and youthfully smooth.
youngish	There 's an eclectic mix of people on the site - from youngish couples to the retired with a mix of social groups.
yoga	A Yoga expert, Dhalsim was born in Kerala, India.
yourselves	Don't put yourselves at risk, ever.
youngster	Harrigan, the youngster of the group at 28, continued to nod away.
youthfulness	This young man, of whom I spoke to you last summer, is so noble-minded and full of that real youthfulness which one seldom finds nowadays among our old men of twenty and, particularly, he is so frank and has so much heart.
yucca	It was sweetened with the juice of yucca fruit.
yowl	Not only can they growl and yowl as most cats do, Bengals also make a sort of chirping noise, and they use all of these sounds to try to communicate their wants and needs to their humans.
yule	The Yule season is a time to decorate the inside and outside of homes.
yttrium	By the same method as had succeeded with aluminium (reduction of the chloride by potassium) Wohler in 1828 obtained metallic beryllium and yttrium.
yuan	This year the central government will allocate 71.6 billion yuan for investment in science and technology, a year-on-year increase of 19.2 percent.
yucky	Yucky. It doesn't matter how pretty you are…no one wants to see that.
younger	It comes in handy when you have a younger brother.
yours	Is this yours, Mrs. Barnett?
yugoslav	In point of international law, its existence may be said to date from Dec. I 1918, when the Prince-Regent Alexander of Serbia formally complied with the invitation of the Yugoslav National Council to assume the regency over the sister provinces also.
yummy	A yummy chocolate cake with cream was to follow.
zany	Zany vows can help cut tension and calm nerves during what can be an otherwise stressful day.
ywca	She has served on the Boards of many philanthropic organizations including the Boston Symphony Orchestra Overseers (1993-2003), YWCA (1988-1998; Austin, Boston and New York), DoSomething (2003-2005) and Public Allies (2006-present).
zeal	His zeal and energy met everywhere with conspicuous success.
zealot	The failure of Jaureguy did not deter a young Catholic zealot, by name Balthazar Gerard, from attempting to assassinate the man whom he looked upon as the arch-enemy of God and the king.
zealous	He continued his studies in Strassburg, under the professor of Hebrew, Johannes Pappus (1549-1610), a zealous Lutheran, the crown of whose life's work was the forcible suppression of Calvinistic preaching and worship in the city, and who had great influence over him.
yuppie	When they did they referred to it as yuppie flu .
zebu	The ordinary cattle of Hainan are apparently a cross between the little yellow cow of south China and the zebu of India.
zap	She was surprised to feel a strange zap of energy, different than Gabriel's warmth but not unpleasant.
zealously	Again, it works zealously to bring the elementary schools under the sway of the Church.
zen	With two children and a hectic job, a state of zen was seemingly impossible for Janet.
zenith	These years mark the zenith of Athenian greatness.
zed	A zed bed can be provided on request, also a cot.
zee	There is evidence that, towards the close of the mediaeval period, great storms and tidal inundations occurred on the shores of the North Sea and Baltic, and in the course of these floods, culminating in 1297, the Zuider Zee was formed from a lake that existed in its neighbourhood, by the breaking down of dykes.
zephyr	Listen to every zephyr for some reproof, for it is surely there, and he is unfortunate who does not hear it.
zeitgeist	The ten moments chosen here are a part of soap opera zeitgeist and so closely associated with the ever-changing genre.
zemstvo	Further, Lithuania was specially excluded from the Zemstvo system which was introduced into Russia in 1864.
z	To unlock Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis, hold the Z button, then press A, the UP direction twice, then B, the DOWN direction twice, LEFT, RIGHT, LEFT direction, then B at the main menu.
zeolite	Using zeolite The required amount is simply placed in the filter just before the water is returned to the pond or tank.
zest	His approaching departure did not prevent his amusing himself, but rather gave zest to his pleasures.
zeppelin	Disturbed by a zeppelin raid, Howells wrote this turbulent piece in a single all-night sitting.
zebra	The zebra (Equus grevyi) is found in Ogaden and places to the south, the wild ass in the northern regions.
zenana	It is of him that the legend is told that during his imprisonment in Delhi he was accused by the emperor of looking towards the west in the direction of the imperial zenana.
zigzag	It is approached by a zigzag path at the side of the cliff, from which a flight of stone xxvII.
zeta	The entire Alpha Zeta range is sealed with synthetic cork.
zigzagging	Keep things as possible simple, and if possible avoid zigzagging the line from one side of a passageway to the other.
zhou	The origins of the I Ching can be traced back over 3,000 years to the Zhou dynasty in China, and its verbal traditions are probably far older than that.
zillion	There are a zillion fast food restaurants around here.
zionism	But there is growing tendency to combine anti Zionism with Anti Semitism.
zing	Try adding lemon juice to add an extra zing to salads.
zinnia	Zinnia is an easy to grow annual that produces every color except blue.
zionist	The Zionist Movement.-The Zionist movement (see Zionism), founded in 1895 by Theodor Herzl was in a sense the outcome of anti-Semitism.
zion	Seventy years have passed, and Zion and the cities of Judah still mourn.
zippy	I'm not saying that it's easy to push the Zippy Stroller through grass or over rocks, but it's possible.
zirconium	Zirconium combines with sulphur to form a sulphide, and with carbon to form several carbides.
zeus	It was disputed in earlier times whether the temple was dedicated to Zeus or Athena.
zither	The kanun is a plucked box zither of Turkey.
zircon	This coating is frequently made from zircon and silicon.
zipper	He pretended to zip a zipper across his lips.
zero	Dean pushed each of the four buzzers, with zero response.
zippered	Now remove the Signed card from the Zippered compartment!
zodiacal	The question whether the Gegenschein can be accounted for by the reflection of light from the same matter as the zodiacal band is still unsettled.
zinc	Zinc and marble are worked in the neighbourhood.
zip	Could you help me zip this?
zona	Conn's syndrome is also very rare, caused by a benign adenoma or hyperplasia of the zona glomerulosa producing excess aldosterone.
zombie	I felt like a zombie, being led around aimlessly.
zollverein	In the old Prussian provinces alone there were fifty-three different customs frontiers, and German manufactures could not develop until the growth of the Zollverein brought with it commercial consolidation, internal freedom and greater homogeneity of economic conditions.
zoo	A point is reached about zoo m.
zonked	There will be - I 'm just zonked after 6 hours traveling at the mo !
zodiac	The whole subject of the history of the zodiac is very obscure.
zonal	Mehler, who proved that a simple relation existed between the function of zero order and the zonal harmonic of order n.
zoning	If you love animals and live in an area where zoning regulations will allow you to work with domestic animals in your home, starting a pet service business might be a good option for you.
zoologically	A due consideration of it leads to the curious paradox that if any two animals be compared, the zoologically lower will be separated from the common ancestor by a larger number of generations, since, on the average, sexual maturity is reached more quickly by the lower form.
zoomorphic	Again, the Scythic style is interesting as being one element in the art of the barbarians who conquered the Roman Empire and the zoomorphic decoration of the early middle ages.
zoology	I am studying about insects in zoology, and I have learned many things about butterflies.
zone	He just slid into the zone when his phone rang.
zoonosis	Cystic hydatid disease is a Zoonosis caused by ingestion of E.G. eggs by contact with dog feces.
zoologist	The great Arthropod class, the Crustacea, presents to the zoologist at the present day an immense range of forms,.
zoological	Some even rearranged the contents according to the alphabet or to zoological affinity.
zulu	The Zulu gives little attention to the cultivation of the soil.
zoospore	Myrioblepharis, with a peculiar multiciliate zoospore like that of Vaucheria, is provisionally placed in the same group. Monoblepharis was first described by Cornu in 1871, but from that time until 1895 when Roland Thaxter described several species from America the genus was completely lost sight of.
zoroastrian	Charles thinks that in this passage the idea of resurrection is of purely Jewish and not of Mazdaan (or Zoroastrian) origin, but it is otherwise with Dan.
zygote	Fertilization.The formation of the zygote or egg-cell takes place usually by the fusion of the contents of two cells, and always includes, as -
zymase	In 1897 Buchner submitted yeast to great pressure, and isolated a nitrogenous substance, enzymic in character, which he termed zymase.
zygospore	Whether a spore results from the sexual union of two similar gametes (zygospore) or from the fertilization of an egg-cell by the protoplasm of a male organ (oospore); or is developed asexually as a motile (zoospore) or a quiescent body cut off from a hypha (conidium) or developed along its course (oidium or chlamydospore), or in its protoplasm (endospore), are matters of importance which have their uses in the classification and terminology of spores, though in many respects they are largely of academic interest.
zoroastrianism	In this sense Zoroastrianism is often referred to as the faith of Ormazd or as Mazdaism.
zymotic	In these parts zymotic diseases prevails most, and were least amenable to medical treatment.
